来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181120091443/https://www.bollandbranch.com/pages/shipping-return-policy
================================================================================

free shipping & return policy | boll & branch get on the list! be the first to know about new collections and insider offers, and get $25 off your first purchase.* sign up you're on the list! thanks for signing up! sweet dreams are ahead. close *minimum purchase of $150 bedding sheet sets duvet covers + shams sheets + pillowcases blankets + quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft linen new percale about our fabrics flannel new shop by product shop by size shop by fabric signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling, supersoft sheets that started it all! made from 100% fair trade certified™ organic cotton. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now floral duvet set 1 colors available solid hemmed duvet cover 4 colors available banded sham 4 colors available fitted sheet 8 colors available flat sheet 8 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available summer basketweave throw 2 colors available waffle blanket 5 colors available heritage quilt set 3 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop signature linen our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. shop linen percale "boll & branch's percale sheets are stellar" - gear patrol percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. shop percale about our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop flannel bedding pillows duvet inserts bath bath sheets bath towels hand towels washcloths bath sets waffle robe bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. made from pure, 100% organic cotton, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. shop now bath sheets these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. shop now bath towels "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." shop now hand towels elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. shop now washcloths your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. shop now bath sets sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. shop now waffle robe a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. shop now bath what's new flannel new chunky knit throw new fall collection new simple stripe sheets pillows new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop now chunky knit throws with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. shop now our fall collection with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now what's new our mission our story why organic cotton a higher standard giving back in the news a different company by design to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage of production, and we take care of all our workers along the way. we built boll & branch to be different. there are no middlemen or secondary markups. we sell a high-quality product at a fair price, and we take care of all our workers along the way. our story since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. learn more why organic cotton? because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. learn more a higher standard at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. learn how boll & branch is not for sale forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. learn more in the news “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider read more our mission sign in help center return policy newsletter our blog newsletter boll-branch_logo search sign in bag 0 bedding sheet sets duvet covers + shams sheets + pillowcases blankets + quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft linen new percale about our fabrics flannel new shop by product shop by size shop by fabric signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling, supersoft sheets that started it all! made from 100% fair trade certified™ organic cotton. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now floral duvet set 1 colors available solid hemmed duvet cover 4 colors available banded sham 4 colors available fitted sheet 8 colors available flat sheet 8 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available summer basketweave throw 2 colors available waffle blanket 5 colors available heritage quilt set 3 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop signature linen our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. shop linen percale "boll & branch's percale sheets are stellar" - gear patrol percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. shop percale about our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop flannel bedding pillows duvet inserts bath bath sheets bath towels hand towels washcloths bath sets waffle robe bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. made from pure, 100% organic cotton, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. shop now bath sheets these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. shop now bath towels "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." shop now hand towels elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. shop now washcloths your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. shop now bath sets sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. shop now waffle robe a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. shop now bath what's new flannel new chunky knit throw new fall collection new simple stripe sheets pillows new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop now chunky knit throws with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. shop now our fall collection with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now what's new our mission our story why organic cotton a higher standard giving back in the news a different company by design to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage of production, and we take care of all our workers along the way. we built boll & branch to be different. there are no middlemen or secondary markups. we sell a high-quality product at a fair price, and we take care of all our workers along the way. our story since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. learn more why organic cotton? because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. learn more a higher standard at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. learn how boll & branch is not for sale forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. learn more in the news “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider read more our mission our blog show all results home / shipping & return policy shipping & return policy need help? start a return email us call us 800-678-3234 monday - friday 9am - 5pm est summit, nj home / shipping & return policy more customer service contact us faq laundry care shipping & return policy return an item international shipping need help? start a return email us call us 800-678-3234 monday - friday 9am - 5pm est summit, nj shipping: boll & branch is pleased to offer complimentary domestic us ground shipping on all orders. us customers may elect to upgrade their order to 1 or 2-day shipping for an additional fee. orders placed for in-stock items usually ship within 24-business hours. orders placed on fridays, holidays or on weekends will be shipped the following business day. please note that 1 and 2-day shipments will not deliver on saturdays, sundays or holidays. if an item you ordered is on backorder, it will be noted on your email receipt. posted shipping dates are estimates and backorders may be shipped up to 2 weeks before or after the posted date. backorders are charged when placed but may be canceled at any time prior to shipping for a full refund. should you have any questions, please click here to contact our customer experience team. you can also reach us by phone monday–friday from 9am–5pm eastern at +1-800-678-3234. returns: we make exceptional products and fully stand behind their quality. if you are unsatisfied with your purchase for any reason, you may return it within 30 days of delivery (delivery is defined as the date the shipment was marked delivered by the carrier’s tracking number).returns are fully refunded in the original payment form, minus any shipping and handling that may have been charged.boll & branch does not accept returns on gift cards or international purchases. if you were the recipient of a product as a gift, returns shall be honored if requested within thirty (30) days of the original purchase and refunds shall be issued in the form of a store credit only.we reserve the right to limit quantities of products purchased by you and to revise, suspend, or terminate a sale, event, or promotion at any time, and without notice (including after an order has been submitted and/or acknowledged). we make no guarantee that all products described on the site will be available at all times. please refer to our terms of service for additional information. start a return contact us (800) 678-3234 help@bollandbranch.com about boll & branch + our story in the news reviews giving back our blog careers press inquiries customer service + sign in / order history contact us faqs laundry care shipping & return policy return an item purchase gift cards keep in touch sign up and be the first to know about our best deals and new products. sign up thanks for signing up! connect with us ©2018 boll & branch terms of service privacy social media policy (800) 678-3234 sign in to boll & branch llc create a boll & branch llc account reset my password password reset link sent to welcome! thanks for visiting! see you again soon! password reset link sent to didn't receive an email? you might have signed up with another email account. sign up for an account ► log in ►