来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181120091443/https://www.bollandbranch.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | boll & branch get on the list! be the first to know about new collections and insider offers, and get $25 off your first purchase.* sign up you're on the list! thanks for signing up! sweet dreams are ahead. close *minimum purchase of $150 bedding sheet sets duvet covers + shams sheets + pillowcases blankets + quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft linen new percale about our fabrics flannel new shop by product shop by size shop by fabric signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling, supersoft sheets that started it all! made from 100% fair trade certified™ organic cotton. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now floral duvet set 1 colors available solid hemmed duvet cover 4 colors available banded sham 4 colors available fitted sheet 8 colors available flat sheet 8 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available summer basketweave throw 2 colors available waffle blanket 5 colors available heritage quilt set 3 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop signature linen our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. shop linen percale "boll & branch's percale sheets are stellar" - gear patrol percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. shop percale about our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop flannel bedding pillows duvet inserts bath bath sheets bath towels hand towels washcloths bath sets waffle robe bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. made from pure, 100% organic cotton, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. shop now bath sheets these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. shop now bath towels "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." shop now hand towels elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. shop now washcloths your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. shop now bath sets sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. shop now waffle robe a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. shop now bath what's new flannel new chunky knit throw new fall collection new simple stripe sheets pillows new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop now chunky knit throws with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. shop now our fall collection with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now what's new our mission our story why organic cotton a higher standard giving back in the news a different company by design to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage of production, and we take care of all our workers along the way. we built boll & branch to be different. there are no middlemen or secondary markups. we sell a high-quality product at a fair price, and we take care of all our workers along the way. our story since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. learn more why organic cotton? because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. learn more a higher standard at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. learn how boll & branch is not for sale forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. learn more in the news “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider read more our mission sign in help center return policy newsletter our blog newsletter boll-branch_logo search sign in bag 0 bedding sheet sets duvet covers + shams sheets + pillowcases blankets + quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft linen new percale about our fabrics flannel new shop by product shop by size shop by fabric signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling, supersoft sheets that started it all! made from 100% fair trade certified™ organic cotton. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now floral duvet set 1 colors available solid hemmed duvet cover 4 colors available banded sham 4 colors available fitted sheet 8 colors available flat sheet 8 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available summer basketweave throw 2 colors available waffle blanket 5 colors available heritage quilt set 3 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop signature linen our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. shop linen percale "boll & branch's percale sheets are stellar" - gear patrol percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. shop percale about our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop flannel bedding pillows duvet inserts bath bath sheets bath towels hand towels washcloths bath sets waffle robe bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. made from pure, 100% organic cotton, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. shop now bath sheets these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. shop now bath towels "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." shop now hand towels elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. shop now washcloths your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. shop now bath sets sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. shop now waffle robe a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. shop now bath what's new flannel new chunky knit throw new fall collection new simple stripe sheets pillows new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop now chunky knit throws with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. shop now our fall collection with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now what's new our mission our story why organic cotton a higher standard giving back in the news a different company by design to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage of production, and we take care of all our workers along the way. we built boll & branch to be different. there are no middlemen or secondary markups. we sell a high-quality product at a fair price, and we take care of all our workers along the way. our story since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. learn more why organic cotton? because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. learn more a higher standard at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. learn how boll & branch is not for sale forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. learn more in the news “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider read more our mission our blog show all results home / privacy policy | boll & branch boll & branch privacy policy policy effective: december 2, 2013 last updated: december 7, 2016 we have developed this privacy policy (the “privacy policy” or “policy”) to inform you how boll & branch llc, a delaware limited liability company (collectively, “b&b” or the “company” or “we” or “us”) will collect, process, store and/or use information (the “information”), including personally identifiable information, you submit, or we collect from you through the company’s websites, social media channels, and offline activities such as phone calls and emails (the “information”). the internet address for the the company’s websites are located at https://bollandbranch.com, and associated subdomains (the “site”). this policy is governed by united states law. please read it carefully. by using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this policy and accept its terms. you also give your express permission for us to collect, process, store, and use information in accordance with this policy. the company reserves the right to modify or amend this policy at any time, but should it be necessary to do so, will notify you of any material changes to this policy by posting such changes at the site or by other acceptable means. all amended terms will automatically take effect thirty (30) days after we provide such notice, or on a date that we specify in the notice. each version of the policy is identified at the top of the page by its effective date. your continued use of the site after changes have been posted constitutes your acceptance of the policy as amended. if you do not agree to the changes, please do not use the site. information submitted by you information that you provide to us. you may provide us with following information: name, address (shipping and/or billing), email address, telephone number, mobile telephone number, credit card number, user password, and optional information during customer surveys and offers (including gender, age, race, marital status, and number of children). the information referenced in this paragraph that is provided by you is referred to as “provided information.” responsibility for information provided. you are responsible for the content of the provided information and you must ensure it is legal, honest, truthful, accurate and not misleading in any way. you must ensure that the provided information provided by you does not infringe on any rights of any third party (including, without limitation, rights of confidentiality), or is otherwise legally actionable by such third party. no obligation. use of the site is entirely voluntary. submission of provided information does not establish any obligation not listed in this policy. information automatically collected cookies & other technologies. a cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that may be sent to your webbrowser when you visit a website. cookies might be used for the following purposes: (1) to enable certain functions; (2) to provide analytics; (3) to store your preferences; and (4) to enable ad delivery and behavioral advertising. cookies can either be session cookies or persistent cookies. a session cookie expires automatically when you close your browser. a persistent cookie will remain until it expires or you delete your cookies. expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves; some may expire after a few minutes while others may expire after multiple years. cookies placed by the website you’re visiting are sometimes called “first party cookies,” while cookies placed by other companies are sometimes called “third party cookies.” the site uses cookies that are set by us or our third party services. you can reset your browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. however, some features or services of the site may not function properly without enabling cookies. we may also use additional technologies to help track user activities and preferences. the following information may automatically be received and/or collected from you through the site: ip address, browser type, browser language, internet service provider (isp), resource requested, date and time of resource request, and http referring resource (if provided by the browser), operating system, and/or clickstream data. we aggregate this data, and may combine this data with other information we collect about you to better understand how visitors use our site, improving user experience, and to help manage, maintain, and report on use of our website. we also store ip addresses for fraud detection and prevention purposes. behavioral advertising / re-targeting. we partner with third parties to display advertising on our site and manage our advertising on other sites. our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on our site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. if you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here). please note this does not opt you out of being served advertisements. you will continue to receive generic advertisements. social media. the site include social media features and links, and may use social media application programming interfaces (“apis”) for log-in. the social networking site may collect certain information about you. please see the privacy policy for the applicable social networking site to learn more about how these social networking sites share your personal information, which practices may differ from ours. more information. you may learn more about cookies and how to opt out of them by visiting the following third party websites: allaboutcookies.org: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ direct marketing association: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ network advertising initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ do not track signals the site does not alter their practices when it receives do-not-track (“dnt”) signals. at this time, we do not track user personal information over time and across third-party websites. third parties that have services on our site may obtain information about your browsing or usage habits, in accordance with their respective privacy policies. to find out more about dnt, you may wish to visit the following third party website www.allaboutdnt.com. purposes of information collection, processing, and/or use we use information to provide you with a superior experience and, as necessary, to administer our company. we use your information in the following ways: provide you with functionality of the site; administer and manage the company; provide client service and/or marketing products or services; conduct research and perform analysis to measure, maintain, protect, develop, and improve our products or services; administer, enhance, and communicate with you regarding the company’s events, marketing, and advertising; and/or make communications necessary to notify you regarding order confirmations, products, services, market research, requests, marketing, security, privacy, and administrative issues. retention of information we retain information as long as needed and in accordance with any applicable laws. we will retain and use information as necessary as long as your account is active, it was reasonably useful for commercial purposes, and/or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. user choices if you would like to review, delete, or request changes to any of your provided information that is collected through the site, please contact us at the postal address listed at the end of this policy, or at the following email address: privacy@bollandbranch.com. information sharing we may share information as follows or as otherwise described in this policy: with suppliers, business partners, vendors, consultants and other service providers, subsidiairies, and affiliates who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf relating to the site: website operation/hosting or information technology consulting services; website management; data analysis; fraud protection; product customization; customer service, marketing and promotions; data cleansing (if applicable); legal services; and other administrative and back-up and security services. these third parties do not have the right to use information we provide them in any way that is not authorized by us or otherwise disclosed in their privacy policies. in response to a request for information if disclosure is required in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or is otherwise required or permitted by any applicable law, rule or regulation. to comply with any legal obligation. to protect the rights, property, or safety of the company and others, and/or investigate fraud. in connection with any merger, restructuring, reorganization, sale of the company, assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our company to another company, information may be provided to the entities and advisors involved subject to a confidentiality agreement, and we will provide notice to you at your email address on file before information is finally transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. such a transaction may involve us (i) retaining the right to continue to use transferred information in addition to the right of the transferree to use such information, and (ii) engaging in additional transfers of information (including new information) with the transferree from time to time following such a transaction. with others with your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information. your california privacy rights under california civil code section 1798.83, you have the right to ask us not to use disclose your information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes (that is, “opt-out”). if you wish to opt-out of sharing your information with third parties for direct marketing purposes, please send an email to privacy@bollandbranch.com with “opt-out” in the subject line. california residents may request further information about our approach to this law by writing to us at the address listed below and requesting further information. information storage all information, except email, credit card information, and social media log-in is stored on databases and/or servers that are operated by e-commerce vendor shopify. for information stored with shopify, b&b does not know the specific u.s. states or countries in which information is stored. shopify’s privacy policy, which discloses its data practices regarding information collected from merchants and their customers, may be accessed here. email information is stored on databases and/or servers that are operated by vendor bronto. bronto’s privacy policy may be accessed here credit card information is not stored by b&b, but processed and stored by our payment processors. social media log-in information is not stored by b&b. it may be stored by the specific social media site for which it is intended. not intended for international use the site is intended for use within the united states, and is not intended to be used in any other territory. the site may function in countries other than the united states. if you use the site from outside the united states, you explicitly accept that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the united states where laws regarding processing of personal information may differ than the laws of other countries. you are responsible for compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you choose to use the site. you agree not to use the site in any way that is in violation of the law of any country or jurisdiction. you further agree not to use the site from a territory that is embargoed by the united states or from which it is illegal to receive products or services from the united states. you further agree to ensure that the site will not accessed or used by persons on the united states table of denial orders, the entity list, or the list of specially designated nationals. security the company takes appropriate security measures to secure information. for example, access to databases are password protected and restricted to technical users with authorized credentials and personnel on a need-to-know basis. note that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. although we will do our best to protect information, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted through the site. children’s information the site is marketed for, and directed to, purchase by adults or with the consent of adults. individuals under the age of 18 are not permitted to use the site without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. we do not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13, or knowingly allow such persons to use the site. should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has provided information through the site, we will remove that information as soon as possible. if you are under the age of 13, you should use the site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any provided information to us at all. to the extent possible, any information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13 will be destroyed. links to other websites the site may contain links to other websites of interest. once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over other websites. therefore, we will not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide whilst visiting such other websites and such sites are not governed by this policy. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question. terms of use this policy is expressly incorporated into our website terms of use. any dispute between you and us regarding the privacy of your personal information is subject to this policy and our website terms of use, including limitation on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of applicable law. contact questions and requests related to this policy may be directed to the postal address listed below, at the following email address: privacy@bollandbranch.com. we will respond to such requests in accordance with applicable law. mailing address:boll & branchc/o privacy332 springfield avenuesummit, new jersey 07901 contact us (800) 678-3234 help@bollandbranch.com about boll & branch + our story in the news reviews giving back our blog careers press inquiries customer service + sign in / order history contact us faqs laundry care shipping & return policy return an item purchase gift cards keep in touch sign up and be the first to know about our best deals and new products. sign up thanks for signing up! connect with us ©2018 boll & branch terms of service privacy social media policy (800) 678-3234 sign in to boll & branch llc create a boll & branch llc account reset my password password reset link sent to welcome! thanks for visiting! see you again soon! password reset link sent to didn't receive an email? you might have signed up with another email account. sign up for an account ► log in ►