来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181120091443/https://www.bollandbranch.com/products/gift-card
================================================================================

gift cards | luxury bedding & home decor | boll & branch get on the list! be the first to know about new collections and insider offers, and get $25 off your first purchase.* sign up you're on the list! thanks for signing up! sweet dreams are ahead. close *minimum purchase of $150 bedding sheet sets duvet covers + shams sheets + pillowcases blankets + quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft linen new percale about our fabrics flannel new shop by product shop by size shop by fabric signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling, supersoft sheets that started it all! made from 100% fair trade certified™ organic cotton. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now floral duvet set 1 colors available solid hemmed duvet cover 4 colors available banded sham 4 colors available fitted sheet 8 colors available flat sheet 8 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available summer basketweave throw 2 colors available waffle blanket 5 colors available heritage quilt set 3 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop signature linen our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. shop linen percale "boll & branch's percale sheets are stellar" - gear patrol percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. shop percale about our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop flannel bedding pillows duvet inserts bath bath sheets bath towels hand towels washcloths bath sets waffle robe bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. made from pure, 100% organic cotton, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. shop now bath sheets these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. shop now bath towels "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." shop now hand towels elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. shop now washcloths your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. shop now bath sets sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. shop now waffle robe a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. shop now bath what's new flannel new chunky knit throw new fall collection new simple stripe sheets pillows new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop now chunky knit throws with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. shop now our fall collection with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now what's new our mission our story why organic cotton a higher standard giving back in the news a different company by design to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage of production, and we take care of all our workers along the way. we built boll & branch to be different. there are no middlemen or secondary markups. we sell a high-quality product at a fair price, and we take care of all our workers along the way. our story since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. learn more why organic cotton? because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. learn more a higher standard at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. learn how boll & branch is not for sale forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. learn more in the news “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider read more our mission sign in help center return policy newsletter our blog newsletter boll-branch_logo search sign in bag 0 bedding sheet sets duvet covers + shams sheets + pillowcases blankets + quilts baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft linen new percale about our fabrics flannel new shop by product shop by size shop by fabric signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling, supersoft sheets that started it all! made from 100% fair trade certified™ organic cotton. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now floral duvet set 1 colors available solid hemmed duvet cover 4 colors available banded sham 4 colors available fitted sheet 8 colors available flat sheet 8 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available summer basketweave throw 2 colors available waffle blanket 5 colors available heritage quilt set 3 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop signature linen our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. our airy, breathable linen sheet set is the softest linen you’ve ever felt. made from the finest european flax, our linen bedding will keep you cool while giving your summer bed a cozy, relaxed look. shop linen percale "boll & branch's percale sheets are stellar" - gear patrol percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. shop percale about our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop flannel bedding pillows duvet inserts bath bath sheets bath towels hand towels washcloths bath sets waffle robe bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. made from pure, 100% organic cotton, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. shop now bath sheets these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. shop now bath towels "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." shop now hand towels elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. shop now washcloths your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. shop now bath sets sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. shop now waffle robe a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. a plush, springy texture makes this limited edition organic cotton waffle robe wonderfully soft and inviting. oversized and cozy, it's meant to cover you from head to toe. shop now bath what's new flannel new chunky knit throw new fall collection new simple stripe sheets pillows new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop now chunky knit throws with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. with a texture that is reminiscent of your favorite sweater, this throw blanket is generously sized with hand-finished details to keep you cozy on those crisp days and chilly nights. shop now our fall collection with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! with the temperatures dropping, it's time to start layering your bed for the season. shop all of our fall favorites! shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now what's new our mission our story why organic cotton a higher standard giving back in the news a different company by design to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage of production, and we take care of all our workers along the way. we built boll & branch to be different. there are no middlemen or secondary markups. we sell a high-quality product at a fair price, and we take care of all our workers along the way. our story since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. learn more why organic cotton? because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. learn more a higher standard at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. learn how boll & branch is not for sale forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. forced labor and human trafficking is all too common in the textiles industry, and we're proud to work with the not for sale organization to eradicate these problems. learn more in the news “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider read more our mission our blog show all results home / digital gift card digital gift card reviews process inspiration shop now digital gift card digital gift card digital gift card $50 - $500 amount select a amount $50 $100 $150 $200 $250 $300 $400 $500 arrow created with sketch. 1 + - add to bag add to bag about the product digital gift cards are sent immediately to you by email (to the email address entered at checkout). when you’re ready to give your gift, simply forward the email you receive to the recipient—and write a personalized note!—or print it out and slip it into a greeting card of your choice. and there you have it, a thoughtful gift in a jiff! free shipping and free returns boll & branch is pleased to offer free ground shipping for u.s. customers. if you are unsatisfied with your purchases for any reason, you can return them within 30 days for a full refund. what's included digital gift card reviews see all digital gift card reviews our process we don't do what's easy. we do what's right. to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage, starting from the ground up. our farming partners plant organic cotton seeds and use pest-repelling marigolds instead of dangerous insecticides. then fair trade factory workers—who are paid triple the industry standard—spin that organic cotton into the softest fabrics. these go to our new jersey headquarters, where we test prototype after prototype until we are satisfied. at the end of this process is you, sleeping soundly knowing your bedding was ethically made and rooted in quality. the cotton plant is made of a boll and a branch. it all starts here. get inspired shop the look @fashionablehostess shop the look @lisadieder shop the look contact us (800) 678-3234 help@bollandbranch.com about boll & branch + our story in the news reviews giving back our blog careers press inquiries customer service + sign in / order history contact us faqs laundry care shipping & return policy return an item purchase gift cards keep in touch sign up and be the first to know about our best deals and new products. sign up thanks for signing up! connect with us ©2018 boll & branch terms of service privacy social media policy (800) 678-3234 sign in to boll & branch llc create a boll & branch llc account reset my password password reset link sent to welcome! thanks for visiting! see you again soon! password reset link sent to didn't receive an email? you might have signed up with another email account. sign up for an account ► log in ► size guide arrow created with sketch. sheeting duvet covers & shams pillows and duvet inserts blankets & quilts towels apparel sizing for: flat sheets fitted sheets pillowcases bed size flat sheets w x l (in) fitted sheets w x l x d (in) pillowcases w x l (in) twin 69 x 100 39 x 75 x 15 standard 21 x 32 twin xl 72 x 114 39 x 80 x 17 full 92 x 100 54 x 75 x 17 queen 96 x 114 60 x 80 x 17 king with standard pillowcases 114 x 114 76 x 80 x 17 king 114 x 114 76 x 80 x 17 king 21 x 41 split king 114 x 114 39 x 80 x 17 (x2) california king 108 x 114 72 x 84 x 17 crib 27.5 x 52 quilts w x l (in) twin 74 x 91 full/queen 96 x 96 king/cali. king 112 x 96 bed blankets w x l (in) twin 74 x 91 full/queen 96 x 96 king/cali. king 112 x 96 baby w x l (in) blanket 30 x 40 throws w x l (in) cable knit 50 x 70 herringbone duvet covers full/queen king/cal. king w x l (in) 88 x 92 106 x 92 please note our duvet cover is sized smaller than our duvet inserts for an ample, luxurious look! sham sizes w x l (in) lumbar 12 x 24 standard 20 x 26 king 20 x 36 euro 26 x 26 shams quick guide lumbar12 x 24 standard20 x 26 king20 x 36 euro26 x 26 duvet insert full/queen king/cal. king w x l (in) 94 x 98 112 x 98 please note our duvet insert is sized larger than our duvet covers for an ample, luxurious look! pillow standard king w x l (in) 20 x 28 20 x 36 towel sizes w x l (in) bath sheets 36 x 70 bath towels 30 x 58 hand towels 20 x 30 washcloths 13 x 13 beach towels 40 x 70 towels quick guide bath sheet36 x 70 bath towel30 x 58 hand towels20 x 30 washcloths13 x 13 waffle bath robe size dimensions overall length (neck to hem) chest width shoulder to shoulder sleeve length unisex s 48 in. 21 in. 18.5 in. 19 in. unisex m 49.5 in. 23 in. 20 in. 20 in. unisex l 51 in. 25 in. 21.5 in. 21 in. unisex xl 52.5 in. 27 in. 23 in. 22 in. down or down alternative? the gold standard— plush and lightweight responsibly sourced down from an indiana farm; triple-washed for the cleanest-ever down and feathers; three-chamber construction for supportive softness. lofty, hypoallergenic down alternative mimics the luxurious feel of down; filled with primaloft, an eco-friendly material developed for the u.s. army; 100% allergen-free. should i choose soft or medium-firm? soft best for stomach sleepers so your head isn't too propped up, or if you're a back sleeper and like your head to sit lower. medium-firm best for side sleepers so your head doesn't tilt down, or for back sleepers that like their heads more elevated.