来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181120091443/https://www.bollandbranch.com/pages/our-story
================================================================================

making the best organic cotton sheets in the world: our story – boll & branch get on the list! be the first to know about new collections and insider offers, and get $25 off your first purchase.* sign up you're on the list! thanks for signing up! sweet dreams are ahead. close *minimum purchase of $150 bedding sheet sets sheet separates pillowcases pillows & pillow protectors duvet covers & shams duvet inserts pillow & duvet insert set bed blankets & quilts throw blankets baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft percale flannel new about our fabrics shop by product shop by size shop by fabric flannel pillowcase set 14 colors available banded pillowcase set 4 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available flannel duvet set 4 colors available solid hemmed duvet cover 3 colors available banded sham 4 colors available cable knit throw 4 colors available chunky knit throw 4 colors available basketweave throw 1 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available bedding the mattress bath & home bath sheets bath towels hand towels washcloths bath sets flannel pajamas hats & scarves bath & home what's new mosaic tile collection the pickstitch blanket pewter duvetcover & shams pillow & duvet insert set pop of pattern room what's new our mission our impact our story why organic cotton a higher standard in the news our mission sign in help center return policy newsletter our blog newsletter boll-branch_logo search sign in bag 0 bedding sheet sets sheet separates pillowcases pillows & pillow protectors duvet covers & shams duvet inserts pillow & duvet insert set bed blankets & quilts throw blankets baby california king king king with standard cases split king queen full twin xl twin signature soft percale flannel new about our fabrics shop by product shop by size shop by fabric signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling, supersoft sheets that started it all! made from 100% fair trade certified™ organic cotton. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now sheet separates want to mix and match? our fitted sheets and flat sheets are sold separately so you can customize and create the bedding look of your dreams. want to mix and match? our fitted sheets and flat sheets are sold separately so you can customize and create the bedding look of your dreams. shop now flannel pillowcase set 14 colors available banded pillowcase set 4 colors available solid hemmed pillowcase set 9 colors available pillows & protectors experience the difference of an expertly engineered pillow. available in down and down alternative fills, our pillow is carefully crafted to provide maximum support and softness. protect its 100% organic cotton shell and keep it supportive with a perfectly-sized pillow protector. experience the difference of an expertly engineered pillow. available in down and down alternative fills, our pillow is carefully crafted to provide maximum support and softness. protect its 100% organic cotton shell and keep it supportive with a perfectly-sized pillow protector. shop pillows flannel duvet set 4 colors available solid hemmed duvet cover 3 colors available banded sham 4 colors available duvet inserts it's like sleeping inside a cloud... only better! our meticulously crafted all-season duvet inserts are covered in pure, 100% organic cotton and filled to perfection with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. it's like sleeping inside a cloud... only better! our meticulously crafted all-season duvet inserts are covered in pure, 100% organic cotton and filled to perfection with sustainably sourced down or down alternative. shop now bedding sets turn your bed into a comfortable, soft sanctuary by starting with our not-so-basic basics. all of the organic, ethical, and thoughtfully-designed craftsmanship you've come to expect from boll & branch, now in convenient bedding sets. turn your bed into a comfortable, soft sanctuary by starting with our not-so-basic basics. all of the organic, ethical, and thoughtfully-designed craftsmanship you've come to expect from boll & branch, now in convenient bedding sets. shop now bed blankets and quilts whether it's a soft and cozy blanket or our heirloom-quality quilt, our versatile layers don't just add warmth to your bed, they add style. whether it's a soft and cozy blanket or our heirloom-quality quilt, our versatile layers don't just add warmth to your bed, they add style. shop now cable knit throw 4 colors available chunky knit throw 4 colors available basketweave throw 1 colors available crib sheet 3 colors available baby blanket 7 colors available baby gift set 7 colors available signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft sheets the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop now signature soft the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. the bestselling sheets that started it all. beloved by hundreds of thousands, including three u.s. presidents, these 100% organic cotton sheets start out soft and only get softer with time. shop signature percale "boll & branch's percale sheets are stellar" - gear patrol percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. percale fabric is cool and crisp, structured yet lightweight. (like your favorite button-down shirt!) all the cool crispness of hotel sheets with a dose of sleep-in comfort. shop percale 2018 flannel collection woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! woven from organic cotton in a family-owned mill in portugal, our flannel will keep you warm for years to come. shop all of our new patterns and colors today! shop flannel about our fabrics comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. comfort isn’t one-size-fits-all. some people like to sleep warm; others like to sleep cool. some want cozy, soft sheets; others prefer a classic, crisp feel. learn more about our fabrics, and choose the one that makes you the most comfortable. learn more bedding the mattress bath & home bath sheets bath towels hand towels washcloths bath sets flannel pajamas hats & scarves bath collection made from pure, 100% organic cotton and loomed in our renowned ultra-low-twist weave, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. made from pure, 100% organic cotton, our towels set new standards for softness and durability. shop now bath sheets these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. these extra large bath sheets are bigger than you've ever seen before—45% bigger than normal towels, and 100% pure luxury. shop now bath towels "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." "these towels are excellent quality, dry quickly and are very absorbent. very pleased with this product and will recommend them." shop now hand towels elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. elevate your hand-drying experience with the softest 100% organic cotton hand towels. shop now washcloths your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. your skin is delicate and permeable. care for it with soft, pure, organic cotton washcloths. shop now bath sets sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. sets include 2 bath towels or bath sheets, a pair of hand towels, and a pair of washcloths. shop now flannel pajamas our beloved, luxe flannel is now wearable! perfect for cuddling up on chilly winter nights. our beloved, luxe flannel is now wearable! perfect for cuddling up on chilly winter nights. shop now chunky knit accessories it's like wearing our chunky knit throw! these cozy accessories are sure to be favorites for years to come. it's like wearing our chunky knit throw! these cozy accessories are sure to be favorites for years to come. shop now bath & home what's new mosaic tile collection the pickstitch blanket pewter duvetcover & shams pillow & duvet insert set pop of pattern room new arrivals all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. all made with as much love and care as our first set of sheets. shop now what's new at boll & branch this just in! shop our recent arrivals to find new, super soft products for your home. this just in! shop our recent arrivals to find new, super soft products for your home. shop now mosaic tile collection our new mosaic tile collection is the perfect subtle pattern for both modern and traditional bedrooms. ideal for mixing and matching, the geometric-inspired design was hand-painted by an artisan in india. our new mosaic tile collection is the perfect subtle pattern for both modern and traditional bedrooms. ideal for mixing and matching, the geometric-inspired design was hand-painted by an artisan in india. shop now the pickstitch blanket the new pickstitch blanket is made with uniquely thick yarns and is garment-washed for a soft, luxurious feel. style it on top of your bed by itself in lieu of a quilt or as a multi-seasonal layer. the new pickstitch blanket is made with uniquely thick yarns and is garment-washed for a soft, luxurious feel. style it on top of your bed by itself in lieu of a quilt or as a multi-seasonal layer. shop now pewter hemmed duvet cover & shams the solid hemmed duvet cover with matching shams is the perfect way to upgrade your bed. sized perfectly to fit our duvet insert and made with organic cotton, you'll love the super soft and lustrous fabric. the solid hemmed duvet cover with matching shams is the perfect way to upgrade your bed. sized perfectly to fit our duvet insert and made with organic cotton, you'll love the super soft and lustrous fabric. shop now pillow & duvet insert set our new pillow & duvet insert set is just what you need to maximize your bed's comfort. available in down and down alternative and encased in organic cotton, the set even comes with pillow protectors (on us!). our new pillow & duvet insert set is just what you need to maximize your bed's comfort. available in down and down alternative and encased in organic cotton, the set even comes with pillow protectors (on us!). pop of pattern the new mosaic tile collection features a geometric-inspired pattern that's perfect for every room. layer with our pickstitch blanket for a beautiful, texture-rich bed. the new mosaic tile collection features a geometric-inspired pattern that's perfect for every room. layer with our pickstitch blanket for a beautiful, texture-rich bed. shop now what's new our mission our impact our story why organic cotton a higher standard in the news a different company by design to make heirloom-quality products, we had to rethink the system. we are thoughtful about every stage of production, and we take care of all our workers along the way. we built boll & branch to be different. there are no middlemen or secondary markups. we sell a high-quality product at a fair price, and we take care of all our workers along the way. our impact today and every day, we promise to keep people at the heart of our business, from the farmers who grow our cotton to the person who sleeps in our sheets at night. today and every day, we promise to keep people at the heart of our business, from the farmers who grow our cotton to the person who sleeps in our sheets at night. learn about our impact our story since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. since our launch in 2014, boll & branch has proudly been a force of change for good in the home textiles industry. learn more why organic cotton? because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. because it makes an incredible economic and ecological difference in the developing world. boll & branch is proud to be the largest consumer of fair trade organic cotton in the world today. learn more a higher standard at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. at boll & branch, fair trade isn’t merely a label. treating everyone fairly—from the farmers who pick our cotton to the factory workers who perfect every last stitch—is the core of who we are and why we’re different. learn how in the news “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider “as for the most luxurious sheets i’ve used, that title has to go to boll & branch…they’re luxurious in every sense of the word—soft to the touch, thoughtfully designed, and premium in their looks.” -business insider read more our mission our blog show all results home / our story we planted a seed of change to create the best sheets in the world. see how how it all began boll & branch was founded in 2014 with a simple mission: produce sheets that feel good, inside and out. after coming up empty-handed to questions about the quality and origin of an in-store bed sheet, scott and missy tannen realized they were onto something; so, they began to dig. what they unearthed was an industry that needed change. “we decided to reshape the textiles industry from the ground up.” - scott tannen the approach traceable supply chain thoughtful craftsmanship high quality design differentiated values traceable supply chain traceable supply chain by selling directly online to the consumer, we eliminate the cost of the middleman and retail space, saving you money and ensuring you’re purchasing nothing but the highest quality blankets, bedding and bath. we go a step further by tracing back to the origin of our cotton, so you and your family feel confident knowing our products are authentic, pure and chemical-free. thoughtful craftsmanship thoughtful craftsmanship the boll & branch seal means more than just meticulous craftsmanship. it means economic opportunity for the farmers and factory workers that dedicate their lives to the cultivation and manufacturing of cotton textiles. it means each product was made with respect for the human and environmental resources that make it possible. thoughtful craftsmanship means we’ve given a nameless, faceless commodity a heart. we don’t do what’s easy.we do what’s right. high quality design high quality design since its inception, boll & branch has directly sourced the world’s finest organic cotton and re-engineered every design for a better-end product of heirloom quality. each detail is highly intentional—from the tension of the thread to the diameter of the yarn and the type of dye used. “we sweat the small stuff so our customers don’t have to.” – missy tannen we don’t do what’s easy.we do what’s right. from seed to sew, see what makes us different seed we've planted the seed of change in a conventional world, so that you and your family can feel good about our products, inside and out stem we stem from a motivation that we're disrupting the cotton industry for good, even though the right way isn't the easy way stand we stand behind the quality of our products, knowing that we have perfected every detail root we're rooted in transparency, and pride ourselves on a supply chain that has nothing to hide make your home a better place shop sheets shop blankets & throws shop towels contact us (800) 678-3234 help@bollandbranch.com about boll & branch + our story in the news reviews giving back trade collective our blog careers press inquiries style guide our retail store world leader in fair trade organic cotton customer service + sign in / order history contact us faqs laundry care shipping & return policy limited warranty return an item purchase gift cards keep in touch sign up and be the first to know about our best deals and new products. sign up thanks for signing up! connect with us ©2019 boll & branch terms of service privacy social media policy (800) 678-3234 sign in to boll & branch llc create a boll & branch llc account reset my password password reset link sent to welcome! thanks for visiting! see you again soon! password reset link sent to didn't receive an email? you might have signed up with another email account. sign up for an account ► log in ►