来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201224074714/https://www.bollandbranch.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | boll & branch skip to content free comfort essentials kit with $250+ | code: cozy20 about us stores bedding bedding made with uncompromising quality. sheet sets sheet separates pillowcase sets duvet sets blankets & quilt sets pillows duvet inserts shams & decorative pillows baby limited edition sets sheet sets sheet separates pillowcase sets duvet sets blankets & quilt sets pillows duvet inserts shams & decorative pillows baby limited edition sets collections & inspiration matelassé master summer essentials percale tailored collection eyelet collection classic hemmed sheet set mattress made from the best materials on earth. the mattress the mattress topper the mattress protector the mattress the mattress topper the mattress protector the mattress our mattress is handmade from all-natural, nontoxic materials. a wide variety of sleepers find its medium-firm support the most comfortable they’ve ever tried. bath wrap yourself in plush, absorbent luxury. all bath bath sets bath towels bath sheets hand towels washcloths waffle shower curtain plush bath mat beach towels all bath bath sets bath towels bath sheets hand towels washcloths waffle shower curtain plush bath mat beach towels collections spa bath collection plush bath collection bathroom accessories plush bath collection apparel & gifts apparel & gifts at every price point. women's waffle robe comfort essentials kit gifts under $150 gifts under $250 baby gift sets digital gift cards women's waffle robe comfort essentials kit gifts under $150 gifts under $250 baby gift sets digital gift cards women's waffle robe our plush, super-springy waffle weave is highly absorbent right out of the shower, and perfectly comfy for that spa-day feeling, all year long. best sellers shop our favorites. all best sellers classic hemmed collection plush bath collection organic sheet sets down pillow duvet inserts all best sellers classic hemmed collection plush bath collection organic sheet sets down pillow duvet inserts classic hemmed sheet set new arrivals shop what's new. all new arrivals percale tailored sheet sets spa bath collection herringbone stripe bed blanket all new arrivals percale tailored sheet sets spa bath collection herringbone stripe bed blanket new arrivals these fresh new styles in our favorite, four-season organic cotton are a welcome, instant refresh for your bedroom. about us stores login / create an account your cart buy more, save more subtotal shipping free proceed to checkout your shopping bag is currently empty bedding mattress bath continue shopping quick add view details color: size: select size to add to cart added to cart suggested terms classic hemmed sheet set flannel pillow privacy policy policy effective: december 2, 2013 last updated: january 1, 2020 we have developed this privacy policy (the “privacy policy” or “policy”) to inform you how boll & branch llc, a delaware limited liability company (collectively, “b&b” or the “company” or “we” or “us”) will collect, process, store and/or use information (the “information”), including personally identifiable information, you submit, or we collect from you through the company’s websites, social media channels, and offline activities such as phone calls, emails, or in person (the “information”).  the internet address for the the company’s websites are located at https://bollandbranch.com, and associated subdomains (the “site”). this policy is subject to our terms of service (accessible at https://www.bollandbranch.com/pages/terms-of-service) which are incorporated herein by reference.  please read it carefully.  by using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this policy and accept its terms.  you also give your express permission for us to collect, process, store, and use information in accordance with this policy. the company reserves the right to modify or amend this policy at any time, but should it be necessary to do so, will notify you of any material changes to this policy by posting such changes at the site or by other acceptable means.  all amended terms will automatically take effect thirty (30) days after we provide such notice, or on a date that we specify in the notice.  each version of the policy is identified at the top of the page by its effective date.  your continued use of the site after changes have been posted constitutes your acceptance of the policy as amended.  if you do not agree to the changes, please do not use the site. information submitted by you information that you provide to us.  you may provide us with following information: name, address (shipping and/or billing), email address, telephone number, mobile telephone number, credit card number, user password, and optional information during customer surveys and offers (including gender, age, race, marital status, and number of children).  the information referenced in this paragraph that is provided by you is referred to as “provided information.” responsibility for information provided.  you are responsible for the content of the provided information and you must ensure it is legal, honest, truthful, accurate and not misleading in any way.  you must ensure that the provided information provided by you does not infringe on any rights of any third party (including, without limitation, rights of confidentiality), or is otherwise legally actionable by such third party. no obligation.  use of the site is entirely voluntary.  submission of provided information does not establish any obligation not listed in this policy. information automatically collected cookies & other technologies.  a cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that may be sent to your web browser when you visit a website.  cookies might be used for the following purposes: (1) to enable certain functions; (2) to provide analytics; (3) to store your preferences; and (4) to enable ad delivery and behavioral advertising. cookies can either be session cookies or persistent cookies.  a session cookie expires automatically when you close your browser.  a persistent cookie will remain until it expires or you delete your cookies.  expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves; some may expire after a few minutes while others may expire after multiple years.  cookies placed by the website you’re visiting are sometimes called “first party cookies,” while cookies placed by other companies are sometimes called “third party cookies.” the site uses cookies that are set by us or our third party services.  you can reset your browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  however, some features or services of the site may not function properly without enabling cookies.  we may also use additional technologies to help track user activities and preferences. the following information may automatically be received and/or collected from you through the site: ip address, browser type, browser language, internet service provider (isp), resource requested, date and time of resource request, and http referring resource (if provided by the browser), operating system, and/or clickstream data.  we aggregate this data, and may combine this data with other information we collect about you to better understand how visitors use our site, improving user experience, and to help manage, maintain, and report on use of our website.  we also store ip addresses for fraud detection and prevention purposes. behavioral advertising / re-targeting.  we partner with third parties to display advertising on our site and manage our advertising on other sites.  our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on our site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.  if you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking the link in the footer of this page and following the instructions.  please note this does not opt you out of being served advertisements.  you will continue to receive generic advertisements. social media.  the site include social media features and links, and may use social media application programming interfaces (“apis”) for log-in.  the social networking site may collect certain information about you.  please see the privacy policy for the applicable social networking site to learn more about how these social networking sites share your personal information, which practices may differ from ours. more information.  you may learn more about cookies and how to opt out of them by visiting the following third party websites: allaboutcookies.org: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ direct marketing association: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ network advertising initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ do not track signals the site does not alter their practices when it receives do-not-track (“dnt”) signals.  at this time, we do not track user personal information over time and across third-party websites.  third parties that have services on our site may obtain information about your browsing or usage habits, in accordance with their respective privacy policies.  to find out more about dnt, you may wish to visit the following third party website www.allaboutdnt.com. purposes of information collection, processing, and/or use we use information to provide you with a superior experience and, as necessary, to administer and manage the operations of our company.  we use your information in the following ways: provide you with functionality of the site; administer and manage the operations of our company; provide client service and/or marketing products or services; conduct research and perform analysis to measure, maintain, protect, develop, and improve our products or services; administer, enhance, and communicate with you regarding the company’s events, marketing, and advertising; and/or make communications necessary to notify you regarding order confirmations, products, services, market research, requests, marketing, security, privacy, and administrative issues. retention of information we retain information as long as needed and in accordance with any applicable laws. we will retain and use information as necessary as long as your account is active, it was reasonably useful for commercial purposes, and/or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. user choices if you would like to review, delete, or request changes to any of your provided information that is collected through the site, please contact us at the postal address listed at the end of this policy, at the following email address: privacy@bollandbranch.com, or by clicking the link in the footer of this page and following the instructions. information sharing we may share information as follows or as otherwise described in this policy: with suppliers, business partners, vendors, consultants and other service providers, subsidiaries, and affiliates who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf relating to the site: website operation/hosting or information technology consulting services; website management; data analysis; fraud protection; product customization; customer service, marketing and promotions; data cleansing (if applicable); legal services; and other administrative and back-up and security services. these third parties do not have the right to use information we provide them in any way that is not authorized by us or otherwise disclosed in their privacy policies. in response to a request for information if disclosure is required in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or is otherwise required or permitted by any applicable law, rule or regulation. to comply with any legal obligation. to protect the rights, property, or safety of the company and others, and/or investigate fraud. in connection with any merger, restructuring, reorganization, sale of the company, assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our company to another company, information may be provided to the entities and advisors involved subject to a confidentiality agreement, and we will provide notice to you at your email address on file before information is finally transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. such a transaction may involve us (i) retaining the right to continue to use transferred information in addition to the right of the transferree to use such information, and (ii) engaging in additional transfers of information (including new information) with the transferree from time to time following such a transaction. with others with your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information. your california privacy rights the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”) provides california consumers specific rights concerning their personal information, including, the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell. this section describes your rights and how you may exercise those rights as well as describes how we and third parties handle your personal information. you or your authorized agent can request: 1) a disclosure of your personal information we collect, use, disclose, or sell; 2) to delete your personal information we collect, or maintain; and 3) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. if you choose to submit a request through an authorized agent, we will require proof that the authorized agent has your written permission to submit a request on your behalf. additionally, we may require you to verify your identity with us through the verification process detailed below. if you choose to exercise these rights, we will not discriminate against you because of it. however, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the ccpa that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. any ccpa-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and will be described to you in writing. participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time. you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you: the categories of personal information we collected about you. the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you. if we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. you also have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request to delete, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. you may submit a request to know or request to delete, free of charge, online through our interactive webform (accessible by clicking the link in the footer of this page and following the instructions), through our toll-free number at 1-800-678-3234, or in person at one of our retail locations. note that for requests to delete, we will require you to separately confirm that you want your personal information deleted. to verify your identity, we require you provide your name and email or your email, an order number for your most recent purchase, your billing or shipping address for your most recent order, and/or the products purchased in your most recent order. for some requests, we may also require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. once submitted, you will receive an email within 10 days that we will use to verify your identity and provide confirmation of your request. we will respond to your request to know or request to delete within 45 days from the day we receive the request. if necessary, we may extend the time period to a maximum total of 90 days from the day we receive the request. in such case, you will receive an email notifying you of the extension and explaining the reason for the extension. any disclosure in response to a request to know will cover the 12-month period preceding the business’s receipt of the request and will be delivered in a readily useable format, by mail or electronically at the consumer’s option. your request to know or request to delete may be denied for any reason allowable under the ccpa. for example, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you. comply with a legal obligation. make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it or any other purpose permitted by the ccpa. similarly, we may deny requests: for specific pieces of personal information if the disclosure creates a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of that personal information, your account with us, or the security of our systems or networks. to access or delete information that is de-identified. if your identity cannot be verified to a degree of certainty required by the ccpa. from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on the consumer’s behalf. if you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to opt-out from a sale of your personal information. we do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is between 13 and less than 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. to exercise the right to opt-out, you may submit a request at through the interactive webform (accessible by clicking the link in the footer of the page and following the instructions) or through our toll-free number at 1-800-678-3234 we will act upon your request no later than 15 days from the date we received the request. note that we may deny a request to opt-out if we have a good-faith, reasonable, and documented belief that the request is fraudulent. once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. however, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by clicking the link in the footer of this page and following the instructions. we collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer (“personal information”). in particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months: category examples collected a. identifiers. a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers yes b. personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e)). a name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. yes c. protected classification characteristics under california or federal law. age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). yes d. commercial information. records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. yes e. biometric information. genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. no f. internet or other similar network activity. browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. yes g. geolocation data. physical location or movements. no h. sensory data. audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. no i. professional or employment-related information. current or past job history or performance evaluations. no j. non-public education information (per the family educational rights and privacy act (20 u.s.c. section 1232g, 34 c.f.r. part 99)). education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. no k. inferences drawn from other personal information. profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. yes we may obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: directly from you or your agent. indirectly from you or your agent. for example, through cookies and other automated technologies. directly and indirectly from activity on our websites. we may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: provide you with functionality of the site; administer and manage the company; provide client service and/or marketing products or services; conduct research and perform analysis to measure, maintain, protect, develop, and improve our products or services; administer, enhance, and communicate with you regarding the company’s events, marketing, and advertising; and/or make communications necessary to notify you regarding order confirmations, products, services, market research, requests, marketing, security, privacy, and administrative issues. to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. as described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the ccpa. to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred. in the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed and/or sold personal information to third parties for a commercial or business purpose, as authorized under applicable law. we do not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative consent. in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed and sold the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: category a:        identifiers. category b:        california customer records personal information categories. category c:        protected classification characteristics. category d:        commercial information. category f:        internet or other similar network activity. category k:        inferences drawn from other personal information. we disclose and sell your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: our affiliates and subsidiaries. vendors, consultants, and suppliers. third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you. information storage all information, except email, credit card information, and social media log-in is stored on databases and/or servers that are operated by e-commerce vendor shopify.  for information stored with shopify, b&b does not know the specific u.s. states or countries in which information is stored.  shopify’s privacy policy, which discloses its data practices regarding information collected from merchants and their customers, may be accessed here. email information is stored on databases and/or servers that are operated by our vendors iterable, netsuite, and google.  iterable's privacy policy may be accessed here, netsuite’s privacy policy may be accessed here, and google’s privacy policy may be accessed here. credit card information is not stored by b&b, but processed and stored by our payment processors. social media log-in information is not stored by b&b.  it may be stored by the specific social media site for which it is intended. not intended for international use the site is intended for use within the united states, and is not intended to be used in any other territory.  the site may function in countries other than the united states.  if you use the site from outside the united states, you explicitly accept that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the united states where laws regarding processing of personal information may differ than the laws of other countries.  you are responsible for compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you choose to use the site. you agree not to use the site in any way that is in violation of the law of any country or jurisdiction.  you further agree not to use the site from a territory that is embargoed by the united states or from which it is illegal to receive products or services from the united states.  you further agree to ensure that the site will not accessed or used by persons on the united states table of denial orders, the entity list, or the list of specially designated nationals. security the company takes appropriate security measures to secure information.  for example, access to databases are password protected and restricted to technical users with authorized credentials and personnel on a need-to-know basis.  note that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  although we will do our best to protect information, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted through the site. children’s information the site is marketed for, and directed to, purchase by adults or with the consent of adults.  individuals under the age of 18 are not permitted to use the site without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. we do not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13, or knowingly allow such persons to use the site.  should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has provided information through the site, we will remove that information as soon as possible. if you are under the age of 13, you should use the site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any provided information to us at all.  to the extent possible, any information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13 will be destroyed. links to other websites the site may contain links to other websites of interest.  once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over other websites.  therefore, we will not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide whilst visiting such other websites and such sites are not governed by this policy.  you should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question. terms of use this policy is expressly incorporated into our website terms of use.  any dispute between you and us regarding the privacy of your personal information is subject to this policy and our website terms of use, including limitation on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of applicable law. consumers with disabilities to request this policy in an alternative format, please reach out to us at the contact information provided below. contact questions and requests related to this policy may be directed to the postal address listed below, at the following email address: privacy@bollandbranch.com.  we will respond to such requests in accordance with applicable law. mailing address: boll & branch llc attn: privacy officer one prospect street summit, new jersey 07901 9673688.3 sign up for our emails arrow icon instagram logo terms of service privacy policy social media policy © 2019 all rights reserved about about us careers stores trade our blog boll & branch promos reviews helping from home impact report gift cards customer service live chat shipping & return policy contact us faq mattress faq return an item limited warranty mattress warranty claim official promotion rules data collection preferences this website does not support your version of internet explorer. to get the best possible experience, please open a newer version of the following web browsers open google chrome open microsoft edge