来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201224074714/https://www.bollandbranch.com/pages/faqs
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | help center | boll & branch skip to content last chance! order now  to get gifts in time for christmas. 00 d : 00 h : 00 m : 00 s details last chance! order now  to get gifts in time for christmas. 00 d : 00 h : 00 m : 00 s details new arrivals sheets shop by category sheet sets sheet separates pillowcases baby shop by material flannel velvety & breathable signature cloud-weight & super-soft percale smooth, cool & crisp sheet sets bedding shop by category sheets pillowcases duvet & quilt sets bed blankets & throws shams & decorative pillows baby bedding essentials all bedding essentials duvet inserts pillows mattress mattress protector mattress topper shop by material flannel velvety & breathable signature cloud-weight & super-soft percale smooth, cool & crisp inspiration calm & cozy pewter wintry white bedroom cheerful colorblock classic holiday flannel soft shore plaid flannel bath shop by category all bath bath towels bath mats shower curtains flannel robes shop by collection plush bath collection spa bath collection bath towels mattress gifts gifting gift guide best sellers wrapped & ready luxury gifts gift sets cozy favorites gifts by price gifts under $75 gifts under $150 digital gift cards email a gift card gifts inspiration new arrivals sheets sheets shop by category sheet sets sheet separates pillowcases baby shop by material flannel velvety & breathable signature cloud-weight & super-soft percale smooth, cool & crisp bedding bedding shop by category sheets pillowcases duvet & quilt sets bed blankets & throws shams & decorative pillows baby bedding essentials all bedding essentials duvet inserts pillows mattress mattress protector mattress topper shop by material flannel velvety & breathable signature cloud-weight & super-soft percale smooth, cool & crisp inspiration calm & cozy pewter wintry white bedroom cheerful colorblock classic holiday flannel soft shore plaid flannel bath bath shop by category all bath bath towels bath mats shower curtains flannel robes shop by collection plush bath collection spa bath collection mattress gifts gifts gifting gift guide best sellers wrapped & ready luxury gifts gift sets cozy favorites gifts by price gifts under $75 gifts under $150 digital gift cards email a gift card inspiration login create account customer service your cart buy more, save more subtotal shipping free proceed to checkout your shopping bag is currently empty bedding mattress bath continue shopping quick add view details color: size: select size to add to cart added to cart suggested terms signature hemmed sheet set flannel pillow customer service faq mattress faq contact us return center shipping & return policy faqs about us what is the inspiration behind the name boll & branch? think about it from the ground up. cotton is a soft, delicate fiber that grows in a ‘boll’—the protective case surrounding the cotton seed—and an extension of the supportive ‘branch.’ we have always committed to supporting and protecting organic cotton farmers in the developing world who have been marginalized and extorted by big name corporations for generations. metaphorically speaking, the boll does for the cotton seed as we strive to do for those who dedicate their lives to the farming and crafting of organic cotton. the cotton boll and branch are the foundation of our company, and everything we are able to do begins in the simplest form of the cotton plant. read our blog entry for more information! where are your products made? we searched the globe near and far in search of the best cotton, and ended up finding what we were looking for in orissa, india. our sateen and towel products are made with sustainable practices in india by people who earn respect and fair wages for their work, which means your business supports economic opportunity to a special group of cotton growers who have historically been underserved by big business. our flannel products are made sustainably in portugal by expert artisans who have mastered the tradition of flannel manufacturing and design, and the cotton used to create flannel originates from turkey. learn more about where our products are made by reading our blog entry! what are the benefits of organic cotton? we’re glad you asked! switching to organic cotton has a number of benefits for you, your family and your global neighbors. the environmental effects are astounding: farmers are able to grow cotton without the use of harmful chemicals and pesticides, preventing seepage and contamination into the groundwater that is so essential to the health and safety of local communities. this also means that you and your family can have a truly peaceful sleep, knowing that our products are pure, grown naturally and provide opportunity for so many people. three cheers for a feel-good sleep, inside and out! is your packaging eco-friendly? when you invest in our thoughtfully-made products, you receive the whole package! like our textile products, our packaging is eco-friendly and sustainably-produced. our white gift boxes are made without the use of laminations that prevent conventional boxes from being recycled. with a 100% recycled board, aqueous varnish and water-based adhesives, recycled contents make up more than 80% of each box. in addition to using recycled materials, we produce our boxes in a socially and environmentally focused factory, which is sa8000 certified, an accreditation for social accountability in the workplace. our products what does thread count mean, and why does it matter? thread count is simply the industry’s standard measurement of the number of vertical and horizontal threads contained within one square inch of fabric. thread count isn’t necessarily an accurate indicator of fabric quality, nor it doesn’t ensure that you’re purchasing the safest or softest option. at boll & branch, we take thread count, softness, breathability, and sustainability into consideration to create the highest quality sheets for you and your family—you’re welcome! read our blog entry for more information. what thread count are boll & branch sheets? our signature sateen sheets are woven to a 300 thread count, delivering a breathability and softness that will instantly make them your go-to bedding. because we use ultra-premium single-ply organic cotton to create them, our sheets have an optimal balance of lightweight feel, softness, durability and quality. in short: they’re designed to be the softest, most comfortable sheets you will ever sleep in! you can read more on thread count by visiting our blog entry! what is a sateen weave? remember this: many factors affect the final result of the look and feel of a bed sheet. our sateen sheets are made with the characteristic four-over-one-under weave to achieve a super soft, silk and luxurious finish, while maintaining a balanced breathability. you can learn more about our sateen weave by reading our blog entry. do you offer fabric swatches? yes, we send swatches anywhere within the us. please contact our dream team at help@bollandbranch.com, and we'd be glad to send you one! how deep are your fitted sheets? all our fitted sheets have a 17-inch deep pocket. they also come with a full elastic banding that’s sewn around the edge for a little extra flexibility, ensuring a generous fit over even the deepest mattresses. see? every detail really does matter to us! do boll & branch sheets wrinkle? as with all of our products, we like to let nature run its course. this is why your 100% organic sheets may wrinkle more easily than conventional “wrinkle resistant” bed sheets that have been soaked with harsh chemicals or waxes. don’t worry, bedding perfectionists can still iron! check out our laundry care guide for more information! can i add a gift note to my order? of course! but remember, gift notes must be added at the time of purchase. to add a gift note, scroll over the shopping bag in the top right hand corner and click, “add a gift note.” after entering your note, please save your changes by clicking, “save note.” if you have any difficulty with this process, please contact customer experience at (800) 678-3234 before checkout.if you want to add a gift note after completing your order, please contact customer experience within 15 minutes of the purchase. because we pack and ship your orders as quickly as possible to ensure the fastest delivery to your home, we cannot guarantee that a gift note can be added after purchase. do you offer gift wrapping on orders? for our sheet sets and throw blankets blankets, customers have the option to select our celebrated white gift box at no additional cost, while the remainder of our products come in an equally beautiful presentation. please note that flannel sheet sets do not have the option come in our signature white gift box. we do not offer additional gift wrapping services, because we’re sure your gift recipient will adore our signature packaging! do i need to wash my sheets before using? our sheets are shipped to you oversized to account for the slight, natural shrinkage that will occur after their necessary first wash. why is this important? because our production process is free of any harmful chemical sizing agents like formaldehyde or other laundering practices to pre-shrink the final product. we avoid those steps to remain true to our organic certified standards—and minimize the environmental impact of production by using less water, heat and other additives. if your sheets fit looser in the beginning, rest assured that after the first couple of washes your sheets will have the perfect fit. what products are included in a sheet set? our sheet sets include a fitted sheet, flat sheet, and pillowcases. twin and twin xl sheet sets include 1 standard pillowcase. full, queen and king w/ std. cases sheet sets include 2 standard pillowcases. king and california king sheet sets include 2 king pillowcases. split king sheet sets include 2 king pillowcases and 2 fitted sheets. orders can i use a discount code when purchasing a gift card? no, discounts are only valid on physical merchandise sold. since gift cards are monetary sums, we do not offer discounts on cash values. how do i edit my cart? to edit your cart on desktop, please follow the steps below. 1. mouse over your shopping bag in the top right-hand corner of your screen, and click "view my bag."2. once in your bag, you can remove an item altogether or decrease/increase the quantity of the item.3. if you wish to add additional items to your cart, click "home" in the left-hand corner of the screen.4. if you are ready to pay and do not need to add any additional items to your cart, select "checkout." to edit your cart on mobile or tablet, please follow the steps below. 1. click on the shopping bag at the top right-hand corner of the screen2. scroll to the bottom of the screen, and select “return to bag”3. once in your bag, you can either remove an item altogether or decrease/increase the quantity of the item.4. if you would like to add additional items to your cart click “home” at the top of your screen.5. if you are ready to pay and do not need to add any additional items to the cart, click "checkout." how can i cancel an order? to cancel your order, please contact customer experience at (800) 678-3234 within 5 minutes of checking out. because we pack and ship your orders quickly to make sure you can enjoy them as soon as possible, cancellations are not guaranteed and can only be made during business hours m–f, 9am–5pm est. if we are unable to cancel your order in the allotted time, please go to www.bollandbranch.com/returns once you receive your package to start the easy return process. how do i place an order as a gift order? when checking out online, there will be an option to click "gift message." from there you will be able to write the gift note for your order. please note, all of our packages come with an invoice indicating the product ordered without price.if you have forgotten to add a gift note, please contact customer experience at (800) 678-3234 within the first 15 minutes of placing your order. we will be happy to help you! payment how do i apply a coupon to an order? coupon codes can be applied at checkout on the right-hand side of the screen. only one coupon code is allowed per order. if you forget to add your coupon code at checkout, don’t worry. our customer experience team is more than happy to help. just click here to send them a note! if i entered the wrong billing address, what should i do? please contact our customer experience team at (800) 678-3234 and we will correct this for you as soon as possible! why is my credit card charged upon order placement? your security is our priority! as a policy, boll & branch does not store any credit card information and, therefore, we must charge credit cards at the time of ordering. of course, orders can be cancelled before shipment for a full refund. will i be charged sales tax? for customers in alabama, arizona, arkansas, california, colorado, connecticut, florida, georgia, hawaii, idaho, illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, kentucky, louisiana, maine, maryland, massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, mississippi, missouri, nebraska, nevada, new jersey, new mexico, new york, north carolina, north dakota, ohio, oklahoma, pennsylvania, rhode island, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee, texas, utah, vermont, virginia, washington, washington d.c., west virginia, wisconsin and wyoming, state sales tax will apply. sales tax will be calculated and reflected in your order summary at checkout, after the shipping address has been entered. seller has collected the simplified sellers use tax on taxable transactions delivered into alabama and the tax will be remitted on the customer’s behalf to the alabama department of revenue. seller’s program account number is ssu-r010246527. returns what is your return policy? we make exceptional products and fully stand behind their quality. you can return your item within 30 days of delivery and receive a full refund in the original payment form. if payment was made using a gift card along with another form of payment, the refund will be first applied back onto the gift card. any remaining credit will be applied to the secondary form of payment.once your return is delivered to our warehouse, please allow 5-10 business days for it to be processed and refunded. at this time, we are offering ups return labels exclusively for all returns. boll & branch does not accept returns on gift cards or international purchases. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. how do i exchange? unfortunately at this time, we do not take exchanges. you can simply return your item and repurchase the item of your choosing. how do i return a gift? we hope you love your gift though we know sometimes you need to make a change! if you need to return an item received as a gift, have your gift receipt ready, which includes the order number, the delivery address zip code, your name and your email. you will need these to begin the gift return process. to start your return process as a gift recipient, please click here. for gift recipients, please be aware you will receive store credit in the form of a digital gift card once your return has been processed. do you charge for return shipping? absolutely not! we make things easy for you by offering free returns within the u.s. please review our returns policy for further details. how do i return an item i purchased? to return any item(s) from your order, please follow these easy steps below:enter your email address and order number, and click "start return."follow the onscreen instructions and select the order that contains the item(s) you wish to return.scroll through the list of products and click the checkbox at the far right to return an item(s). please ensure that all items you wish to return are checked!click “complete my return”.download and print the ups shipping label.repack your items and packing list in original packaging as best as possible.drop off at the nearest ups drop box. click here to start your return.is there a restocking fee for returns? no, we do not charge a restocking fee for any returns received within 30 days. who do i contact if i have questions about a return? for answers to any questions, please call the boll & branch customer experience team at 800-678-3234 or email help@bollandbranch.com between 9am and 5pm, monday through friday. we’ll be happy to help and will reach out within 2 business days of receiving your request. laundry care laundry care for sheeting and duvet sets - machine wash cold with like colors - gentle cycle - do not bleach - tumble dry low - warm iron as needed laundry care for pillows and duvet inserts - wash as needed (infrequently) in cold water on gentle cycle - tumble dry on low—it might take 2-3 cycles - do not iron or steam laundry care for towels - machine wash cold with like colors - gentle cycle - do not bleach - tumble dry medium and remove promptly - watch out for skincare products, they can fade or spot the towels laundry care for bed blankets - machine wash cold with like colors - gentle cycle - do not bleach - tumble dry medium and remove promptly laundry care for quilts - wash quilt separately, with no other items, in cold water on gentle cycle - tumble dry on medium heat laundry care for throw blankets - wash throws in cold water - tumble dry low to remove dampness, then lay flat to air dry - after air drying, place back in the dryer for a few minutes to soften the fibers helpful tips - to avoid lint build up, wash sheets and towels separately - to maintain the quality of the fibers, don't use fabric softeners - shake linens between washing and drying to minimize wrinkles - avoid bleach and bleach alternatives to avoid discoloration - choose a liquid detergent for the best results color descriptions what is the difference between natural and ivory colors? our natural color option is untouched and undyed cotton that will show the beautiful “freckles,” or remnants of cotton seeds. our ivory color, on the other hand, is dyed a solid, creamy, off-white color. you can learn more about natural vs. ivory in our blog entry! international shipping so you want us to ship outside the usa, eh? we’re so excited to share boll & branch with our continental neighbors! unfortunately at this time, we will only ship internationally to canada—stay tuned for other countries as we continue to expand our reach. shipping, duties and taxes there will be a flat-rate shipping fee of $50 at the time of purchase, and all items are not eligible for returns. your package will ship via ups worldwide with two-day shipping, pending customs clearance. upon delivery, you will be charged an additional amount for duty per product and tax by province. the initial amount listed at checkout will not include the additional taxes and fees. for more information on duty and tax requirements, contact your local customs office or tax agency. sign up for our emails arrow icon instagram logo terms of service privacy policy social media policy © 2020 all rights reserved about about us careers stores trade our blog boll & branch promos reviews helping from home impact report gift cards customer service live chat shipping & return policy contact us faq mattress faq return an item limited warranty mattress warranty claim official promotion rules data collection preferences this website does not support your version of internet explorer. to get the best possible experience, please open a newer version of the following web browsers open google chrome open microsoft edge