来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231184650/https://www.bollandbranch.com/pages/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy | boll & branch skip to main content about us stores get 15% off, early access to sales, styling tips & more sign up for emails get 15% off, early access to sales, styling tips & more sign up for emails about us stores sheets sheets shop by category sheet sets fitted & flat sheets pillowcases & shams bedding bundles shop by material signature uniquely soft percale ultra-refined reserve rare & silky flannel velvety & breathable linen light & airy chambray relaxed & stonewashed bedding bedding shop by category sheet sets duvet sets quilt sets pillowcases & shams bed blankets & throws bedding bundles all bedding bedding essentials pillows duvet inserts the mattress mattress toppers pillow protectors all bedding essentials get inspired our favorite looks bedding layering guide complimentary design consultations pillows & inserts pillows & inserts bedding inserts pillows duvet inserts pillow protectors all bedding inserts mattress & accessories the mattress mattress toppers all mattress & accessories bundles bundles bath bath shop by category bath towels bath bundles bath mats shower curtains robes all bath shop by collection plush velvety soft, dense spa refreshingly light, channeled waffle terry light & springy, dual-sided decor decor shop by category throw blankets & decorative pillows candles & diffusers rugs mattress featured the waffle blanket aran knit collection alpaca collection new arrivals new arrivals new arrivals bedding & bath bundles lightweight bed blankets bedding essentials all new arrivals featured cloud covers linen collection bedding layering guide gifts gifts gift guide top gifts housewarming gifts wrapped & ready gifts for newlyweds gift cards digital gift card gift card sale sale privacy policy privacy policy policy effective: december 2, 2013 last updated: august 25, 2022we have developed this privacy policy (the “privacy policy” or “policy”) to inform you how boll & branch llc, a delaware limited liability company (collectively, “b&b” or the “company” or “we” or “us”) will collect, process, store and/or use personal information, including personally identifiable information, you submit, or we collect through the company’s websites, social media channels, and offline activities such as phone calls, emails, or in person (the “personal information”). the internet address for the company’s websites are located at https://bollandbranch.com, and associated subdomains (the “site”).this policy is subject to our terms of service (accessible at https://www.bollandbranch.com/pages/terms-of-service) which are incorporated herein by reference. please read it carefully. by using the site, you understand and are accepting the practices described in this policy and accept its terms. you also give your express permission for us to collect, process, store, and use personal information in accordance with this policy. the company reserves the right to modify or amend this policy at any time to reflect changes in our personal information practices, but should it be necessary to do so, will notify you and/or request your express consent, if required, of any material changes to this policy by posting such changes at the site or by other acceptable means. all amended terms will automatically take effect thirty (30) days after we provide such notice, or on a date that we specify in the notice. each version of the policy is identified at the top of the page by its lasted updated date. your continued use of the site after changes have been posted constitutes your acceptance of the policy as amended, unless additional consent is required under applicable law. if you do not agree to the changes, please do not use the site. collection and use of personal information personal information that you provide to us. you may provide us with following personal information: name, address (shipping and/or billing), email address, telephone number, mobile telephone number, credit card number, user password, optional information during customer surveys and offers (including optional demographic information such as gender, age, race, marital status, and number of children for the purpose of tailored marketing communications) and any information you provide when you communicate with us). further information about our practices is described below: create an account: you are not required to create an account to access or use our site. if you choose to create an account on our site to make checkout fast and easy, we collect your email address and a password you create in order to create and administer your account. we also save your order history in your account, as well as any optional profile information you provide in our profile survey. we use this information in order to provide the best possible site experience for you and for our legitimate interests, i.e., to be as efficient as we can to deliver the best service for you at the best price. we strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. if you become aware of any unauthorized access to or use of your account, you are required to notify us immediately. online purchases: if you make a purchase on the site, we collect your email address, first and last name, shipping addresses, phone number (optional in case we need to contact you about your order), any gift note you provide, and your payment information (including billing address, credit card number, expiry date and cvv/cvc code) in order to process the transaction. if you purchase a gift card, we collect the name and email address of the gift recipient in order to deliver the gift card by email on your behalf. if you place items in your online cart without completing your transaction, if you have provided consent to do so, we may send you an email to remind you. marketing communications: if you sign up to receive our marketing emails or we otherwise have your consent, we will collect and use your email address to send you emails about new products, special offers and other information. if you consent to behavioral advertising, as described below, these marketing emails may be of interest to you based on your purchases and interests. if you no longer wish to receive these communications, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of the newsletter. alternatively, you can opt-out of receiving our newsletter by contacting us at the contact information under “contact us” below. please note that you may continue to receive certain transactional or account-related communications from us, such as your receipt or online order confirmation. we may also use services provided by third-party platforms (such as social networking and other websites) to serve tailored advertisements on such platforms to you or others and we may provide a hashed version of your email address or other information to the platform provider for such purposes. to opt-out of the sharing of your information for such purposes, please contact us at [email protected] design consultations: if you request a complimentary design consultation, we collect your name, phone number, email address and information about your interests, style and goals. we also collect any photos you upload of the room or bed you would like help with. we use this information to provide you with a complimentary design consultation by phone or video. contests and promotions: when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion, we may collect your name, address, email address, phone number, and any additional information or content required for the contest or promotion (such as information you post on social media). we use this information to administer your participation in the contest or promotion, including prize fulfillment. as part of a contest or promotion, we may obtain your consent to share or otherwise publish the content you submit. contacting us: when you contact us with a comment, question or complaint or complete our customer service form online, you may be asked for information that identifies you, such as your name, address and a telephone number, photos, along with additional information we need to help us promptly answer your question or respond to your comment. we may retain this information to assist you in the future and to improve our customer service and service offerings.personal information automatically collected: we also use cookies and other technologies to collect personal information automatically through your use of the site as described in the section entitled “information automatically collected.” responsibility for personal information provided. you are responsible for the content of the personal information and you must ensure it is legal, honest, truthful, accurate and not misleading in any way. you must ensure that the personal information provided by you does not infringe on any rights of any third party (including, without limitation, rights of confidentiality), or is otherwise legally actionable by such third party. if you provide us with personal information about a third party, you are responsible for ensuring that you have authority to provide such information to us. information sharing we may share personal information as follows or as otherwise described in this policy:- with suppliers, business partners, vendors, consultants, affiliates and other service providers, subsidiaries, and affiliates who need access to such information to provide services on our behalf including: website operation/hosting or information technology consulting services; website management; data analysis; fraud protection; product customization; customer service, marketing and promotions; data cleansing (if applicable); legal services; and other administrative and back-up and security services. these third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide them in any way that is not authorized by us. our service providers may be located in the u.s., canada or other foreign jurisdictions.- in response to a request for information if disclosure is required in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or is otherwise required or permitted by any applicable law, rule or regulation (which may include lawful access by us or foreign courts, law enforcement or other government authorities).- to comply with any legal obligation.- to protect the rights, property, or safety of the company and others, and/or investigate fraud.- in connection with any merger, restructuring, reorganization, sale of the company, assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our company to another company, personal information may be provided to the entities and advisors involved subject to a confidentiality agreement, and we will provide notice to you at your email address on file before personal information is finally transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. with others with your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.information automatically collected cookies & other technologies. a cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that may be sent to your web browser when you visit a website. cookies might be used for the following purposes: (1) to enable certain functions; (2) to provide analytics; (3) to store your preferences; and (4) to enable ad delivery and behavioral advertising.cookies can either be session cookies or persistent cookies. a session cookie expires automatically when you close your browser. a persistent cookie will remain until it expires or you delete your cookies. expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves, some may expire after a few minutes while others may expire at a later time. cookies placed by the website you’re visiting are sometimes called “first party cookies,” while cookies placed by other companies are sometimes called “third party cookies.” the site uses cookies that are sent by us or our third party services. the use of cookies and other technology, described below, allows us to make our site more responsive to your needs by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. we use these cookies to identify you as a valid user, to ensure that no one else can sign on simultaneously with your account from another computer and to help us serve you better based on your registration preferences. we may also use cookies to help us facilitate any promotions or surveys that we provide. you can reset your browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. by changing your preferences, you can accept all cookies, you can be notified when a cookie is set, or you can reject all cookies. if you do so and cookies are disabled, you may be required to re-enter your information more often and certain features of our site may be unavailable.the following information may automatically be received and/or collected from you through the site: ip address, browser type, browser language, internet service provider (isp), resource requested, date and time of resource request, and http referring resource (if provided by the browser), operating system, and/or clickstream data. we aggregate this data, and may combine this data with other information we collect about you to better understand how visitors use our site, improving user experience, and to help manage, maintain, and report on use of our website. we also store ip addresses for fraud detection and prevention purposes. analytics: we may use a third party such as google analytics to help us gather and analyze information about the areas visited on the site (such as the pages most read, time spent, search terms and other engagement data) in order to evaluate and improve the user experience and the website. these third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies. for more information about google analytics or to prevent the storage and processing of this data (including your ip address) by google, you can download and install the browser plug-in available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. you can also obtain additional information on google analytics’ data privacy and security at the following links: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites and https://support.google.com/analytics/topic/2919631 more information. you may learn more about cookies and how to opt out of them by visiting the following third party website:allaboutcookies.org: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/interest-based advertising / re-targeting we partner with third parties such as ad networks and other advertising companies to display advertising on our site and manage our advertising on other sites. our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies and pixel tags to gather information about your activities on our site and other sites (such as web pages you visit and your interaction with our advertising and other communications) in order to make predictions about your preferences and provide you with tailored advertising across the internet based upon your browsing activities and interests. this information may also be used to evaluate the effectiveness of our online advertising campaigns. our use of personal information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes constitutes the “sharing” of personal information under the california consumer privacy act of 2018. if you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking the link in the footer of this page and following the instructions. please note this does not opt you out of being served advertisements. you will continue to receive generic advertisements from us, but the ads will not be targeted based on behavioural information about you and may therefore be less relevant to you and your interests.for more information about interest-based advertising and to understand your options, including how you can opt-out of receiving ads from third-party advertising companies participating in the digital advertising alliance of canada, please visit the digital advertising alliance of canada website at http://youradchoices.ca/choices, the digital advertising alliance at http: //www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the network advertising initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/to successfully opt out, you must have cookies enabled in your web browser (see your browser’s instructions for information on cookies and how to enable them). your opt-out only applies to the web browser you use so you must opt-out of each web browser on each computer you use. once you opt out, if you delete your browser’s saved cookies, you will need to opt-out again. social media. the site include social media features, plug-ins and links, and may use social media application programming interfaces (“apis”) for log-in. the social networking site may collect certain personal information about you, such as your name, username, email address, , and/or profile picture, and you may allow us to have access to certain personal information associated with your social media account (e.g., name, username, email address, profile picture) for the purpose of providing the social media feature on our site. please see the privacy policy for the applicable social networking site to learn more about how these social networking sites share your personal information, which practices may differ from ours. do not track signalsthe site does not alter their practices when it receives do-not-track (“dnt”) signals. to find out more about dnt, you may wish to visit the following third party website www.allaboutdnt.com. to opt-out of interest-based advertising, please see the section “interest-based advertising” above. purposes of information collection, processing, and/or usewe use information to provide you with a superior experience and, as necessary, to administer and manage the operations of our company. we use your personal information in the following ways: - provide you with functionality of the site; - provide client service and/or marketing products or services; - conduct research and perform analysis to measure, maintain, protect, develop, and improve our products or services; - administer, enhance, and communicate with you regarding the company’s events, marketing, and advertising; and/or - make communications necessary to notify you regarding order confirmations, products, services, market research, requests, marketing, security, privacy, and administrative issues.retention of informationwe retain information as long as needed and in accordance with any applicable laws. we will retain and use personal information as necessary as long as your account is active, it was reasonably useful for commercial purposes, and/or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.user choices and rightsdepending on your jurisdiction, you may have the right to access, update, delete and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, subject to limited exceptions under applicable law. if you would like to access, review, delete, or request changes to any of your personal information that is in our control, please contact us at the postal address listed at the end of this policy, at the following email address: [email protected], or by clicking the link in the footer of this page and following the instructions.your california privacy rightsif you are a california resident, you may have certain additional privacy rights. visit our privacy policy for california residents page for more information. your nevada privacy rights under nevada law, certain nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “covered information” for monetary consideration. in the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed and sold the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: - identifiers - protected classification characteristics - commercial information - internet or other similar network activity - inferences drawn from other personal information if you are a nevada resident who has purchased goods from us, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales by sending a request to [email protected] with “nevada opt-out” in the subject line. please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. once verified, we will maintain your request in the event our practices change. personal information storageall personal information, except email, credit card information, and social media log-in is stored on databases and/or servers that are operated by e-commerce vendor shopify. personal information stored with shopify may be stored in the us or other countries. shopify’s privacy policy, which discloses its data practices regarding information collected from merchants and their customers, may be accessed here. email information is stored on databases and/or servers that are operated by our vendors iterable, netsuite, and google. iterable's privacy policy may be accessed here, netsuite’s privacy policy may be accessed here, and google’s privacy policy may be accessed here. credit card information is not stored by b&b, but processed and stored by our payment processors. social media log-in information is not stored by b&b. it may be stored by the specific social media site for which it is intended.not intended for use outside us and canadathe site is intended for use within canada and the united states, and is not intended to be used in any other territory. the site may function in countries other than canada and the united states. if you use the site from outside either canada or the united states, you explicitly accept that your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the united states where laws regarding processing of personal information may differ than the laws of other countries. you are responsible for compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you choose to use the site.securitythe company takes appropriate security measures to secure personal information. for example, access to databases are password protected and restricted to technical users with authorized credentials and personnel on a need-to-know basis. note that the transmission of personal information via the internet is not completely secure. although we will do our best to protect personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information transmitted through the site.children’s informationthe site is marketed for, and directed to, purchase by adults or with the consent of adults. individuals under the age of 18 (or the age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence, if different) are not permitted to use the site without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13, or knowingly allow such persons to use the site. should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has personal information through the site, we will remove that personal information as soon as possible. if you are under the age of 13, you should use the site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information to us at all. to the extent possible, any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13 will be destroyed.links to other websitesthe site may contain links to other websites of interest. once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over other websites. therefore, we will not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide whilst visiting such other websites and such sites are not governed by this policy. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question.terms of use this policy is expressly incorporated into our website terms of service. any dispute between you and us regarding the privacy of your personal information is subject to this policy and our website terms of use, including limitation on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of applicable law.consumers with disabilitiesto request this policy in an alternative format, please reach out to us at the contact information provided below.contactquestions and requests related to this policy or the manner in which we or our service providers (including our service providers outside of canada) treat your personal information, or to request access to our collection of your personal information may be directed to the privacy officer at the postal address listed below, at the following email address: [email protected] we will respond to such requests in accordance with applicable law.mailing address: boll & branch llc attn: privacy officer one prospect street summit, new jersey 07901 terms of service privacy policy social media policy official promotion rules about about us reviews stories trade collective careers impact report store locations customer service contact us faq returns shipping & return policy design consultations gift cards fabric swatches laundry care live chat do not sell my information cookie settings your bag 0 item | $0 close your shopping bag is currently empty sheet sets bedding essentials duvet sets continue shopping gifting this order? add a gift note 0/250 save note close