来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171229080850/http://www.patagonia.com/customer-service-faqs.html
================================================================================

patagonia customer service - faq free shipping on orders over $75 more close patagonia provisionsshop real food worn wearshop used gear the cleanest lineour blog sign up for patagonia emails thanks for signing up! frequently asked questions customer service company info returns & repairs recycling careers product care international orders order status contact us corporate sales team & event sales pro program press ironclad guarantee 1% for the planet patagonia shop collections new arrivals exclusives workwear micro puff hoody fair trade certified recycled wool outerwear recycled cashmere holiday ideas sport climbing ski/snowboarding surfing fly fishing trail running mountain biking men's new jackets & vests fleece sweatshirts & hoodies sweaters shirts t-shirts snow & alpine pants pants & jeans shorts board shorts baselayers socks & underwear wetsuits waders & gear hats & accessories women's new jackets & vests fleece sweatshirts & hoodies sweaters shirts t-shirts dresses & skirts activewear & yoga snow & alpine pants pants & jeans shorts baselayers socks & underwear wetsuits waders & gear hats & accessories kids' & baby babies & toddlers boys girls packs & gear sleeping bags black hole™ bags backpacks laptop bags messengers, slings & totes duffel & travel bags technical packs water bottles & more web specials men's women's kids' & baby books stories that inspire dvds gift cards always the right size inside patagonia our mission: build the best product, cause no unnecessary harm, use business to inspire and implement solutions to the environmental crisis. environmental & social responsibility the activist company environmental impact supply chain: the footprint chronicles sport climbing ski/snowboarding surfing fly fishing trail running mountain biking our blog company info careers our history our stores environmental grants and support 2017 environmental grantees granted the new localism materials & technologies our ambassadors the cleanest line climbing ski/snowboarding surfing fly fishing trail running mountain biking ambassadors our mission statement environmental & social responsibility the footprint chronicles 2017 environmental grantees granted the new localism the cleanest line - blog materials & technologies company history stores search our mission: build the best product, cause no unnecessary harm, use business to inspire and implement solutions to the environmental crisis. environmental & social responsibility the activist company environmental impact supply chain: the footprint chronicles sport climbing ski/snowboarding surfing fly fishing trail running mountain biking our blog company info careers our history our stores environmental grants and support 2017 environmental grantees granted the new localism materials & technologies our ambassadors the cleanest line climbing ski/snowboarding surfing fly fishing trail running mountain biking ambassadors our mission statement environmental & social responsibility the footprint chronicles 2017 environmental grantees granted the new localism the cleanest line - blog materials & technologies company history stores my account sign in / sign up order status customer service frequently asked questions contact us returns & repairs shipping information customer service frequently asked questions contact us returns & repairs shipping information my account sign in / sign up order status search find a store near you shop main menu men's shop new jackets & vests fleece sweatshirts & hoodies sweaters shirts t-shirts snow & alpine pants pants & jeans shorts board shorts baselayers socks & underwear wetsuits waders & gear hats & accessories women's shop new jackets & vests fleece sweatshirts & hoodies sweaters shirts t-shirts dresses & skirts activewear & yoga snow & alpine pants pants & jeans shorts baselayers socks & underwear wetsuits waders & gear hats & accessories kids' & baby shop babies & toddlers boys girls packs & gear shop sleeping bags black hole™ bags backpacks laptop bags messengers, slings & totes duffel & travel bags technical packs water bottles & more web specials shop men's women's kids' & baby books shop stories that inspire dvds gift cards shop always the right size collections main menu new arrivals exclusives micro puff hoody fair trade certified recycled wool outerwear recycled cashmere holiday ideas sport main menu climbing ski/snowboarding surfing fly fishing trail running mountain biking inside patagonia main menu company info careers inside patagonia our mission statement company history careers ironclad guarantee 1% for the planet ambassadors environmental & social responsibility the footprint chronicles environmental grants and support 2017 environmental grantees granted the new localism the cleanest line - blog materials & technologies stores social customer service main menu help customer service frequently asked questions call us anytime email us order status shipping information contact us returns & repairs recycling product care international orders corporate sales team & event sales pro program my account main menu sign in sign up order status added to cart checkout continue shopping your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. frequently asked questions patagonia returns & exchanges does patagonia offer exchanges? due to fluctuating inventory levels, we are unable to offer direct exchanges. the most efficient way to ensure you get the item you are looking for is to return your purchase for a refund to the original form of payment and place a new order on patagonia.com. this will guarantee you get the item, color and size you need before we sell out. if you need help with the replacement order, please contact customer service. we are happy to help you with a seamless transaction and any questions you may have. what is your return policy? we do not set a time limit on returns, though we ask that returns for fit or color be made in a timely manner and that items be kept in new condition with tags attached. we accept both current season and discounted items for return. items purchased from a patagonia retailer or authorized dealer that are new with tags attached can be returned with the return form and receipt for merchandise credit. what is your ironclad guarantee? we guarantee everything we make. if you are not satisfied with one of our products at the time you receive it, or if one of our products does not perform to your satisfaction, return it to the store you bought it from or to patagonia for a repair, replacement or refund. damage due to wear and tear will be repaired at a reasonable charge. how do i return my item? we offer a $5 flat rate return shipping label that includes tracking and insurance. this cost will be deducted from your refund or credit. you can set up your return and purchase this by heading to our returns and repairs page and clicking “start my return.” you’ll need to create a patagonia.com account or log in to your existing account to get started. after completing this process, you’ll be provided with a printable return shipping label along with a return packing slip to include in your package. if you’d prefer to return the item with a shipping method of your choice, please fill out and enclose the bottom portion of your original invoice or fill out and include our returns form with a copy of your receipt. we recommend sending your package with a shipping method that provides tracking and insurance as patagonia is not responsible for lost packages. can i return items to a patagonia store? absolutely! use our store locator to find a patagonia-owned retail store near you. just bring your order number, invoice and original method of payment. please note: patagonia stores cannot refund orders purchased with paypal; instead, a merchandise credit will be issued. if you wish to have your paypal refunded, please follow the return process found on the returns and repairs page. be advised: authorized dealers like rei, dick’s sporting goods, etc. cannot accept returns of items purchased on patagonia.com. how do i return my waders? we stand behind everything we make, including our waders. if you are not completely satisfied with your waders at the time of purchase you are welcome to send them in for return. we ask that waders returned for size or fit are in new condition with tags attached. get started on our returns and repairs page. if your waders fail due to construction or material defects, you are welcome to send them in for warranty evaluation. we are not responsible for normal wear and tear, nor accidents such as the occasional run-in with thorns or barbed wire. we promise to evaluate your waders thoroughly and fairly, and ask that you do the same if your waders have worked hard for you and earned their retirement. if you’d like to send your waders for a warranty evaluation, get started on the returns and repairs page. you can also download our wader warranty brochure or at home wader repair guide for more warranty and care information. how do i return my wetsuit? we stand behind everything we make, including our wetsuits. however, wetsuits require care if they are going to perform and wear the way they were intended. patagonia is not responsible for wetsuits that are abused or show normal wear and tear over time. scratches and fading are inevitable, as are tears from the occasional close call with a fin. please note that we are unable to accept wetsuits as returns for fit issues once they have been used in the water. download our wetsuit warranty guide to make a wetsuit warranty claim or for more information. how do i return my patagonia footwear? we are not able to repair patagonia footwear; however, all patagonia products are covered under our ironclad guarantee. if you feel your patagonia footwear has not held up to your standards, please visit our returns and repairs page for more information on how to send items in for warranty evaluation. how long will it take for my return to be processed? we do our best to completely process returns within 7 business days of the date they arrive. during high traffic periods, it can take up to 14 business days for a return to be processed. please note: depending on your bank, refunds may take 3–7 business days to appear on your account. how do i return a gift? not quite what you wanted? you can return any patagonia item you received as a gift for merchandise credit that can be redeemed at patagonia.com and patagonia-owned retail stores. we just ask that the item be in new condition with tags attached. get started on the returns and repairs page and be sure to mark your item as a “gift.” returns not marked as a gift will be credited to the original buyer. to ensure you are credited the correct amount, please include the original order number and any receipt information you may have with the returns form. gifts returned without purchase information will be credited for the last known sale price of the item. shipping info how long will it take for my order arrive? delivery times can vary depending on the shipping method selected in checkout and the destination of your package. if you selected our free shipping option, please note that it can take up to 10 business days to arrive. faster shipping options are available during checkout; please see our shipping information page for full details and transit times. also, please be aware that weather, shipping holidays, peak shipping seasons and incorrect billing information can delay the shipment of your order. what are your shipping rates? we offer a variety of shipping options to suit your timeline, each with a corresponding rate. for specific details and information on our shipping options, check out our shipping information page. can i ship internationally? we encourage all customers to shop for patagonia gear within their country or locale. you can view stores or dealers near you by entering your location on our store locator page or changing your country with our country of origin tool. if you are not able to find the item you are looking for locally and would like to ship from the u.s., please visit our international orders information page to find out if we are able to ship to you. shipping rates for international locales can vary; see our shipping information page for full details. please note that duties, taxes and fees are the responsibility of the recipient and will be due at the time of delivery. how do i track my order? you will be emailed the tracking number shortly after your order ships. to track your package, follow the tracking link in your email or input your tracking number into the carrier’s website. patagonia repairs how do i get my item repaired? we’re happy to look at any patagonia item that needs repair to see if it’s something we can fix. if you have a recent order number and would like to purchase our $5 flat rate shipping label, you can get the process started on our returns and repairs page. if you are missing your order information, or if the item you are sending in for repair was purchased from an authorized patagonia retailer, please download our printable repair form and follow the instructions to send in your repair. we recommend choosing shipping that includes tracking and insurance as patagonia is not responsible for packages lost in the mail. you may also drop off your item for repair at any official patagonia retail store, marked in orange on our store locator map. lastly, if you’re feeling crafty, you can also check out our diy repair guides through our worn wear initiative. how long will it take for my item to be repaired? we do our best to repair your gear quickly, however, involved repairs can take time. during peak times, it can take up to 30 business days from the date that an item is delivered to us for the repair to be completed and sent back to you. do i have to pay for shipping on my repair? we do ask that customers cover the cost of return shipping for all repairs. if you have a recent order number, we offer a $5 flat rate shipping label that includes tracking and insurance. you can find it on our returns and repairs page. if you do not have a recent order number, please download our printable repair form and follow the instructions to send in your repair. to make it an even trade, we are happy to ship the item back to you at our expense. if you will be returning the item with a shipping method of your choice, we recommend sending your package with a shipping method that provides tracking and insurance as patagonia is not responsible for lost packages. how do i know if my item can be repaired? while our repair technicians need to see an item to evaluate if it can be fixed, there is a small list of items that we cannot repair at this time. unfortunately, we are unable to repair baselayers, underwear, footwear and select wheeled luggage. what if it cannot be repaired? if the item is unrepairable we will perform a warranty evaluation under our ironclad guarantee. depending on the outcome of the warranty evaluation, we may be able to issue you merchandise credit toward a replacement item instead. if you’d prefer to receive your unrepaired item back, please indicate so when setting up your repair online (using the $5 return label process) or on the repair form enclosed with your repair item. what can i expect my completed repair to look like? we do our best to find a perfect match for all fabric and hardware we use to repair your item. in cases where we do not have an exact match available, we’ll do our best to get as close as possible. a mix-matched color scheme can result in a one-of-a-kind garment. does my item need to be clean before sending it in for repair? yes, for safety and sanitary reasons, by law all items need to be sent in clean condition; our repair technicians will appreciate it! please note: sending in unclean garments for repair can delay the process. if you have questions about how to clean your garment, check out our product care page on patagonia.com. does patagonia repair specialty items like waders, wetsuits and footwear? we’ll do our best to repair your gear, but some items require special attention and some cannot be repaired. for specifics on repairing your specialty item, please see below: waders: if your waders fail due to construction or material defects and need repair, you are welcome to send them in for warranty evaluation. damage due to normal wear and tear, or accidents such as the occasional run-in with thorns or barbed wire, may be repaired at a reasonable charge. if you’d like to send your waders for a warranty evaluation, get started on the returns and repairs page. you can also download our wader warranty brochure or at home wader repair guide for more warranty and care information. wetsuits: wetsuits require extra care and technique when repairing, so we handle these a little differently. wetsuit failure due to malfunction, such as a broken zipper or torn seam, will be repaired free of charge. damage due to normal wear and tear, or accidents such as a fin cut, blown-out panel or delamination, will be repaired at reasonable charge. to see full details and get started on your wetsuit repair, please follow the instructions in our wetsuit repairs guide. footwear: we are not able to repair patagonia footwear, but all patagonia products are covered under our ironclad guarantee. if you feel your patagonia footwear has not held up to your standards, please visit our returns and repairs page for more information on how to send items in for warranty evaluation. buy online pickup in store what is in-store pickup? in-store pickup is another way we are allowing customers to shop in a way that fits their schedule and lifestyle. you can place an order online and then swing by the store to grab your order later that day or the next day without having it shipped. with in-store pickup there’s no shipping cost, no waiting for a delivery, and no risk of your items being out of stock when you visit us. it's also a great way to connect, find out what we are up to in the community and get involved. which stores have in-store pickup? in-store pickup is available at these locations in nyc: meatpacking, bowery, uws and soho. it’s also available at chicago lincoln park. how do i place an order for in-store pickup? pick-up orders can be placed online at patagonia.com. if an item is available for pickup, you can select "in-store pickup" after choosing a color and size on the product page. how do i know when my order is ready for pickup? you will receive an email letting you know your order is ready. what do i need to bring to pick up my order? a digital or print copy of the confirmation email and a photo id. can someone else pick up an order for me? yes. if someone other than the person who placed the order is picking the item up, they need a digital or print copy of the confirmation email and a photo id (their own) to grab the order. this way we know who picked it up. where can i pick up my order? once you arrive at the store, check in with a retail associate and they’ll take care of you. how long will orders be held in the store? we will hold your order for about a day. check the date and time stamp on your “your order is ready for pickup” email. you will have the rest of that day plus the following day to pick up your order. check store hours here. what happens if i am unable to pick up the order within the pick-up window? orders or items will be restocked. however, if you miss your pick-up window, you can place a new order online or purchase the item in-store if it is still available. when will i be charged? the card will be authorized at the time of purchase, but the charge will not go through until the item is picked up and the transaction is complete. who do i contact with questions about my in-store pickup? if you have questions about your order, you can call the store you are picking your order up from or customer service. can i return my in-store pickup order? yes! you can return your in-store pickup order at the store you purchased it from or online. are there any products that are excluded from in-store pickup? if in-store pickup is an available option for the item(s) on patagonia.com, then it is eligible for pickup! can i make changes to my pick-up order after placing it? we are happy to help cancel or place a new order for you. to do so, you can call the store you are picking up from, or customer service. product info how do i care for my item? patagonia products are designed to work hard and let you play hard. should you need some help cleaning up after your most recent adventure, our product care guide has got you covered. we’ve collected a number of cleaning solutions over the years for all manner of grime. having trouble deciphering the hieroglyphics on the tag of your garment? the federal trade commission’s product care symbol guide will explain everything—and help you keep your gear in great shape. a clean shell is a happy shell—be sure to wash your waterproof garments and regularly replenish their water-repellent coating. check out our granger’s wash and repel products. does patagonia still sell footwear? unfortunately, patagonia is no longer manufacturing footwear. if you are looking for wading boots or surf footwear, please shop our fishing and surfing collections. how can i tell what size i am? a size chart and fit guide can be found on all product detail pages at the bottom of any size drop-down menus, or at the orange “size chart” link below the price. why can’t i find items in my size? at this time, we do not offer petite, tall or plus sizing, however, xxs–3xl sizes are available in select styles. in trying to build the best product, we never stop analyzing the fit of our items, and we are always making improvements. we have no doubts that people of all sizes have a love for the outdoors, and as our company grows we hope to be able to offer these additional sizes to our customers. orders how can i check my order status? we’re happy to update you on the status of your order! if a valid email address is provided at the time you place your order, you will receive an email confirmation followed by a shipping notification that includes tracking information for your package. to check the status of your order at any time, you can view your order history found in your account, or visit our order status page. there you will enter the last name on the order, along with the 8-digit order number found in your confirmation email. shipment tracking is only available through the shipping notification email. can i cancel or make changes to my order after placing it? we process, pack and ship orders as quickly as possible. if you need to make changes or cancel an order, please contact customer service as soon as possible. please note that we are unable to cancel an order once it has been shipped. how long will it take to process my order? we begin to process orders immediately upon receipt. orders are processed monday–friday and ship out within 1–2 business days. orders placed monday–friday before 3 pm est with next-day or two-day air delivery will be processed for same-day shipment. will i be charged for the portion of my order that did not ship? patagonia will authorize your card for the full amount of your order at checkout. however, if we are unable to fulfill any portion of your order, we will notify you by email and charge only for the portion of your order that ships. any pending authorizations for the unfulfillable item(s) will drop from your account within 3–5 business days (depending on your bank’s processing times). why didn’t i receive my order confirmation or shipping confirmation email? if a valid email address is entered at checkout, you will receive an email notification when your order has been submitted, followed by shipping and tracking information once the order has shipped. if you do not receive these emails, please check your spam/junk folder. these emails can be manually forwarded to an updated email address by contacting customer service. what is your price adjustment policy? if an item purchased on patagonia.com goes on sale within 14 days of the shipping date we’ll refund you the difference. contact customer service with your order number and we’ll gladly lend a hand. gift cards and merchandise credits do you sell gift cards online? we do! physical and electronic gift cards can be purchased on our gift card page. these cards can be redeemed online at patagonia.com or in any u.s. patagonia-owned retail store. for canadian gift cards, please click here. when can i expect to receive my e-gift card? e-gift cards will be sent within 24 hours. for security reasons, gift recipients will receive two emails. the first email contains the e-gift card number and redemption information. the second email contains the e-gift card pin. both numbers are required to redeem an e-gift card. be sure to check spam/junk folders if only one email is received. how can i check the balance of my patagonia gift card or merchandise credit? enter your card number and pin number on the “check your card balance” link found on our gift card page. already checking out? not to worry, you can also check your balance during the billing portion of checkout. do merchandise credits or gift cards expire? nope! patagonia gift cards and merchandise credits do not have an expiration date or inactivity fee. to ensure an easy shopping experience, hang on to all relevant gift card or merchandise credit information. payment why does my bank statement show multiple transactions for the same order? when you place an order, you will see a pre-authorization on your account. this hold allows us to verify that funds are available and enables us to proceed with processing your order. when your items ship, a final charge is processed for the item(s) shipped. in some circumstances, your bank will show this final charge separately from the pre-authorization, making it appear like a duplicate charge. however, the pre-authorization hold will drop from your account within 3–5 business days, depending on the policies of your bank, and your account will reflect only the final charge. why am i being charged sales tax? patagonia has a significant business presence in all 50 states and is therefore required to collect sales tax on all applicable purchases. sales tax is calculated based on shipping address and will not be charged for orders shipping to states in which no sales tax is due. where do i apply a promotional code, gift card or merchandise credit to my order? you can apply your promotional code in the shopping cart before checking out or add it during the billing portion of checkout. gift card and merchandise credits can also be applied during the billing portion of checkout, before you enter your credit card information. worn wear what is worn wear? worn wear is a program to empower customers to help reduce waste by extending the life of a garment. the program provides significant resources for responsible care and repair as well as a platform to trade in and purchase used gear. to learn more about the program check out wornwear.com. can i redeem my worn wear merchandise credit on patagonia.com? worn wear merchandise credits can be redeemed on wornwear.com as well as patagonia.com. to redeem your worn wear credit, simply enter the card number and pin on the billing information page at checkout. where can i find the worn wear truck? to find out where the road will take delia and the worn wear crew next, check out our events calendar. you can even make a request for the worn wear truck to make its way to you by clicking here. where can i purchase worn wear items? visit our worn wear site to check out all the latest worn wear inventory. these items are one of a kind and inventory can sell out fast; don’t hesitate to make your purchase! account how do i change my password? log in to your account from the account sign in page and click the “password assistance” button found on your my account page. enter the email associated with your account and you’ll be sent an email with a link to update or change your current password. if you are not seeing a password reset email, verify that your email address was entered correctly, or check your spam or junk folders. forgotten password? click “password help” on the account sign in page and a password reset link will be sent to the email associated with your account. if this email does not arrive, we may have a different email on file or an account has not yet been set up. please be sure to check your spam/junk folders as well. how do i unsubscribe or change my email preferences? to change your email preferences, simply click the “unsubscribe” or “update my preferences” link found at the bottom of any promotional patagonia email. be sure to check back with us on the website from time to time for all the latest product and environmental news! other can i be notified when something comes back in stock? at this time, we’re not able to send notifications when items arrive back in stock, but you can view the back-order date by selecting the size and color you’re interested in on any product’s information page. back-order dates will be displayed on the product page right above the “add to cart” button. if the item is listed as “out of stock” it is unlikely that the item will be restocked, so it’s best to check in with your local dealers or online authorized patagonia retailers found with our store locator tool. why does patagonia have items that are sold in stores, but not on patagonia.com? our stores offer a special selection of products from outside partner vendors. these items are often exclusive to each individual patagonia location and may not be sold in other stores. if something catches your eye in the store, it might be worth picking up! to find contact information for one of our stores, please visit our store locator page. where can i leave a review about my item? we’re always happy to hear about your product! to leave a review of a product, visit the item’s information page, scroll below the product details and click “write a review.” is the website secure? to make your shopping experience smooth, simple and secure we use ssl (secure sockets layer) technology. you should see a closed padlock or unbroken key (depending on your browser) to the left of the website url assuring you that the site is secure. how do i find a patagonia store near me? use our store locator to find a patagonia-owned retail store, patagonia-authorized retailer or environmental grantee near you. to check in with patagonia while traveling, you can also search cities and countries you will be visiting by entering your destination on the map. how do i sign up to receive your catalogs or stickers? we’re happy send catalogs or stickers your way, and we appreciate your support! to sign up for a catalog subscription or to receive a few stickers, head to our catalog and stickers page and fill out a request. how do i sign up for promotions and events? sign up for our patagonia emails to get notifications on all upcoming promotions, local events, product highlights, cleanest line posts and environmental action alerts. what is the pro program? the patagonia pro program is a membership program for qualified outdoor professionals, environmental grant recipients and outdoor industry partners. membership is by application, is not guaranteed and can be revoked at any time. for more information, check out our pro faqs. do you offer a military discount? yes, our patagonia retail stores offer a 10% appreciation discount to all active duty, reserve and national guard personnel. a valid military id will be required for eligibility. didn’t quite answer your question? reach out to our friendly customer service and we’ll gladly lend a hand! counterfeit products and unauthorized marketplaces introduction patagonia's mission statement is "build the best product, cause no unnecessary harm, use business to inspire and implement solutions to the environmental crisis." counterfeit patagonia product is an assault on everything we stand for as a business. counterfeit patagonia product is low-quality clothing, made in factories with abhorrent labor conditions, using toxic materials that pollute the environment. these poorly built products then quickly fall apart and make their way into the landfill furthering the harm they reap. patagonia works hard to stop sales of counterfeit product and to shut down fraudulent websites that steal from our customers. these faqs will help you buy real patagonia product from authorized sources, so you buy fewer, better products that are eligible for our ironclad guarantee. where can i find authentic patagonia products? authentic patagonia products are available at patagonia.com, at our patagonia retail stores, as well as our dealers' stores and their websites. you can find a complete list of these stores by clicking on "our stores" or by going directly to our store locator. i found a website that sells patagonia products. how do i know if it's legitimate? the website probably isn't legitimate if you are reading this. an increasing number of websites "scrape" our site and its images and then set up a page that mimics the look and feel of patagonia.com. these sites are run by scammers who will charge your credit card and then either: send you nothing, send you counterfeit patagonia product or send you some totally unrelated cheap product. in any event, they will ignore your effort to contact them, and you will have to convince your credit card provider to cancel the charge. how to tell if a website selling patagonia product is legitimate: is it an authorized store listed on our store locator? is the url suspect? patagonia.com is the only online patagonia store; we do not have any online outlet or discount shops. any url with "patagonia" and "official" "sale" "discount" "clearance" or anything else is fake. if the price discount looks too good to be true, it is. contact email should not be a commercial email provider (e.g. hotmail.com, gmail.com, yahoo.com) rather than a corporate address. policies such as shipping, refund, etc. are written poorly or don't make sense. when in doubt, we can help you out! email us at takedown@patagonia.com or call patagonia customer service. i found patagonia product on an auction site, flash sale site, or in a brick-and-mortar discount retailer. is it authentic? patagonia prohibits its authorized dealers from selling on online marketplaces like amazon.com, ebay.com, overstock.com and walmart.com as well as in brick-and-mortar discount retailers like costco and sam's club. patagonia cannot assure that products you buy from these platforms or in these stores are authentic. online marketplaces and auction sites like amazon.com, ebay.com, walmart.com or others that host third-party sellers usually do not guarantee the authenticity of the products on their sites. we regularly find counterfeit patagonia products on these marketplaces—even listings that use our images and product copy and otherwise look legitimate to the online customer. your best bet to get authentic patagonia product is to buy from patagonia.com, one of our retail stores or from one of our authorized wholesale dealers, which you can find on our store locator. already bought counterfeit product or did not get anything after your card was charged? please report the site to us at takedown@patagonia.com so that we can work to get the site taken down to help prevent other customers from getting duped. it's probably not too late to get your money back by disputing the charges with your bank or credit card company. keep in mind that you should provide as much information as possible, such as: proof of purchase (email or paper receipt/invoice) proof of your attempt to return the fake product for a refund screenshots of the results showing authorized patagonia retailers, or a screenshot of a legal notice declaring the website is counterfeit you can also report the site to the national ipr center. the ipr center promotes national security by protecting the public's health and safety, the u.s. economy and our military, and by stopping predatory and unfair trade practices that threaten the u.s. and global economy. be prepared to provide the following type of information when reporting counterfeit websites, or any other ip theft, to us (or the ipr center): information about the business/individual that violated intellectual property rights (e.g. address, website, email, social media site/user account, ip address) monetary loss and type of payment used type/style of products offered summary of incident contact history with business/individual that violated intellectual property rights any other research or information about the incident customer service faq more in customer service worn wear®: better than new patagonia® returns and repairs e-mail sign up ironclad guarantee privacy policy information request a catalog/sticker shipping information terms of use information patagonia pro english find a store site map corporate responsibility california transparency act privacy policy patagonia works contact us thanks for signing up!