来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090106102156/http://www.apmex.com/FAQ/Default.aspx
================================================================================

we offer gold, silver, platinum and other precious metals at the lowest prices e-mail: password: forgot password remember me open your free account search: bulliongoldsilverplatinumpalladiumwholesale lotsclearancegift ideascoinselite $2,500+perfect 70 coinspre-1933 us golddollarshalf dollarsquartersdimeshalf dimesnickels2, 3 and 20 cents small cents1/2 & large centsproof & mint setscommemorativescivil war tokenstokens & medalsforeign coinsancient coinscoin suppliescurrencylarge size currency$500 & $1,000'ssmall size currencynational bank notesconfederate notesobsolete currencycolonial coins & currencyotherstocks & bondsspecial offersall other stuff menu home about us faq gold in your ira customer service customer feedback trading hours faq areas · problems ordering online · buying from us · selling to us · pricing · payments · shipping · miscellaneous problems ordering online? more likely than not, the problem lies in your browser or operating system. rectifying this problem is a simple matter of updating them. our online ordering system is optimized for the following browsers: •	microsoft’s internet explorer •	mozilla firefox •	netscape’s navigator pc users: our operating system is compatible with internet explorer, netscape navigator and mozilla firefox. please click on the links provided below: click here for the latest patches and upgrades for microsoft's internet explorer. click here for the latest patches and upgrades for mozilla firefox. click here for the latest patches and upgrades for netscape’s navigator browser. mac users: safari does not work with our operating system. we apologize for the inconvenience, but the truth is the two simply aren’t compatible. however, our operating system works very well with mozilla firefox. all you need to do is download this browser and you are good to go. click here for the latest patches and upgrades for mozilla firefox. buying from us how do i buy from the american precious metals exchange? buying precious metals is easier than ever with apmex.com! we offer gold, silver, platinum and other precious metals at the lowest prices using our secure, hassle-free, real-time online ordering system. click here to get started now. who can buy from american precious metals exchange? our clients consist of collectors, dealers, accumulators, banks, brokerage houses, investors and speculators.  whether you want to purchase large quantities or individual items, we can fulfill all of your needs. do you have a minimum order? yes. our minimum order is $50.00 per transaction, regardless of payment method. it can be in any combination of items you choose. should i purchase gold, silver, platinum or palladium? as with any investment, diversification is always important. a good mixture of gold, silver, platinum and palladium in your portfolio will help reduce your risk. how much should i invest into precious metals? most investment professionals recommend 10-20 percent of your assets be in precious metals. now more than ever it is important to be diversified in precious metals. some believe now is the time to be heavier into gold & silver. that decision is up to you. how do i open an account with american precious metals exchange? click here  to go to our “open an account” page and start investing today. does it cost anything to open an american precious metals exchange account? no. it is absolutely free. what benefits are there to opening an account? opening a secure online account will allow you to do the following ·         place trades faster. ·         track your orders. ·         see when your payments have been received. ·         track when your package was shipped. ·         access your historical transactions for cost basis. ·         receive notification of special purchases we offer to only our account holders. ·         much, much more. click here to open an account now. can i cancel my order? once we have issued a confirmation number, all prices are locked-in whether buying from us or selling to us.  it is not our intention to enter into buying and/or selling transactions, accepting the risks involved only to have them cancelled.  however, we realize rare situations happen where orders need to be cancelled.  should you elect to cancel and/or offset your order, you must do so during normal business hours of 8:00 – 4:00 cst monday – friday.  all cancellations are subject our market loss policy plus a $35.00 cancellation fee. cancellations may only be approved over the telephone, at which time you will be given a cancellation number.  at that time, if any market loss to the american precious metals exchange has occurred, it will be calculated and added to the $35.00 cancellation fee.  if applicable, you may elect to pay any market loss by credit card at that time or, we will invoice you in which you will have thirty days to pay the amount due in full.  no future orders may be permitted until any market loss is paid in full.  any market gain on cancellations shall remain the property of apmex. can i change my order after my order is confirmed? no.  our system is automated which makes it extremely difficult and time consuming to modify an order after it has been confirmed.  we suggest you take the time up front to make sure what you want is exactly what you order. do you accept trade-ins of gold, silver & platinum? yes. we are always looking for new inventory. there may also be significant tax benefits for you as well.  please always consult your tax advisor before making decisions like this. what products does the american precious metals exchange sell? we are active market makers in all the items listed in our products section. please see our various bullion pages for our up-to-the minute current selling prices. do you offer pool accounts? no, not at this time. please check with us in the future. check here if you would like to be notified in the future when we begin offering this service. ^ back to top faq areas · problems ordering online · buying from us · selling to us · pricing · payments · shipping · miscellaneous selling to us do you have a minimum transaction? yes. when you sell your products to us, our minimum purchase amount is $1,000. how do i sell to the american precious metals exchange? selling your items to apmex is easy, as it should be. when you are ready to sell items to us, just follow these simple steps: 1.	open your free on-line account 2.	call our trading department at (800) 375-9006 and get our current prices 3.	securely package your items and then *ship to: apmex p.o. box 7867 edmond, ok 73083-7867 *note: we recommend that you ship your package via usps registered mail (which includes insurance) for your protection 4.	include a detailed packing slip (which we provide) and the confirmation number you receive from the apmex trading department. when will i receive my payment? when we receive your package we will typically send your payment within 3-5 business days in one of the following ways.  you can select which payment method best suits your needs. payment options for purchases of less than $5,000.00: check sent priority mail -  a $5.00 priority fee will be applied check sent first class mail payment options for purchases of $5,000.00 or more: 1. bank wire -  a $25.00 priority fee will be applied 2. check sent priority mail -  a $5.00 priority fee will be applied 3. check sent first class mail i would like to personally deliver my precious metals to you. can i do that? yes. you may deliver your precious metals to one of our depositories or drop off locations by pre-arranged appointment only. to make an appointment please call us at (800) 375-9006. what products do you buy? we are active market makers in all the items listed in our products section. what happens if i don't send in the precious metals after a price has been confirmed? your transaction may be cancelled if you do not call by the end of the following business day with the registered mail or tracking number. additionally, you will be liable to cover any market loss we incurred by accepting the order to buy from you. this is covered in our “market loss policy”.  furthermore, you will not be permitted to buy or sell to us in the future. if you call in with the registered mail or tracking number and we do not receive the items within 5 business days and the delay is due to the usps, ups or federal express, we will extend the deadline on a case by case basis. can i cancel my order? once we have issued a confirmation number, all prices are locked-in whether buying from us or selling to us.  it is not our intention to enter into buying and/or selling transactions, accepting the risks involved only to have them cancelled.  however, we realize rare situations happen where orders need to be cancelled.  should you elect to cancel and/or offset your order, you must do so during normal business hours of 8:00 – 4:00 cst monday – friday.  all cancellations are subject our market loss policy plus a $35.00 cancellation fee. cancellations may only be approved over the telephone, at which time you will be given a cancellation number.  at that time, if any market loss to the american precious metals exchange has occurred, it will be calculated and added to the $35.00 cancellation fee.  if applicable, you may elect to pay any market loss by credit card at that time or, we will invoice you in which you will have thirty days to pay the amount due in full.  no future orders may be permitted until any market loss is paid in full.  any market gain on cancellations shall remain the property of apmex. do you accept trade-ins? yes. we are always looking for new inventory.  please always consult your tax advisor before making any decisions like this. do you accept consignments? from time to time we accept consignments. please contact us and let us know what you have in mind. do you charge a receiving fee? no, when you sell your items to us there are no hidden charges. the prices quoted are the prices we will pay. are there any other hidden fees for selling to american precious metals exchange? no, there are no hidden fees for selling your items to us. it's just that simple. ^ back to top faq areas · problems ordering online · buying from us · selling to us · pricing · payments · shipping · miscellaneous pricing do you add a commission fee to your posted prices? no. the prices you see are the prices you pay. the only charges apmex adds are for shipping, handling and insurance. are my prices locked in when i place my order? yes. when you place an order over the telephone or online, you will be given a confirmation number that locks in your price. how long is my price locked in for when buying from apmex? your price is locked in for 5 business days on orders under $25,000 and three business days for orders more than $25,000. that is the time you have to make your payment to apmex. once you have placed an order with the american precious metals exchange, you have entered into a binding agreement. when ordering online, the price at which your order is submitted is the locked in price. your confirmation number will be on the final order screen and in your return email. apmex reserves the right to refuse an order when the confirmed price is incorrect, due to computer-related problems, pricing error or sudden movements in the precious metals market.  furthermore, we reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order deemed questionable, suspicious or of significant risk to apmex regardless of payment method and price confirmation. you must ensure that your payment is dated within 24 hours and received by apmex within five business days on orders under $25,000 and three business days on orders more than $25,000 to guarantee your price. providing us with your credit card information is required to lock in pricing all orders. you are responsible to cover any market losses (our market loss policy) should your order be cancelled, in addition to a $35.00 cancellation fee. do you have quantity discounts? yes. our prices have already been calculated for high volume wholesale orders. however, apmex will extend additional discounts when possible on orders more than $25,000 or large orders of individual items. please feel free to call us with what you are looking for. ^ back to top faq areas · problems ordering online · buying from us · selling to us · pricing · payments · shipping · miscellaneous payments what form of payment does american precious metals exchange accept? payment to apmex must be provided using: •	credit card •	bank wire •	certified check •	cashier’s check •	money order •	personal check. we recommend paying by the following methods: order amount preferred payment types payment due $50 - $1,500 credit card, checks or money order 5 business days $1,501 - $5,000 credit card, bank wire, checks, money order 5 business days $5,001 - $10,000 bank wire, checks, money order 5 business days $10,001 - $25,000 bank wire, checks, money order 5 business days $25,001 + bank wire 3 business days do you have a holding period on cashier's checks, certified checks and personal checks? yes, we hold all certified checks and cashier's checks typically for 1-10 banking days.  personal checks are held for 10 banking days or two weeks regardless of when they clear prior to shipping. direct bank wire is always recommended. where and how do i wire funds? upon placing an order and our issuing a confirmation number, we will provide you instructions along with our bank name, aba routing number and account number. please note: we only accept bank wires for an amount over $1500.00. what is your good funds policy? good funds is the day we receive your direct bank wire, from 1-10 business days from the day we receive your cashier's check, money order or certified check and 10 business days from the day we receive your personal check. additional delays may occur for checks if your bank does not cooperate in assisting us with the information needed to verify your transaction. direct bank wire is always recommended. how quickly will you need my payment? you must ensure that your payment is received by apmex within (5) five business days on orders under $25,000 and (3) three business days on orders more than $25,000 to guarantee your price. apmex reserves the right to cancel orders that do not meet this requirement. we recommend mailing your payment the same day your order is placed and using 2-3 day priority mail through the united states postal service to be sure your payment is received on time. do you accept credit cards? yes. we do accept credit cards for payment. apmex recommends paying for smaller orders by credit card. credit card orders exceeding $5,000 are accepted only by phone during normal business hours and may be subject to additional documentation and screening.  all credit card orders are reviewed on an order by order basis. in addition, we will only ship to the credit card billing address. please confirm that the ship to address is the same as the mailing address in your online account before placing credit card orders. we reserve the right to refuse any order deemed questionable or of significant risk to apmex regardless of payment method and price confirmation. do you accept ach or online payments? no, we do not accept ach transactions. we do accept online bill payments in check form only. they will be treated the same as a personal check regarding shipment date. we will ship the item(s) 10 business days after we receive the check. what happens if my payment isn't received within the applicable time period? it's always best to send us your payment immediately to ensure apmex can honor the confirmed price. if payment is not received within five business days for orders under $25,000 and three business days for orders more than $25,000, apmex reserves the right to either, accept your payment, refuse and cancel your order, or provide a fresh quote based on the market price at the time we received payment. what happens if i don't send a check or follow up on my order after it has been confirmed? your order may be cancelled if we do not receive payment within the required time period. also, your account may be closed and you may no longer be able to place trades with us. if a decline in the market price occurs, you will be liable for any market loss we incur for locking in and accepting your order. (our market loss policy).  you will be charged the difference between your confirmed price and the market buy price when your order is officially cancelled.  any market gain on cancellations shall remain the property of apmex. can i cancel my order? once we have issued a confirmation number, all prices are locked-in whether buying from us or selling to us.  it is not our intention to enter into buying and/or selling transactions, accepting the risks involved only to have them cancelled.  however, we realize rare situations happen where orders need to be cancelled.  should you elect to cancel and/or offset your order, you must do so during normal business hours of 8:00 – 4:00 cst monday – friday.  all cancellations are subject our market loss policy plus a $35.00 cancellation fee. cancellations may only be approved over the telephone, at which time you will be given a cancellation number.  at that time, if any market loss to the american precious metals exchange has occurred, it will be calculated and added to the $35.00 cancellation fee.  if applicable, you may elect to pay any market loss by credit card at that time or, we will invoice you in which you will have thirty days to pay the amount due in full.  no future orders may be permitted until any market loss is paid in full.  any market gain on cancellations shall remain the property of apmex. ^ back to top faq areas · problems ordering online · buying from us · selling to us · pricing · payments · shipping · miscellaneous shipping, handling, and insurance is there a discount for paying by cash? (check, money order, cashiers check, wire) ***yes, we provide a 3% cash discount off our shipping, handling and insurance to our customers if they pay for their orders by check, money order, cashier's check, bank wire, cash or trade. what are the shipping, handling and insurance charges? $9.95 for orders of $50.00 - $199.99 (plus 3% of subtotal) -     (*see above for available discounts) $12.95 for orders of $200.00 - $499.99 (plus 3% of subtotal)-     (*see above for available discounts) $19.95 for orders of $500.00 - $999.99 (plus 3% of subtotal) - (*see above for available discounts) $24.95 for orders of $1,000.00 - $24,999.99 (plus 3% of subtotal) -    (*see above for available discounts) free for orders of $25,000 and over again, you will receive a 3% cash discount off the shipping, handling and insurance fee if you pay for your order by any other method than credit card. do you ship internationally? no. we currently only ship in the united states . please check back with us in the future. click here if you would like to be notified in the future when we begin offering this service. how do you wrap your packages? all our packages are carefully and discretely wrapped, typically in brown tape and not to give any indication as to the contents inside.  we also use the acronym “ apmex” for our shipping address as well. how is my order shipped? american precious metals exchange orders are shipped registered/insured u.s. mail, ups & federal express. each package is fully insured and requires a signature upon delivery. packages sent registered and insured mail can take on average 5-10 business days. the parcel's registration number is only available to trace a package if it hasn't been received within 30 days from the date shipped. tracking numbers are not provided to customers due to insurance restrictions. is my package insured while in transit? american precious metals exchange fully insures all of its shipments. should anything happen while your package is in transit to you it will be covered by our insurance policy. however, we will not accept responsibility if you have left instructions with any carriers or delivery service to leave parcels un-attended for you without the need for a signature. or, you have given them instructions to leave your package with someone else such as a building manager, neighbor, drop-off location such as mail boxes etc., the ups store, etc., your package will not be covered. when we ship to you, if metals are lost or damaged in transit, it is our responsibility to pursue any claim with the insurance company.  if we determine the package is lost or damaged, we file a claim.  once the claim is filed, we reserve the right to re-ship your items or refund your money at our discretion. how long will it take to get my package? your apmex order is usually packaged and shipped in 1-3 business days (excluding weekend and holidays) of receipt of your good funds payment. credit card orders are usually processed and shipped within 2-5 business days excluding weekend and holidays. delivery can be expected on average within 5 to 10 business days of shipment. at times, we may send your items in multiple packages to complete the order. does apmex ever back order items? supply and demand problems occasionally occur in our business. from time to time, we have more buyers than sellers. if this should happen, we reserve the right to delay delivery up to 30 days (from your expected shipping date) to fill your order. even if the price continues to rise, your price is locked in. we will deliver your bullion (non-numismatic) product within 30 days. if you ordered a numismatic or supply item which has previously sold or we are out of stock on, we will either place it on back order, attempt to locate another or a refund will be given. should the value of your items decrease in that time period, you will not be entitled to any market gain. can you ship my order to a post office box? yes, orders shipped registered and insured us mail can be sent to a p.o. box. if a different shipping method is used, you must specify a street address for shipment. a signature is required upon delivery of your package. back to top faq areas · problems ordering online · buying from us · selling to us · pricing · payments · shipping · miscellaneous miscellaneous faq what is your return policy? we guarantee your satisfaction at the american precious metals exchange. we provide all our customers with a refund, return and/or exchange policy on everything we sell including all bullion and certified coins.  this right is limited to three (3) days from the date on which the customer receives their items and notifies us, provided they are kept in their original packaging. on returning bullion related items, the customer may (at apmex's discretion) be required to pay for any market loss on their returns. any market gain on refunds shall remain the property of apmex. we want our customers to be pleased with their purchases.  if for any reason you have a problem, please feel free to call our offices and discuss it with us.  we will always do our best to accommodate you. we do charge a 5% restocking fee on all credit card orders returned.  if an exchange is requested, we reserve the right to find an acceptable replacement or refund your money. how do i obtain a return authorization number? should you elect to return an item from your order, you must do so during normal business hours of 8:00 – 4:00 cst monday – friday.  all returns must be done over the telephone only, at which time you will be given a return authorization number.  at that time, if any market loss to the american precious metals exchange has occurred, it will be calculated.  you will not be charged the $35.00 cancellation fee to return an item or items.  however you may (at apmex's discretion) be required to pay for any market loss (our market loss policy) on your returns.  if applicable, you may elect to pay the market loss by credit card or, we will invoice you and you will have thirty days to pay the market loss in full.  no future orders may be permitted until that amount is paid in full.  any market gain on cancellations shall remain the property of apmex. are there risks? all investments involve risk - coins and bullion are no exception. the value of a bullion coin (e.g., american eagles or canadian maple leafs) is affected by many economic factors, including the current market price of bullion the perceived scarcity of the coins and other factors. some of these factors include the quality and current demand and general market sentiment. therefore, because both bullion and coins can go down as well as up in value, investing in them may not be suitable for everyone. since all investments, including bullion and coins, can decline in value, you should understand them well, and have adequate cash reserves and disposable income before considering a bullion or coin investment. is gold, silver, platinum or palladium taxable? apmex does not collect any tax when your order shipped outside the state of oklahoma. you should consult your tax advisor for specific taxation advice in your jurisdiction. state taxes may be applicable. can apmex store my gold, silver, platinum or palladium for me? no. at this time we are only offering delivery of precious metals. please check with us in the future. we do have a list of depositories we can recommend and will be happy to do so. click here if you would like to be notified in the future when we begin offering this service. does american precious metals exchange have a catalog? no. at this time we do not have a product catalog. please check with us in the future. click here if you would like to be notified in the future when we begin offering a catalog. do you report my purchase of precious metals to the irs? american precious metals exchange is not required to report our sales transactions to the irs or any other federal, state or local agencies unless you fall under the form 8300 requirement. ^back to top disclaimer | privacy policy | ordering policies and procedures | market loss policy | user agreement © 2008. all rights reserved. version: 1.8.2server: gold