来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131104112639/http://www.apmex.com/orderingpolicy
================================================================================

apmex | ordering policy | apmex.com apmex call us toll free 800.375.9006 get assistance online live chat register to win a 1oz gold eagle create a free account 0shopping cart: 0 items there are no items in the cart. × close checkout now edit your cart login we're sorry, it appears that javascript is disabled in your browser. to view and use the site apmex.com, please enable javascript. united states canada australia germany the united kingdom the netherlands ireland switzerland malaysia taiwan japan new zealand singapore norway other countries united states faqs new investors secure storage international top 40 best sellers newly listed back in stock bullion gold silver platinum palladium ira approved clearance-specials gift ideas coins pre-1933 us gold silver dollars jewelry elite $2,500+ perfect 70 coins commemoratives supplies currency $500s & $1,000s other apmexclusive® registry set coins lunar coins all other items menu home sell to us about us management team career opportunities faq apmex club precious metals ira contact us apmex reviews trading hours home ordering policy order policies and procedures price confirmations and binding agreement once you have placed an order to buy or sell with the american precious metals exchange, you have entered into a binding agreement. when ordering online, the price at which your order is submitted is the locked-in price. your confirmation number will be in your return email. you must ensure that your payment is dated within 24 hours and received by apmex within five business days on orders under $25,000 (usd) and three business days on orders more than $25,000 (usd) to guarantee your price. providing us with your credit card information is required to guarantee all orders. when selling to apmex, once we have issued a confirmation number, the price is locked in for you and the transaction may not be cancelled, but only offset at our current buy price. we require all purchases to be shipped to us by the end of the following business day and reply to us with a tracking number so we know the product is on the way. if you call in with the registered mail or tracking number and we do not receive the items within 5 business days and the delay is due to the usps, ups or federal express, we will extend the deadline on a case by case basis. payment options payment to the american precious metals exchange must be provided using a credit card, bank wire, certified check, cashiers check, money orders or personal check. credit card orders for any amounts are reviewed on an order by order basis. large credit card orders may be subject to additional documentation or screening and are subject to our approval. therefore, we recommend paying by one of the other methods on orders more than $2,500 (usd). we recommend paying by the following methods: orders ranging from $50 to $2,500 (usd) are recommended to be paid via any option listed above and must be received within 5 business days. orders ranging from $2,500.01 to $10,000 (usd) are recommended to be paid by bank wire, certified check, cashiers check, money orders or personal check and must be received within 5 business days. orders ranging from $10,000.01 to $25,000 (usd) are recommended to be paid by bank wire, certified check or cashiers check and also must be received within 5 business days. orders over $25,000.01 (usd) are recommended to be paid by bank wire and must be received within 3 business days. holding period on cashiers checks, certified checks and personal checks? we hold all certified checks and cashier's checks typically for 1-10 banking days. personal checks will be held for 5-10 banking days regardless of when they clear prior to shipping. direct bank wire is always recommended. our "good funds" policy good funds is the day of your direct bank wire, from 1-10 business days from the day we receive your cashier's check or certified check and 10 business days from the day we receive your personal check. additional delays may occur for checks if your bank does not cooperate in assisting us with the information needed to verify your transaction. direct bank wire is always recommended. payment instructions payment instructions will be issued on the final page of your ordering process and again by email after you place your order. payment must be dated within 24 hours of your order date. apmex reserves the right to cancel orders that do not meet these requirements. apmex does not accept c.o.d. orders. we reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order deemed questionable or of significant risk to apmex regardless of payment method and price confirmation. cancellation of orders once we have issued a confirmation number, all prices are locked-in whether buying from us or selling to us. it is not our intention to enter into buying and/or selling transactions, accepting the risks involved only to have them cancelled. however, we realize rare situations happen where orders need to be cancelled. should you elect to cancel and/or offset your order, you must do so during normal business hours of 9:00 - 5:00 est monday - friday. all cancellations are subject to our market loss policy plus a $35.00 (usd) cancellation fee. cancellations may only be approved over the telephone, at which time you will be given a cancellation number. at that time, if any market loss to the american precious metals exchange has occurred, it will be calculated and added to the $35.00 (usd) cancellation fee. if applicable, you may elect to pay any market loss by credit card at that time or, we will invoice you in which you will have thirty days to pay the amount due in full. no future orders may be permitted until any market loss is paid in full. any market gain on cancellations shall remain the property of apmex. our "market loss policy" (ask to ask policy). when purchasing from apmex, once we have issued a confirmation number, the price is locked in for you and the transaction may not be cancelled, but only offset at our current ask price. any deficit between the price at which we sold to you and the offsetting purchase price and/or prices, is your responsibility only if your item(s) is cancelled or returned. that amount will be charged to you, plus a $35.00 cancellation fee. that is our market loss policy. any market gain on cancellations shall remain the property of apmex. when selling to apmex, once we have issued a confirmation number, the price is locked in for you and the transaction may not be cancelled, but only offset at our current buy price. any deficit between the price at which we bought from you and the offsetting purchase price and/or prices, is your responsibility if we do not receive your items. that amount will be charged to you, plus a $35.00 (usd) cancellation fee. that is our market loss policy. any market gain on cancellations shall remain the property of apmex. the american precious metals exchange reserves the right to refuse an order when the confirmed price is incorrect, due to computer-related problems, pricing error, incorrect item descriptions or sudden movements in the precious metals market. furthermore, we reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order deemed questionable, suspicious or of significant risk to apmex regardless of payment method and price confirmation. your american precious metals exchange order may be canceled if we do not receive payment within five (5) business days on orders under $25,000 (usd) and three (3) business days for orders over $25,000 (usd). once you have placed an order with american precious metals exchange, you have entered into a binding agreement. shipment of your items american precious metals exchange orders are shipped registered/insured u.s. mail, ups & federal express. each package is fully insured and may require a signature upon delivery. packages can take on average 1-10 business days for delivery. the tracking number will be provided via email to you upon date of shipment. american precious metals exchange fully insures all of its shipments. should anything happen while your package is in transit to you it will be covered by our insurance policy. however, we will not accept responsibility if you have left instructions with any carriers or delivery service to leave parcels un-attended for you without the need for a signature. or, you have given them instructions to leave your package with someone else such as a building manager, neighbor, drop-off location such as mail boxes etc. the ups store, etc. when we ship to you, if metals are lost or damaged in transit, it is our responsibility to pursue any claim with the insurance company. if we determine the package is lost or damaged, we file a claim. we reserve the right to re-ship your items or refund your money at our discretion. return policy we guarantee your satisfaction at the american precious metals exchange. we provide all our customers with a refund, return and/or exchange policy on everything we sell including all bullion and certified coins. this right is limited to three (3) days from the date on which the customer receives their items. the refund, return and/or exchange policy only applies to customers who notify our customer service department by telephone at 800.375.9006 within three (3) days from the date on which the customer receives their item and keeps the item in its original packaging. the customer service department will give you instructions on how to return your items. shipping and handling charges are non-refundable. for returns via mail, you must carefully package the product, you are responsible for the cost of return shipping. apmex reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to reject any return that does not comply with these requirements. we want our customers to be pleased with their purchases. if for any reason you have a problem, please feel free to call our offices and discuss it with us. we will always do our best to accommodate you. we do charge a 5% restocking fee on all credit card orders returned. if an exchange is requested, we reserve the right to find an acceptable replacement or refund your money if an acceptable replacement is not available. on returning bullion related items, the customer may (at apmex's discretion) be required to pay for any market loss on their returns. (click here to review our market loss policy) any market gain on refunds shall remain the property of apmex. pricing or typographical errors we work hard to provide accurate product and pricing information. however, pricing or typographical errors may occur. in the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, apmex shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. if an item is incorrectly priced, we will either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. prices and availability are subject to change without notice. additional terms additional terms relating to certain products (such as prices, methods of payment, our policies with respect to returns, refunds, and cancellations and/or exchanges) may be posted on the site on the pages describing the products. investment risks all investments involve risk - coins and bullion are no exception. the value of a bullion coin (e.g., maple leaf or american eagle) is affected by many economic factors, including the current market price of bullion, the perceived scarcity of the coins and other factors. some of these factors include the quality and current demand and general market sentiment. therefore, because both bullion and coins can go down as well as up in value, investing in them may not be suitable for everyone. since all investments, including bullion and coins, can decline in value, you should understand them well, and have adequate cash reserves and disposable income before considering a bullion or coin investment. security american precious metals exchange takes security very seriously. our security measures protect the loss, misuse and alteration of all information under our control. our system is based on the ssl (secure socket layer) encryption standard. provided you are using an ssl- compliant browser such as netscape's navigator or microsoft's internet explorer, you'll be able to conduct fully-protected transactions that encrypt all of your personal information, including credit card number, name and address, so it cannot be read as the information travels from you to american precious metals exchange. furthermore all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. facebook google+ twitter linkedin youtube pinterest disclaimer privacy policy ordering policies and procedures market loss policy user agreement ©2013, apmex, inc. all rights reserved. auric × module name × alertme!sm notification