来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151215135202/http://www.apmex.com/privacypolicy
================================================================================

buy gold and silver safely - apmex privacy policy | apmex apmex 800.375.9006 | | register | login newly listed | back in stock | vault deals 0 cart top picks gold silver platinum & palladium vault deals apmexclusive® 2016 gold coins 2016 silver coins newly listed back in stock elite $2,500+ gold top picks united states mint american eagles gold buffalos high relief coins first spouse coins us commems pre-1933 us gold royal canadian mint maple leafs .99999 gold bullion lunar coins modern commems vintage coins mexican mint libertads commems & all others vintage pesos perth mint bars kangaroos lunar series all other popular world mints australia gold coins austrian mint british royal mint china gold coins holy land mint of israel monnaie de paris new zealand singapore mint south african mint valcambi ira products gold bars & rounds by manufacturer by weight all other world gold gold from africa gold from asia gold from central america & caribbean gold from europe gold from middle east gold from india gold from south america gold from south pacific ancient & medieval gold coins other gold products gold gift ideas product manager picks award-winning coins gold error coins gold jewelry gold cufflinks gold pendants gold coin bezels gold pendant chains gold earrings gold bracelets gold rings gold key rings gold clearance & specials 2016 great britain 1 oz gold year of the monkey bu shop now silver top picks united states mint silver eagles america the beautiful commems silver dollar coins royal canadian mint maple leafs wolf series birds of prey series wildlife series bullion commems collectible commems silver bars all other mexican mint libertads commems all other perth mint silver kangaroos shark series lunar coins koalas kookaburras all other popular world mints african wildlife series armenian noah's ark australia silver coins austrian mint british royal mint china silver coins cit silver coins mint of poland monnaie de paris new zealand mint scottsdale mint valcambi ira products silver rounds by brand by weight by theme silver bars by brand by weight by theme hand poured silver silver all other 90%, 40%, 35% silver 90% silver by type 40% silver by type 35% war nickels other us silver coinage ancient & medieval silver & bronze coins other silver products valentine's day gifts product manager picks award-winning coins silver error coins biblical series silver bullets world silver silver from africa silver from asia silver from central america & caribbean silver from europe silver from middle east silver from south america silver from south pacific silver everywhere else silver jewelry silver clearance & specials 2016 china 30 gram silver panda bu (in capsule) shop now platinum & palladium top picks platinum united states mint platinum eagles royal canadian mint platinum maple leafs platinum commems australia platinum coins platypus coins koala coins platinum bars & rounds by brand by weight popular world mints china isle of man switzerland valcambi all other countries platinum clearance items & specials industrial platinum ira products top picks palladium royal canadian mint russia palladium coins 1 oz ballerina coins 1/2 oz ballerina coins 1/4 oz ballerina coins popular world mints bermuda valcambi palladium bars & rounds by brand by weight industrial palladium ira products 1 oz platinum bar - scotiabank (.999+ fine, in assay) shop now deals other items copper copper rounds copper bars us coins pre-1933 us gold silver dollar coins other dollar coins half dollar coins quarters 20 cent pieces dimes half dimes nickels 3 cent nickels 3 cent silver 2 cent pieces cents half cents all other coins us coin sets us proof sets us mint sets us coin & currency sets us currency (large) treasury or coin notes u.s. notes legal tender gold certificates silver certificates federal reserve bank notes federal reserve notes other us currency colonial currency obsolete bank notes hawaii currency north africa currency mpc's us currency (small) $1,000 frn's $500 frn's $100 frn's all other frn's $10 - $100 gold certificates $1 - $10 silver certificates $1 - $100 u.s. notes $5 - $100 federal reserve bank notes uncut currency sheets national bank notes confederate currency us fractional currency ancient & medieval coins world coins and currency supplies (storage) coin & bar capsules intercept coin holders coin & bar tubes official monster boxes coin & bar storage boxes intercept storage boxes presentation & gift boxes coin storage albums he harris coin holders snap tite coin holders holiday coin & bar holders supplies (all other) coin flips magnifiers / loupes gauges & calipers coin dip and protectors cloth money bags books jewelry $20 saint-gaudens gold double eagle au (random year) shop now sell to us top products we buy selling to apmex trading hours why apmex apmex reviews faqs quickship® education ira tools & alerts apmex club international contact us secure storage we're sorry, it appears that javascript is disabled in your browser. to view and use the site apmex.com, please enable javascript. apmex privacy policy privacy policy apmex, inc. ("apmex") respects your privacy. we will never willfully disclose individually identifiable information about our customers to any third party, except in the limited circumstances permitted by this policy. apmex does not sell, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information regarding its customers to any third party. any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented. this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) applies solely to information collected through the apmex family of web sites, web pages, interactive features, applications, widgets, blogs and their respective contents at the following urls: apmex.com and mobile.apmex.com, in addition to twitter, facebook or other social networking sites, and their respective contents, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology (collectively, the “sites”). the sites are offered by apmex, inc. and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, site developers and other promotional partners (collectively, “apmex,” or “we”, “us”, “our”). this privacy policy explains what information may be collected through the sites, how such information may be used and/or shared with others, how we safeguard it and how you may access and control its use in connection with our marketing communications and activities. please read this privacy policy carefully, because by using the sites you are acknowledging that you understand and agree to the terms of this privacy policy. in addition, please review our user agreement, which governs your use of the sites and any content you submit to the sites. information we collect on our sites how we use the information we collect sharing of information information we receive from third parties your choice and access advertising/behavioral targeting; how to opt-out children security of your information other sites consent to processing and transfer of information changes contact us 1. information we collect on our sites a. information you provide to us the sites may ask you to provide information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you personally (such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, or home address (“personal information”)). for example, apmex may collect personal information when you register on the sites, request information, submit comments or participate in some promotion, survey or other feature of the sites, or otherwise communicate or interact with us. the sites may also ask you to provide other information about yourself, such as demographic information (gender, zip code, age, etc.) or certain information about your preferences and interests. if we combine demographic or other information we collect about you with personal information about you, we will treat the combined information as personal information. to the extent the sites allows you to apply to become a customer of apmex, additional information may be requested and collected from you via customer application forms and other forms. if you do not want your personal information collected, please do not submit it. b. information we collect automatically whenever you visit or interact with the sites, apmex, as well as any third-party advertisers and/or service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the sites are accessed and used (“usage information”). usage information may include, in part, browser type, operating system, the page served, the time, and the preceding page views. this statistical data provides us with information about the use of the sites, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the sites, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on. this information helps us keep our website fresh and interesting to our visitors and tailor content to a visitor’s interests. usage information is generally non-identifying, but if apmex associates it with you as a specific and identifiable person, apmex treats it as personal information. apmex also automatically collects your ip address or other unique identifier (“device identifier”) for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively, “device”) you use to access the sites. a device identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your device when you access a web site or its servers, and our computers identify your device by its device identifier. the technologies used on the sites to collect usage information, including device identifiers, may include, without limitation: 1. cookies cookies are data files placed on a device when it is used to visit the sites. apmex, or our third-party advertising service providers, may place cookies or similar files on your device for security purposes, to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting our sites. cookies allow us to collect technical and navigational information, such as browser type, time spent on our sites and pages visited. cookies also allow us to select which of our advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are on the sites. if you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; or set your browser to automatically not accept any cookies. however, please be aware that some features and services on our sites may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your apmex account(s). in addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests. 2. pixel tags a pixel tag is a transparent graphic image, sometimes called a web beacon or tracking beacon, placed on a web page or in an email, which indicates that a page or email has been viewed. in addition, a pixel tag may tell your browser to get content from another server. in order to ensure the safekeeping of your information, network advertising companies and publishers are not permitted to directly collect personal information on our sites. apmex has implemented and uses google analytics for display advertisers and google display network (doubleclick). google analytics collects anonymous data about your interaction with our website via the doubleclick cookie and through the standard google analytics implementation. anonymous data may be used for purposes including delivering to you banner advertisements and other advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain websites and selecting offers and products to display to you when you visit our website. 2. how we use the information we collect apmex uses the information we collect about and from you for a variety of business purposes, including for example, to: respond to your questions and requests; provide you with access to certain areas and features of the sites; verify your identity; communicate with you about your account and activities on the sites and, in our discretion, changes to any apmex policy; tailor content, advertisements, and offers we serve you; improve the sites and for internal business purposes; process applications and transactions; and for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your personal information or otherwise with your consent. 3. sharing of information except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide any of your personal information to any third parties without your specific consent. we may share non-personal information, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic information, and usage information with third parties. we may also share your information as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as set forth in this privacy policy and in the following circumstances: a. third parties providing services on our behalf in order to carry out your requests, to make various features, services and materials available to you through the sites, and to respond to your inquiries, we may share your personal information, or usage information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our partners), such as companies or individuals that: host or operate our sites; analyze data; provide customer service; advertisers; sponsors or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions or provide marketing or promotional assistance (such as in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law, such as on a winners list). b. your agreement to have your personal information shared while on our sites, you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your information with a third party. if you agree to have your personal information shared, your personal information will be disclosed to the third party and the personal information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party. c. business transfers your personal information may also be used by us or shared with our subsidiaries, affiliates and other entities in the family of companies controlled by apmex, inc. for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes. as we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. if another entity acquires us or all or substantially all of our assets, or assets related to the sites, personal information, usage information, and any other information that we have collected about the users of the sites may be disclosed to such entity as part of the due diligence process and will be transferred to such entity as one of the transferred assets. also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties. d. legal disclosure apmex may transfer and disclose information, including your personal information, usage information and device identifier (including ip address), to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our user agreement or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our sites or the public. 4. information we receive from third parties apmex may receive information about you from third parties. for example, if you are on another web site and you opt-in to receive information from apmex, that web site will forward to us your e-mail address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested. you may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our facebook or twitter applications or a similar application or feature on a third party web site) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including personal information. in addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party web site give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party web site or interactive service. we may also supplement the information we collect about you through the sites with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. we may combine the information we receive from these third parties with information we collect through the sites. in those cases, we will apply this privacy policy to any personal information received, unless we have disclosed otherwise. 5. your choice and access a. opting out you may always direct us not to share your personal information with third parties, not to use your personal information to provide you with information or offers, or not to send you newsletters, e-mails or other communications by: (i) sending us an e-mail at remove@apmex.com with the word “remove” as the subject header; (ii) calling us at (800) 375-9006; or (iii) following the removal instructions in the communication that you receive. your opt-out request will be processed within 30 days of the date on which we receive it. you can opt out of attribution modeling by clicking here. you can opt-out of google analytics for display advertising and customize google display network ads using the ads preferences manager. you can find out more about how google uses cookies in advertising and opt-out via the following links: google display network (doubleclick) & google analytics opt-out browser add-on if you wish to verify, correct, or update any of your personal information collected through the sites, you may edit your profile preferences or contact us at the above address or e-mail. in accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain personal information you have submitted through the sites. we are under no obligation to store such personal information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such personal information. in addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons. b. do not track signals california law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser do not track (dnt) signals. because there currently is not an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring dnt signals, we do not respond to them at this time. we await the result of work by the privacy community and industry to determine when such a response is appropriate and what form it should take. 6. advertising/behavioral targeting; how to opt-out apmex licenses technology to serve advertisements on its own sites and within its content as that content is served across the internet. in addition, apmex may use third party network advertisers to serve advertisements and third party analytics vendors to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the sites and viewing of our content. we do not share personal information with these third parties, but ad network providers, the advertisers, the sponsors, and/or analytics service providers may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on your device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including usage information. we and our network advertisers may target advertisements for products and services in which you might be interested based on your visits to both the sites and other web sites. we may use a variety of companies to serve advertisements. if you prefer to not receive targeted advertising, you can opt out of some network advertising programs that use your information. to do so please visit the nai opt-out page: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. please note that even if you choose to remove your information (opt out), you will still see advertisements while you are browsing online. however the advertisements you see may be less relevant to you and your interests. additionally, many network advertising programs allow you to view and manage the interest categories they have compiled from your online browsing activities. these interest categories help determine the types of targeted advertisements you may receive. the nai opt-out page provides a tool that identifies its member companies that have cookies on your browser and provides links to those companies. 7. children the sites are not directed to children under 13. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. if we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her personal information without the parent/guardian’s consent. if we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. 8. security of your information we use certain reasonable security measures to help protect your personal information. however, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use the sites and provide us with your information at your own risk. 9. other sites the sites may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate. this includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding agreement. we do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. these other web sites may send their own cookies to your device, they may independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. you should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is one of our sites (including those linked to through an email or social networking page). 10. consent to processing and transfer of information the sites are operated in the united states. given that we are an international business, our use of your information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. if you are located in the european union, canada or elsewhere outside of the united states, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the united states. by using the sites, or providing us with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the united states and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. 11. changes please note, we may change information on the sites and/or this privacy policy, at any time without prior notice to you, and any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised privacy policy on the sites. however, apmex will use your personal information in a manner consistent with the privacy policy in effect at the time you submitted the information, unless you consent to the new or revised policy. 12. contact us if you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at the address provided in section 11h of the user agreement. about apmex why apmex apmex reviews leadership team careers contact us sitemap buying & selling precious metals ira sell to us apmex club storage international 2016 coin releases faqs overall faqs shipping & handling return policy payment faqs where is my order? sales & service m - th 8am - 8pm (et) friday 8am - 6pm (et) education why buy physical gold & silver how much should i buy how to buy physical gold & silver first-time buyers faqs precious metals guide policies privacy policy market loss policy user agreement connect with us 60k likes 1m views 17k followers 1k followers 240 pins blog 0.2m views stay informed of our special offers. sign up leading online precious metals retailer for over 15 years over 2.4 million ounces of gold sold | over 95 million ounces of silver sold apmex.com has a trustpilot rating of 4.8/5 based on 3304 ratings and reviews. © 2016 apmex, inc. all rights reserved. back to top × module name × wishlist! × quantity notification 0 cart items in cart there are no items in the cart. auric