来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151215135202/http://www.apmex.com/international
================================================================================

buy gold & silver internationally from apmex | apmex apmex 800.375.9006 | | register | login newly listed | back in stock | vault deals 0 cart top picks gold silver platinum & palladium vault deals apmexclusive® 2016 gold coins 2016 silver coins newly listed back in stock elite $2,500+ gold top picks united states mint american eagles gold buffalos high relief coins first spouse coins us commems pre-1933 us gold royal canadian mint maple leafs .99999 gold bullion lunar coins modern commems vintage coins mexican mint libertads commems & all others vintage pesos perth mint bars kangaroos lunar series all other popular world mints australia gold coins austrian mint british royal mint china gold coins holy land mint of israel monnaie de paris new zealand singapore mint south african mint valcambi ira products gold bars & rounds by manufacturer by weight all other world gold gold from africa gold from asia gold from central america & caribbean gold from europe gold from middle east gold from india gold from south america gold from south pacific ancient & medieval gold coins other gold products gold gift ideas product manager picks award-winning coins gold error coins gold jewelry gold cufflinks gold pendants gold coin bezels gold pendant chains gold earrings gold bracelets gold rings gold key rings gold clearance & specials 2016 great britain 1 oz gold year of the monkey bu shop now silver top picks united states mint silver eagles america the beautiful commems silver dollar coins royal canadian mint maple leafs wolf series birds of prey series wildlife series bullion commems collectible commems silver bars all other mexican mint libertads commems all other perth mint silver kangaroos shark series lunar coins koalas kookaburras all other popular world mints african wildlife series armenian noah's ark australia silver coins austrian mint british royal mint china silver coins cit silver coins mint of poland monnaie de paris new zealand mint scottsdale mint valcambi ira products silver rounds by brand by weight by theme silver bars by brand by weight by theme hand poured silver silver all other 90%, 40%, 35% silver 90% silver by type 40% silver by type 35% war nickels other us silver coinage ancient & medieval silver & bronze coins other silver products valentine's day gifts product manager picks award-winning coins silver error coins biblical series silver bullets world silver silver from africa silver from asia silver from central america & caribbean silver from europe silver from middle east silver from south america silver from south pacific silver everywhere else silver jewelry silver clearance & specials 2016 china 30 gram silver panda bu (in capsule) shop now platinum & palladium top picks platinum united states mint platinum eagles royal canadian mint platinum maple leafs platinum commems australia platinum coins platypus coins koala coins platinum bars & rounds by brand by weight popular world mints china isle of man switzerland valcambi all other countries platinum clearance items & specials industrial platinum ira products top picks palladium royal canadian mint russia palladium coins 1 oz ballerina coins 1/2 oz ballerina coins 1/4 oz ballerina coins popular world mints bermuda valcambi palladium bars & rounds by brand by weight industrial palladium ira products 1 oz platinum bar - scotiabank (.999+ fine, in assay) shop now deals other items copper copper rounds copper bars us coins pre-1933 us gold silver dollar coins other dollar coins half dollar coins quarters 20 cent pieces dimes half dimes nickels 3 cent nickels 3 cent silver 2 cent pieces cents half cents all other coins us coin sets us proof sets us mint sets us coin & currency sets us currency (large) treasury or coin notes u.s. notes legal tender gold certificates silver certificates federal reserve bank notes federal reserve notes other us currency colonial currency obsolete bank notes hawaii currency north africa currency mpc's us currency (small) $1,000 frn's $500 frn's $100 frn's all other frn's $10 - $100 gold certificates $1 - $10 silver certificates $1 - $100 u.s. notes $5 - $100 federal reserve bank notes uncut currency sheets national bank notes confederate currency us fractional currency ancient & medieval coins world coins and currency supplies (storage) coin & bar capsules intercept coin holders coin & bar tubes official monster boxes coin & bar storage boxes intercept storage boxes presentation & gift boxes coin storage albums he harris coin holders snap tite coin holders holiday coin & bar holders supplies (all other) coin flips magnifiers / loupes gauges & calipers coin dip and protectors cloth money bags books jewelry $20 saint-gaudens gold double eagle au (random year) shop now sell to us top products we buy selling to apmex trading hours why apmex apmex reviews faqs quickship® education ira tools & alerts apmex club international contact us secure storage we're sorry, it appears that javascript is disabled in your browser. to view and use the site apmex.com, please enable javascript. apmex international outside the u.s. apmex global not only sells gold and silver, but we also offer a large inventory of other precious metals products. you can shop online with competitive prices, affordable shipping rates and world-class customer service for our international customers. for our international customers, we make it easy to set up a payment, keep the privacy of your payment method, ship directly to your door on the other side of the globe and give you our satisfaction guarantee with every order. for additional questions, please contact info@apmexglobal.com australia what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for australia? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. belgium what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for belgium? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. canada what is the minimum order amount?minimum order: $250 usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $250 - $1,500 usd (check or money order) $1,501 - $25,000 usd (check, money order, or bank wire) $25,001 + usd (bank wire) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.you may find this link helpful when researching your country's taxes.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for canada? shipping costs are $29.95 usd. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. cayman islands what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for cayman islands? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. czech republic what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for czech republic? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.40 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. denmark what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for denmark? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. france what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for france? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. germany what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for germany? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. greece what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for greece? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.30 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. hong kong what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax ratesdoes apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for hong kong? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. ireland what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for ireland? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. japan what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for japan? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.20 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. malaysia what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for malaysia? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.30 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. netherlands what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for netherlands? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. new zealand what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for new zealand? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.30 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. norway what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for norway? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. singapore what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.you may find this link helpful when researching your country's taxes.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for singapore? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. south korea what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax ratesdoes apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for south korea? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.30 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. sweden what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for sweden? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.20 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. switzerland what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for switzerland? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. taiwan what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for taiwan? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.20 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. united kingdom what is the minimum order amount?$1,500 (bank wire) usd$250 (credit card) usdwhat currencies are accepted?usdwhat form of payment does apmex accept? $1,500 + usd (bank wire) $250 + usd (credit card) do you accept credit cards?apmex only accepts international payments made via bank wire or credit card in u.s. dollars (usd). the minimum order amount is $250 for credit card and $1,500 for bank wire.how do i sell to apmex?currently we can only purchase from international customers if the items are being stored at a citadel depository.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what are the shipping costs for the united kingdom? shipping costs are $49.95 usd plus an additional $0.25 usd per troy ounce weight surcharge. currently, all of our shipments are shipped fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited and must be shipped to a physical address. we do not typically accept orders from international customers using freight forwarding services such as vpost addresses. if orders are placed online with vpost or freight forwarding addresses, all risk of loss for such orders is borne by you once apmex delivers your product to the freight forwarding service or vpost. additionally, customers living outside of fedex or ups normal delivery zones may incur an extended area surcharge. for additional information, please review our general international faqs. or, if you require further assistance, please send your inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com. general international faqs what international countries do you currently ship to?customers in the following countries can place their orders directly online: australia, belgium, canada, cayman islands, czech republic, denmark, france, germany, greece, hong kong, ireland, japan, malaysia, netherlands, new zealand, norway, singapore, south korea, switzerland, taiwan, and the united kingdom. if you are a customer and do not see your country listed please feel free to contact us at info@apmexglobal.com.will i have to pay duties or taxes when i receive my order?all duties and taxes must be paid by the customer on delivery. you may be subject to taxes and/or duties for your order. please consult your local customs broker for more information on duty and tax rates.does apmex declare the value of the package on customs forms?we always declare the full value of the shipment on any customs form. there are no exceptions to this rule.what happens if i refuse delivery or i am un-available to accept my international apmex shipment?if your order is returned to apmex due to: your refusal to pay duties or taxes, or if the carrier (example fedex or ups) was unable to deliver your order, you will be responsible for any return shipping fees, additional duties, or applicable taxes for returning the package back to apmex. in addition, if your package is returned to apmex, we will not reship your order until we are paid in full for any return shipping costs, duties, taxes we have had to pay or advance for you as well as any subsequent re-ship fees back to you. international returns are a very costly problem and we strongly suggest making yourself aware of any duties or taxes before packages are shipped to avoid surprises. in addition, we strongly suggest making yourself available to the delivery company so your package is not returned to apmex subjecting yourself to unnecessary taxes, duties, shipping costs or delays. these delays for re-ships could take 4-6 weeks or longer complete when packages are not received, as they should. please note that apmex does their best to accommodate customer requests, however the carrier will be chosen at apmex’s discretion. if you have any questions about your international shipment, please send inquiry to info@apmexglobal.com.what is your return policy?we guarantee your satisfaction at apmex. we provide all our customers with a refund, return and/or exchange policy on everything we sell including all bullion and certified coins. this right is limited to fourteen (14) days from the date on which the customer receives their items. the refund, return and/or exchange policy only applies to customers who notify our customer service department by telephone at (800) 375-9006 within fourteen (14) days from the date on which the customer receives their item and keeps the item in its original packaging. the customer service department will give you instructions on how to return your items. shipping and handling charges are non-refundable. for returns, you must carefully package the product, you are responsible for the cost of return shipping. apmex reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to reject any return that does not comply with these requirements. we want our customers to be pleased with their purchases. if for any reason you have a problem, please feel free to call our offices and discuss it with us. we will always do our best to accommodate you. if an exchange is requested, we reserve the right to find an acceptable replacement or refund your money if an acceptable replacement is not available. on returning bullion related items, the customer may (at apmex's discretion) be required to pay for any market loss on their returns. (click here to review our market loss policy) any market gain on refunds shall remain the property of apmex. pricing or typographical errors - we work hard to provide accurate product and pricing information. however, pricing or typographical errors may occur. in the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, apmex shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. if an item is incorrectly priced, we will either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. prices and availability are subject to change without notice. additional terms - additional terms relating to certain products (such as prices, methods of payment, our policies with respect to returns, refunds, and cancellations and/or exchanges) may be posted on the site on the pages describing the products. how do i obtain a return authorization number?should you elect to return an item from your order, you must do so during normal business hours of 8:00 - 4:00 cst monday - friday. all returns must be done over the telephone only, at which time you will be given a return authorization number. once your return is received, if any market loss to the american precious metals exchange has occurred, it will be calculated. you will not be charged the $35.00 (usd) cancellation fee to return an item or items. however you may (at apmex's discretion) be required to pay for any market loss (our market loss policy) on your returns. if applicable, you may elect to pay the market loss by usd credit card or, we will invoice you and you will have thirty days to pay the market loss in full. no future orders may be permitted until that amount is paid in full. any market gain on cancellations shall remain the property of apmex. easy payment setupwe accept the us dollar (usd), and can easily and securely set up a wire transfer from your bank over the phone after you have placed your order online. a short confirmation will be sent with directions to complete your order. shipped to your front dooryour order will be sent using either fedex international economy or ups worldwide expedited to ensure that your purchase will get there safely and in a timely manner. satisfaction guaranteedregardless of where you live in the world, apmex global wants you to be 100% satisfied with your order. about apmex why apmex apmex reviews leadership team careers contact us sitemap buying & selling precious metals ira sell to us apmex club storage international 2016 coin releases faqs overall faqs shipping & handling return policy payment faqs where is my order? sales & service m - th 8am - 8pm (et) friday 8am - 6pm (et) education why buy physical gold & silver how much should i buy how to buy physical gold & silver first-time buyers faqs precious metals guide policies privacy policy market loss policy user agreement connect with us 60k likes 1m views 17k followers 1k followers 240 pins blog 0.2m views stay informed of our special offers. sign up leading online precious metals retailer for over 15 years over 2.4 million ounces of gold sold | over 95 million ounces of silver sold apmex.com has a trustpilot rating of 4.8/5 based on 3289 ratings and reviews. © 2016 apmex, inc. all rights reserved. back to top × module name × wishlist! × quantity notification 0 cart items in cart there are no items in the cart. auric