来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151215135202/http://www.apmex.com/testimonials
================================================================================

apmex reviews - gold dealer reviews - apmex.com reviews | apmex apmex 800.375.9006 | | register | login newly listed | back in stock | vault deals 0 cart top picks gold silver platinum & palladium vault deals apmexclusive® 2016 gold coins 2016 silver coins newly listed back in stock elite $2,500+ gold top picks united states mint american eagles gold buffalos high relief coins first spouse coins us commems pre-1933 us gold royal canadian mint maple leafs .99999 gold bullion lunar coins modern commems vintage coins mexican mint libertads commems & all others vintage pesos perth mint bars kangaroos lunar series all other popular world mints australia gold coins austrian mint british royal mint china gold coins holy land mint of israel monnaie de paris new zealand singapore mint south african mint valcambi ira products gold bars & rounds by manufacturer by weight all other world gold gold from africa gold from asia gold from central america & caribbean gold from europe gold from middle east gold from india gold from south america gold from south pacific ancient & medieval gold coins other gold products gold gift ideas product manager picks award-winning coins gold error coins gold jewelry gold cufflinks gold pendants gold coin bezels gold pendant chains gold earrings gold bracelets gold rings gold key rings gold clearance & specials mexico gold 50 pesos agw 1.2057 (random year) shop now silver top picks united states mint silver eagles america the beautiful commems silver dollar coins royal canadian mint maple leafs wolf series birds of prey series wildlife series bullion commems collectible commems silver bars all other mexican mint libertads commems all other perth mint silver kangaroos shark series lunar coins koalas kookaburras all other popular world mints african wildlife series armenian noah's ark australia silver coins austrian mint british royal mint china silver coins cit silver coins mint of poland monnaie de paris new zealand mint scottsdale mint valcambi ira products silver rounds by brand by weight by theme silver bars by brand by weight by theme hand poured silver silver all other 90%, 40%, 35% silver 90% silver by type 40% silver by type 35% war nickels other us silver coinage ancient & medieval silver & bronze coins other silver products holiday bars & rounds product manager picks award-winning coins silver error coins biblical series silver bullets world silver silver from africa silver from asia silver from central america & caribbean silver from europe silver from middle east silver from south america silver from south pacific silver everywhere else silver jewelry silver clearance & specials 7 oz silver bar - bison bullion (eagle mask/1st 50 issued) shop now platinum & palladium top picks platinum united states mint platinum eagles royal canadian mint platinum maple leafs platinum commems australia platinum coins platypus coins koala coins platinum bars & rounds by brand by weight popular world mints china isle of man switzerland valcambi all other countries platinum clearance items & specials industrial platinum ira products top picks palladium royal canadian mint russia palladium coins 1 oz ballerina coins 1/2 oz ballerina coins 1/4 oz ballerina coins popular world mints bermuda valcambi palladium bars & rounds by brand by weight industrial palladium ira products 50x 1 gram platinum combibar™ - valcambi (in assay) shop now deals other items copper copper rounds copper bars us coins pre-1933 us gold silver dollar coins other dollar coins half dollar coins quarters 20 cent pieces dimes half dimes nickels 3 cent nickels 3 cent silver 2 cent pieces cents half cents all other coins us coin sets us proof sets us mint sets us coin & currency sets us currency (large) treasury or coin notes u.s. notes legal tender gold certificates silver certificates federal reserve bank notes federal reserve notes other us currency colonial currency obsolete bank notes hawaii currency north africa currency mpc's us currency (small) $1,000 frn's $500 frn's $100 frn's all other frn's $10 - $100 gold certificates $1 - $10 silver certificates $1 - $100 u.s. notes $5 - $100 federal reserve bank notes uncut currency sheets national bank notes confederate currency us fractional currency ancient & medieval coins world coins and currency supplies (storage) coin & bar capsules intercept coin holders coin & bar tubes official monster boxes coin & bar storage boxes intercept storage boxes presentation & gift boxes coin storage albums he harris coin holders snap tite coin holders holiday coin & bar holders supplies (all other) coin flips magnifiers / loupes gauges & calipers coin dip and protectors cloth money bags books jewelry 1 oz copper round - maple leaf shop now sell to us top products we buy selling to apmex trading hours why apmex apmex reviews faqs quickship® education ira tools & alerts apmex club international contact us secure storage we're sorry, it appears that javascript is disabled in your browser. to view and use the site apmex.com, please enable javascript. apmex apmex reviews #1 specialty eretailer 2015 internet retailer magazine #46 out of 500 eretailers internet retailer magazine review apmex reviews as a leading precious metals e-retailer, our online store carries a vast, high-quality selection of bullion and collectible products. our secure website also offers easy-to-find deals, educational resources and a place to sell simply and quickly. your apmex.com review will let everyone know how easy it is to find the products and services you were looking for. talk about our silver and gold pricing. we’re dedicated to no surprises and no-hidden-cost pricing. you’ll find this isn’t always the case in other silver and gold dealer reviews, but we’re committed to updating spot and buy prices in real time. share your buying or selling experience in an apmex review to let others know that what they see is what they get. give us an apmex.com review. apmex reviews show shoppers why we’re the top precious metals retailer in the country. we pride ourselves on transparency and welcome apmex complaints and compliments equally. if you’ve shopped with us, we consider your apmex review to be valuable feedback. we hope you’ll share your experience in an apmex review so other investors who use silver and gold dealer reviews to find a retailer they can trust will know they can stop looking. they’ve found apmex. tell others about our service. we have a 98 percent customer satisfaction rating. we owe that to the convenience of our website, fast shipping and the dedication of our account managers and customer service representatives who gracefully resolve the rare apmex complaints into positive apmex reviews. if you’ve worked with our staff, feel free to give a shout-out. more positive customer feedback. great service... my order was delivered very quickly and packaged appropriately. it was like christmas! phil just recieved my order today, 1st time buyer, well packaged. will be buying more again, thank you so much for your excellent service. micheal i enjoy the simplicity of ordering on-line with apmex. no minimum and free shipping for orders over $100. sent bank check and order was shipped immediately upon receipt. robert the excellent customer service, discreet packaging, and prompt delivery has kept me coming back for more! fred i am a repeat customer. i have never been disappointed concetta have ordered over 50 ounces of coins & bars from apmex and only quality coins have they delivered. their website is 5 star and very nicely laid out. thier service excellent. apmex you know how to do it correctly; if only the rest of the online vendors knew how to provide this kind of service. as far as i am concerned you have set the bar (pun intended) high for you the rest of online suppliers! thanks! greg i received my order in 2 days in an indestructible package. apmex does everything right from sale to delivery. mike apmex - 100% satisfaction in their service. they are now my exclusive go to pm supplier. marian the delivery was very speedy and apmex always packages my orders great. nobody will know what you're ordering so it's safe. great job apmex! brandon these guys,(apmex),are simply exceptional. fast delivery, fast processing....everything is fast and just perfect with these guys patrick apmex is great, started investing a few weeks ago in bullion. literally stumbled upon apmex on a search engine, having no knowledge of any sources of bullion. found apmex first and decided to purchase two 1 oz. silver eagles and let me say, apmex has exceptional customer service as well as products. they really put care into handing the precious metals and insuring it makes it to your door the correct way. 100% satisfied so far, believe i'm up to 5 separate purchases now and will continue to stay loyal to apmex if they continue to carry out their business in this high quality fashion. at the end of the day it’s bullion, but it's very important to make sure you know the people you're buying it from, as demonstrated in a local coin and collectible shop but that's a story for another time. in conclusion, go apmex, you rock. dean wonderful customer service. apmex customer service is nice. i want to return and spend more. they kept me informed at all levels and more importantly no surprises. they get an a+. troy apmex has proven itself to me time after time with prompt delivery and their interest in satisfying me as a consumer. i am certain i come in toward the bottom of the list of spending, but even for 1 one gram silver bar, apmex provides he best in service, including phone support. rick quick delivery item arrived in good condition and was exactly as described! benjamin delivery with apmex is so fast and so it should be when you’re dealing with precious metals, i usually receive my order @my door in two days and i love the free shipping on orders of $100's or more. i can't speak on customer service because i have yet to have a bad experience with apmex but if it's anything like their delivery and quality of product then i have nothing to fear, i'm in good hands. wesley apmex offers unique items along with very competitive pricing on the standard rounds and bars. all products arrive well packed and in excellent condition. they even included a free guide to precious metal investments. i enjoy checking out the assortment of metals and paper currency they have to offer. apmex is much more than a "click and buy" store. david turnaround time from date of order until delivery was exceptionally quick. package labeling was private, and packaging was excellent, all items are well secured and safe for transport. andrew i am always happy with apmex quick shipping excellent service and the products always show up discreet and carefully packaged. i just placed another order tonight can't wait for it to show up. thanks again. jake my delivery was just like they said on the website. coins come in a discreet, very tightly sealed package by ups. i track all my shipments from the time it leaves apmex to my city. every time my package is scanned, i receive a message. alfreda i paid by check so they need 5-10 days to clear it. on the sixth day i received an email notifying me my package had been shipped. three days later it's at my door (standard shipping). my items were packaged well and the box received no damage at all. you can tell this is a quality company that aims for 100 percent satisfaction. bravo apmex. mr. norris as always exceptional packaging. the usps managed to take forever to deliver these (misdirecting this package twice on the way), but when i contacted apmex customer service about the problem, they were extremely polite and helpful. eric apmex customer service and shipping are outstanding. each time i place an order the next day it is ready to ship. a few hours later the tracking info comes over to my email and takes about 3 days until i receive the product. all products arrive in perfect condition each sealed in plastic bag. great job apmex! i will continue to buy only from this seller. jeff came a day early! very quick shipping and with the free shipping option i never have seen before apmex’s delivery was amazing! ozzzy as always, delivery was prompt, and secure and discreet & in excellent condition. the way apmex packages their parcels ensures safe delivery. i don't worry when i order from apmex. mike prompt shipping arrived exactly when they said it would (and we live in a remote area where we're used to delays.) very nice box, packing, papers, etc. compared to other sellers that cost more. will as always apmex shipped the coins in a virtually indestructible package. the coins were placed in individual plastic flips. then apmex placed the coins in a bubble-wrap bag - securely sealed shut. then, with what must be the strongest glue on earth, the bag itself is glued to the inside of the package so it doesn't thrash and crash around inside the package. the packaging is totally discrete, and it always arrives on time or even quicker. i don't worry when it comes to ordering from apmex. mike i have ordered over six times through apmex. always delivered on time, this website and the people behind it can be trusted. richard just wanted to call and let you know how much i appreciate all your help. i got my refund and decided to go to [a competitor] not for any other reason than they were a little cheaper. i was sooo disappointed with how i was treated, there was no customer service. wish now i'd never ordered from them. anthony i just want to say that i have dealt with very few companies that pack and ship as well as your company does…….thank you very much and keep up the great service. matt i recently purchased a few items for my ira, my ira rep was very professional and made the transaction painless. she is very much an asset to your company. great employees make great companies. don thank you. thank you. thank you so much. everything is great thanks to your efforts…... edwin thank you for excellent service. i will use apmex for future sales and purchases… bill merry christmas and thank you for making doing business with you pleasureable!! mike thank you very much for your help, super efficient and prompt…. garrett top notch product and variety. you guys to me are the very best in the industry. have more sales! kevin just wanted to let you kow i have received my order and i'm 100% satisfied! clinton i just want to praise you on your packaging of the coins i recently bought…..i ordered other american eagles silver dollars and they were not individually separated and wrapped like your company does them. i will definitely be a returning customer. sal for three months, i've been looking to begin investing in basic precious metals as an inflation hedge. i've spent considerable time comparing the most visible online brokers, including other well-respected, long-established businesses. apmex won. yelp review thank you for outstanding service during these past 3-4 years. you have made it possible for me to deliver product at low fees, in a timely manner and be a trusted source. ron yes, in my opinion this is the best company i have tried so far. illiana page: 1234...1920> about apmex why apmex apmex reviews leadership team careers contact us sitemap buying & selling precious metals ira sell to us apmex club storage international 2016 coin releases faqs overall faqs shipping & handling return policy payment faqs where is my order? sales & service m - th 8am - 8pm (et) friday 8am - 6pm (et) education why buy physical gold & silver how much should i buy how to buy physical gold & silver first-time buyers faqs precious metals guide policies privacy policy market loss policy user agreement connect with us 60k likes 1m views 17k followers 1k followers 240 pins blog 0.2m views stay informed of our special offers. sign up leading online precious metals retailer for over 15 years over 2.4 million ounces of gold sold | over 95 million ounces of silver sold apmex.com has a trustpilot rating of 4.8/5 based on 3055 ratings and reviews. © 2015 apmex, inc. all rights reserved. back to top × module name × wishlist! × quantity notification 0 cart items in cart there are no items in the cart. auric