来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161202213151/http://www.apmex.com/why-buy-physical-gold
================================================================================

why buying physical gold is a smart investment to protect wealth | apmex apmex 800.375.9006 | | register | login newly listed | back in stock | vault deals 0 cart top picks gold silver platinum palladium bullion rare coins vault deals 2017 gold coins 2017 silver coins newly listed back in stock elite $2,500+ apmexclusive® shop by mint gold top picks united states mint american eagles gold buffalos high relief coins first spouse coins us commems pre-1933 us gold royal canadian mint maple leafs .99999 gold bullion lunar coins modern commems vintage coins mexican mint libertads commems & all others vintage pesos perth mint bars kangaroos lunar series all other popular world mints african wildlife series australia gold coins austrian mint british royal mint china gold coins monnaie de paris new zealand pamp suisse singapore mint south african mint valcambi ira products gold bars & rounds by manufacturer by weight all other world gold gold from africa gold from asia gold from central america & caribbean gold from europe gold from middle east gold from india gold from south america gold from south pacific ancient & medieval gold coins other gold products gold gift ideas product manager picks innovative coins gold error coins gold jewelry gold cufflinks gold pendants gold coin bezels gold pendant chains gold earrings gold bracelets gold rings gold key rings gold clearance & specials 2017 australia 1 oz gold lunar year of the rooster bu (ram) shop now silver top picks united states mint silver eagles america the beautiful commems silver dollar coins royal canadian mint maple leafs wolf series superman coins predator series birds of prey series bullion commems collectible commems silver bars all other mexican mint libertads commems all other perth mint silver kangaroos shark series lunar coins koalas kookaburras all other popular world mints african wildlife series armenian noah's ark australia silver coins austrian mint british royal mint china silver coins cit silver coins mint of poland monnaie de paris new zealand mint pamp suisse scottsdale mint valcambi silver rounds by brand by weight by theme silver bars by brand by weight by theme hand poured silver silver all other 90%, 40%, 35% silver 90% silver by type 40% silver by type 35% war nickels ancient & medieval silver & bronze coins ira products other silver products winter holiday movie-themed coins product manager picks innovative coins silver lunar series biblical series silver bullets world silver silver from africa silver from asia silver from central america & caribbean silver from europe silver from middle east silver from south america silver from south pacific silver everywhere else silver jewelry silver clearance & specials 1 oz silver bar - hanukkah bar (w/blue pouch & capsule) shop now platinum platinum bars & rounds by brand by weight united states mint platinum eagles royal canadian mint platinum maple leafs platinum commems australia platinum coins platypus coins koala coins popular world mints african wildlife series austria china isle of man switzerland valcambi all other countries platinum clearance items & specials industrial platinum ira products isle of man 1 oz platinum noble bu/proof shop now deals collectibles top picks collectibles & rare coins half cents cents 2 cent pieces 3 cent silver 3 cent nickels nickels half dimes dimes 20 cent pieces quarters half dollars silver dollars other dollar coins pre-33 us gold silver dollar coins us coin sets us proof sets silver proof sets us mint sets ancient & medieval coins world coins & currency us fractional currency popular currency us currency (large) u.s. notes legal tender gold certificates silver certificates federal reserve bank notes federal reserve notes other us currency colonial currency obsolete bank notes hawaii currency north africa currency mpc's us currency (small) $1,000 frn's $500 frn's $100 frn's all other frn's $10 - $100 gold certificates $1 - $10 silver certificates $1- $100 u.s. notes $5 - $100 federal reserve bank notes uncut currency sheets national bank notes confederate currency recently added collectibles & rare coins shop now other items palladium bars & rounds by weight by brand palladium maple leafs russia palladium coins industrial palladium copper copper rounds copper bars jewelry silver statues coins rare coins books supplies (all other) coin flips magnifiers / loupes gauges & calipers coin dip and protectors cloth money bags supplies (storage) coin & bar capsules intercept coin holders coin & bar tubes official monster boxes coin & bar storage boxes intercept storage boxes presentation & gift boxes coin storage albums he harris coin holders snap tite coin holders holiday coin & bar holders russia 1 oz palladium ballerina bu (random year) shop now sell to us top products we buy selling to apmex trading hours why apmex apmex reviews faqs quickship® education ira tools & alerts apmex club international contact us secure storage we're sorry, it appears that javascript is disabled in your browser. to view and use the site apmex.com, please enable javascript. apmex why buy physical gold & silver? science scientific properties of precious metals new and innovative technologies in minting what is the minting process? how to recycle gold where is gold mined? what is fine gold? what is gold - gold au element periodic table and gold facts is silver a metal? what is silver - silver ag element periodic table and silver facts precious metal sizes available at apmex investing why pcgs and ngc-graded coins are a good investment platinum and palladium are great investments too is copper a good investment? history of modern bullion investments what is an etf? part ii what is the comex? five reasons for buying precious metals why buying jewelry from a precious metals retailer is better than buying at a jewelry store precious metals investing vs. stock market investing what is an etf? brexit what is a bull market? what is a bear market? the gold to platinum ratio why silver is a good place to start investing how gold and silver values stack up against traditional currency reasons why people buy precious metals what are secondary market metals what are sovereign mints and private mints? why buying mercury dimes is a worthy and fun investment gold vs. bitcoin what is first strike? what is brilliant uncirculated & almost uncirculated? what is the difference between a coin and a round? the best way to buy silver investing in silver what is silver worth? silver uses affect the silver price per ounce today buy platinum instead of silver the price of silver pandas over time silver in the 21st century how does supply and demand impact purchasing precious metals? currency in failed economy bullion native american coins history rounds or coins? does one have better value than the other? who is the indian on the gold buffalo coin? what is 90% silver? - junk silver what are the industrial uses of metals? what is production silver? what are fractional coin sizes? do not forget about palladium platinum products for beginners buying platinum - why platinum is today's rich man's gold what are the common coin types how rare is platinum? what is junk silver? what is bullion? why buy palladium? why buy platinum? price the importance of monitoring precious metals prices is today’s gold price worth it? can i buy precious metal coins, bars or rounds at spot price? what is bid price vs. ask price? understanding premium over spot history important legislative coin acts cultural signficance of gold and silver china pandas 30th anniversary of the silver american eagles the story of the pre-1933 gold double eagle coins history of the obverse silver eagle design king tut's secret room of gold: myth or fact? who is the indian on the gold buffalo coin? how were ancient coins produced? facts and fun information about the california gold rush history 101: the role of coins in currency where are coins minted in the u.s.? where is platinum mined? shipwreck silver - notable shipwreck silver and shipwreck coins what are national bank notes? a brief history of confederate currency precious metals of the bible silver thursday historical event palladium price chart & precious metals prices gold and platinum prices gold standard definition and the gold standard in u.s. history current live gold prices reflect a history of beautiful decorations,conquest and science what is a troy ounce? silver in the 21st century collectibles common mint errors who are silver stackers and what do they do? how are coin designs chosen for the america the beautiful coins? differences in numismatic coin sets hand-poured gold and silver rare modern bullion coins what do you do when you find a rare coin? what are mint error coins? how much gold and silver are in an olympic medal? 5 unique coins you have to collect what is a wheat penny? why you should use coin storage accessories and not household items fiat currency: what it is, how it affects gold prices and its history must-knows of coin collecting what are one-year type coins? 10 coolest coins at apmex the price of silver pandas over time numismatics five private mints and what makes them unique why are some coins auctioned off for millions while others are not? why are philharmonics so valuable and special to austria? numismatic coins vs. old currency: where value is determined this rare quarter is more valuable than you think why the 1794 silver dollar fetched millions of dollars at auction - twice what are gold doubloons? what is a mercury dime worth? what is a numismatist? what is a mercury dime? what are national bank notes? how to tell the differences between silver, platinum and palladium discover different types of coin finishes, designs and grades what is a bu (brilliant uncirculated) coin? what is a burnished coin? what is a high relief coin? what is an ultra high relief coin? what is an antique coin? what is a proof coin? what is a reverse proof coin? what is a rimless design coin? what is a tamper proof or tamper evident coin? what is a nugget? be aware of buying gold at pawn shops what is a cull coin? what nickels are silver? videos press releases blog faq why buy physical gold & silver? when you buy precious metals, you invest in an asset class that is as old as civilization itself. not surprisingly, these ancient storehouses of wealth can play important roles in a modern portfolio. purchasing power because the global supply is relatively finite, gold’s relative purchasing power has historically remained stable during inflationary times. worldwide demand an ounce of gold and silver is the same ounce of gold and silver with the same recognized value anywhere in the world. this makes the physical metal easy to trade. intrinsic value some coins stay in families for generations. even over decades of time, each recipient realizes the value of their inheritance. physical precious metals can be a means of passing tangible wealth onto future generations. balance precious metals prices generally move independent of stocks and bonds. in a downturn, they could provide the one bright spot your portfolio needs. their low correlation to other assets makes precious metals ideal for balancing any portfolio. market timing is difficult for any investment. that is one reason many investors look beyond day-to-day price movements and buy physical gold or silver as long-term investments. when planning to hold an asset like physical gold for 3-5 years or more, it is less important to consider the current cost of the metal and more important to examine its historical performance in relation to other investments. depending on your budget, personal objectives and investment time horizon, you may consider a dollar cost averaging investment strategy. dollar cost averaging is a conservative approach that involves dividing the total sum to be invested into equal amounts and investing those fixed amounts at regular intervals over time. this approach enables you to scale up or down with the market. helpful resources how to buy gold and silver - basic terms explained (3:57) investing in precious metals has a language all its own and some definitions will surprise you.watch video what the rest of the world knows about gold from a financial perspective, european settlers came from economies that valued gold as currency. download article why buy physical gold? why buy gold? when you purchase precious metals, you are buying an asset valued since ancient times. recognized viscerally by humans, gold always has been and always will be a viable investment and commodity. but why? what makes gold a good investment now? why is buying physical gold a good idea today? let’s examine what makes buying physical gold an excellent investment and collecting opportunity. physical gold physical gold adds security to your investment portfolio. as there is a finite amount of gold in the world, gold’s relative purchasing power tends to remain stable during periods of inflation. for example, in 1985, the cost of an ounce of gold was about the cost of a nice men’s suit. allowing for some peaks and valleys in the market, today, one ounce of gold still costs about the same as a nice men’s suit. gold prices do fluctuate, but they generally move independent of the stock market. for a stable investment independent of stocks and bonds that can protect your purchasing power long term, buy physical gold. as mentioned above, the market for precious metals generally moves independent from stocks and bonds. if you buy physical gold, you can balance your portfolio so you need not fear the nyse. in an economic slowdown, your precious metals may provide a comforting, stable point among your investments. you can easily look up historical gold prices to see this balance for yourself. additionally, gold is recognized the world over as carrying intrinsic value. if you wish to sell or trade your gold in the future, you know there will always be a market for it. if you wish to endow your loved ones with a tangible inheritance, you know that gold will only be more valuable in another lifetime. you might buy physical gold for any or all of these reasons. how to buy physical gold now that you understand why buying gold is a good use of your investment dollar, you may need guidance regarding how to buy physical gold. luckily, buying physical gold is simple. if you choose an established, well-regarded precious metals company, you can buy with confidence. buying physical gold should be an enjoyable part of your investment journey. consider working with apmex to experience the thrill of buying physical gold free from worry. a common first purchase is the gold american eagle, one of the most popular gold bullion items with investors. 1 oz gold american eagle (random year) view product the best part of buying physical gold is there is absolutely no wrong reason to do so. even if you simply find gold beautiful and want to own some, if you buy physical gold from apmex, you will be making a good investment choice. why buy silver? why buy silver? silver was the first metal used as currency more than 4,000 years ago, when silver ingots were used in trading. when you purchase silver, you are buying an asset valued since ancient times. recognized innately by humans as valuable, silver has always been a viable investment and commodity. but what makes silver a good investment now? why is buying physical silver a good idea today? let’s examine what makes buying physical silver a great investment and collecting opportunity. physical silver as there is a finite amount of silver in the world, silver’s relative purchasing power tends to remain stable. for example, in 1985, the cost of an ounce of silver would just about buy two movie tickets. allowing for some peaks and valleys in the market, today, one ounce of silver costs slightly less than a pair of movie tickets while the price in dollars has tripled. silver prices do fluctuate, but they generally move independent of the stock market. if you want a stable investment that can protect your purchasing power long term, consider buying physical silver. similar to the function of gold in an investment portfolio, silver can provide balance to your investments. because silver prices move independent of stocks and bonds, physical silver may be the stable element your portfolio needs in the event of a downturn. additionally, silver is recognized the world over as carrying intrinsic value. if you would consider selling or trading your silver anywhere, at any time, you know there will always be a market for it. how to buy physical silver now that you understand why buying silver is a good use of your investment dollar, you may need guidance regarding how to buy physical silver. luckily, buying physical silver is easy. if you choose an established, well-regarded precious metals company, you can buy with confidence. buying physical silver should be an enjoyable part of your investment journey. consider working with apmex to experience the thrill of buying physical silver. for example, you may choose a beautiful 1922 silver dollar. the 1922 silver dollar has bullion value due to its silver content, as well as collectible value due to its brief minting. 1922-1935 peace silver dollars vg-xf view product the great thing about buying physical silver is that there is absolutely no wrong reason to get started. even if you simply find silver captivating and want to own some, buying physical silver from apmex ensures you will be making a good investment choice. talk live with one of our specialists. email us call us monday - thursday 8am - 8pm (et) friday 8am - 6pm (et) stay informed of our special offers. sign up customer care where is my order? contact us frequently asked questions shipping & delivery returns & exchanges payment faqs my account portfolio tool market alerts price alerts product reviews account settings buying & selling precious metals ira sell to us storage international apmex club education how much should i buy how to buy precious metals guide market reports in the news about apmex why apmex apmex reviews how we give leadership team careers sitemap connect trustpilot apmex.com has a trustscore of 4.8/5 based on 6853 reviews. © 2016 apmex, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy | market loss policy | user agreement × module name × wishlist! × current quantities available 0 cart items in cart there are no items in the cart. platinum