来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161202213151/http://www.apmex.com/ira-benefits-gold-ira-silver-ira
================================================================================

precious metals ira | gold ira | silver ira | apmex apmex 800.375.9006 | | register | login newly listed | back in stock | vault deals 0 cart top picks gold silver platinum palladium bullion rare coins vault deals 2017 gold coins 2017 silver coins newly listed back in stock elite $2,500+ apmexclusive® shop by mint gold top picks united states mint american eagles gold buffalos high relief coins first spouse coins us commems pre-1933 us gold royal canadian mint maple leafs .99999 gold bullion lunar coins modern commems vintage coins mexican mint libertads commems & all others vintage pesos perth mint bars kangaroos lunar series all other popular world mints african wildlife series australia gold coins austrian mint british royal mint china gold coins monnaie de paris new zealand pamp suisse singapore mint south african mint valcambi ira products gold bars & rounds by manufacturer by weight all other world gold gold from africa gold from asia gold from central america & caribbean gold from europe gold from middle east gold from india gold from south america gold from south pacific ancient & medieval gold coins other gold products gold gift ideas product manager picks innovative coins gold error coins gold jewelry gold cufflinks gold pendants gold coin bezels gold pendant chains gold earrings gold bracelets gold rings gold key rings gold clearance & specials 2017 australia 1 oz gold lunar year of the rooster bu (ram) shop now silver top picks united states mint silver eagles america the beautiful commems silver dollar coins royal canadian mint maple leafs wolf series superman coins predator series birds of prey series bullion commems collectible commems silver bars all other mexican mint libertads commems all other perth mint silver kangaroos shark series lunar coins koalas kookaburras all other popular world mints african wildlife series armenian noah's ark australia silver coins austrian mint british royal mint china silver coins cit silver coins mint of poland monnaie de paris new zealand mint pamp suisse scottsdale mint valcambi silver rounds by brand by weight by theme silver bars by brand by weight by theme hand poured silver silver all other 90%, 40%, 35% silver 90% silver by type 40% silver by type 35% war nickels ancient & medieval silver & bronze coins ira products other silver products winter holiday movie-themed coins product manager picks innovative coins silver lunar series biblical series silver bullets world silver silver from africa silver from asia silver from central america & caribbean silver from europe silver from middle east silver from south america silver from south pacific silver everywhere else silver jewelry silver clearance & specials 1 oz silver bar - hanukkah bar (w/blue pouch & capsule) shop now platinum platinum bars & rounds by brand by weight united states mint platinum eagles royal canadian mint platinum maple leafs platinum commems australia platinum coins platypus coins koala coins popular world mints african wildlife series austria china isle of man switzerland valcambi all other countries platinum clearance items & specials industrial platinum ira products isle of man 1 oz platinum noble bu/proof shop now deals collectibles top picks collectibles & rare coins half cents cents 2 cent pieces 3 cent silver 3 cent nickels nickels half dimes dimes 20 cent pieces quarters half dollars silver dollars other dollar coins pre-33 us gold silver dollar coins us coin sets us proof sets silver proof sets us mint sets ancient & medieval coins world coins & currency us fractional currency popular currency us currency (large) u.s. notes legal tender gold certificates silver certificates federal reserve bank notes federal reserve notes other us currency colonial currency obsolete bank notes hawaii currency north africa currency mpc's us currency (small) $1,000 frn's $500 frn's $100 frn's all other frn's $10 - $100 gold certificates $1 - $10 silver certificates $1- $100 u.s. notes $5 - $100 federal reserve bank notes uncut currency sheets national bank notes confederate currency collectibles & rare coins – fall savings shop now other items palladium bars & rounds by weight by brand palladium maple leafs russia palladium coins industrial palladium copper copper rounds copper bars jewelry silver statues coins rare coins books supplies (all other) coin flips magnifiers / loupes gauges & calipers coin dip and protectors cloth money bags supplies (storage) coin & bar capsules intercept coin holders coin & bar tubes official monster boxes coin & bar storage boxes intercept storage boxes presentation & gift boxes coin storage albums he harris coin holders snap tite coin holders holiday coin & bar holders russia 1 oz palladium ballerina bu (random year) shop now sell to us top products we buy selling to apmex trading hours why apmex apmex reviews faqs quickship® education ira tools & alerts apmex club international contact us secure storage we're sorry, it appears that javascript is disabled in your browser. to view and use the site apmex.com, please enable javascript. apmex precious metals ira precious metals ira consider weakening currencies, international tensions and natural disasters in a world where light-speed communications can turn any geopolitical murmur into a major shock to the financial system. physical gold, silver, platinum and palladium provide protection against these major financial shocks by creating a strategically balanced investment portfolio. precious metals give your retirement portfolio the benefit of: a hedge for purchasing power when inflation devalues paper currency, the relative purchasing power of gold and silver generally remains intact. insurance for other investments precious metals values generally move independently of stocks, bonds, and treasury bills, making them a possible hedge against unstable markets and keeping your portfolio balanced. a precious metals ira is a self-directed ira. you can invest in your choice of ira-approved products. apmex specialists are available to help you diversify your assets into a precious metals portfolio. any profits from the sales of your investments can be tax deferred, just like any profits from any ira, as long as you keep the proceeds from your sale with your custodian for reinvestment or transfer the proceeds to another ira account. apmex helps you get the most from a precious metals ira. we have specialists dedicated to helping you every step of the way. they can be reached at (800) 418-0235 or by email, ira@apmex.com. how to get started open a custodian account the irs requires that you keep your ira precious metals in a custodian account. the custodians listed below have working relationships with apmex and offer high quality, reliable service that we value. fund the account once you have opened a custodian account, you can fund a new account, transfer or roll over an existing ira or former employer 401(k). any questions, please contact an apmex ira specialist at (800) 418-0235. purchase approved products once your account is funded, call apmex and purchase products for your ira. we have many bullion products that qualify for a precious metals ira. precious metals ira (2:38) did you know you could have more than one ira? or how easy it is to set up an ira just for precious metals? see how easy it is to set up a new ira or roll over funds from an existing ira or 401(k). silver ira and gold ira investing video let’s face it, we live in uncertain times. economic turmoil, weakening currencies and light speed communications that drive through the financial markets in a heartbeat. it’s no wonder that investors protect their portfolios with one of history’s best economic insurance policies: physical precious metals. but what about your most important portfolio? your retirement portfolio. did you know you can have more than one ira? do you know how easy it is to create a separate ira, just for precious metals? yes, easy. in fact, very easy. you can set up a new ira or rollover funds from an existing ira or 401(k) from a former employer and with help from an apmex ira specialist, it’s even easier. easy as 1-2-3. first, talk to an apmex ira specialist. you can reach us by phone 1-800-418-0235 or by emailing ira@apmex.com. we'll show you how easy it is to setup and roll over funds into a precious metals ira and how to get the most from them. next, you'll need a custodian account. if you have one already, great! we'll be happy to work with your custodian. if you don't, we know a number of reliable and trustworthy ira custodians to properly vault, care for and insure your physical precious metals. finally, once you set up and fund your custodian account, call us back and we'll help you choose the ira approved investments that best meet your needs. many of the highest quality bullion products qualify for a precious metals ira. these include some of the more popular gold, silver, platinum and palladium coins from around the world. plus, bars and rounds from nymex- or comex- approved refiners and assayers. unfortunately, collectible coins with numismatic value do not qualify as ira investments at this present time, but we have hundreds of products at apmex that can go into a precious metals ira and get you on the fast track to diversified retirement investing. get started now. call an apmex ira specialist at 1-800-418-0235 today or email us at ira@apmex.com. see how easy it is to add precious metals to your most important investment portfolio, your retirement portfolio. custodians the entrust group 555 12th street #1250 oakland, ca 94607 toll free: 877.545.0544 fax: 775.850.9118 www.entrustgoldira.com self directed ira services, inc. 7901 woodway drive, suite 200 waco, tx 76712 toll free: 866.928.9394 fax: 512.495.9554 www.sdiraservices.com goldstar trust company p.o. box 719 canyon, tx 79015 toll free: 800.486.6888 fax: 806.655.2530 www.goldstartrust.com equity institutional p.o. box 451159 westlake, oh 44145 toll free: 800.955.3434 fax: 440.366.3750 www.equityinstitutional.com new direction ira, inc. 1070 w. century drive, suite 101 louisville, co 80027 toll free: 877.742.1270 fax: 303.665.5962 www.gold.newdirectionira.com kingdom trust company sioux falls, sd, chicago, il, murray, ky toll free: 888.753.6972 fax: 270.226.1001 www.kingdomtrustco.com precious metals ira frequently asked questions can i have more than one ira? yes. an investor may have multiple iras, but no matter how many you have your total annual contribution limits remain the same. can i transfer money from an existing ira account to fund my precious metal ira, without incurring any tax penalties? yes. if you have an existing ira or 401(k), the easiest way to set up a new precious metal ira is by transfer. you transfer the amount you want to invest in a new ira, and there are no tax penalties. your ira custodian knows exactly how to do this and will facilitate the process. what types of iras are eligible to transfer or roll over? all iras (traditional ira, roth ira, sep ira, simple ira, solo) are eligible for direct roll over. ask your ira custodian for details or any limitations. can i open a new ira with a contribution? yes, you can open a new ira with a contribution, and your annual contribution limit remains the same. does apmex have a minimum dollar amount for an ira purchase? yes, the minimum purchase from apmex for an ira is $2,000 (usd). is there a minimum dollar amount when i wish to sell my ira precious metals back to apmex? yes, our minimum purchase for all sales to apmex is $1,000 (usd). what is the difference between investing in a precious metal ira and owning a precious metal etf? etfs, or exchange traded funds, are most popular with traders and investors who need to quickly move in and out of markets. physical metals are favored by those who buy and hold. if you own the physical metal you always have the option of taking physical possession of the actual metal, while an etf is a paper instrument with counterparty risks. for more information, download our ira pdf or talk to one of our ira specialists by phone at (800) 418-0235 or by email at ira@apmex.com. silver ira and gold ira investing guide diversify your retirement savings with a precious metals ira contact us: 800.418.0235 ira@apmex.com cautionary statement this section is for informational purposes only and is not to be relied on as a recommendation or an offer to buy, hold or sell any product or service to which this information may relate. while the information is obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee that it is accurate or complete. while physical precious metals may offer benefits not associated with other asset classes, they may be subject to storage, liquidity, accessibility, price volatility and other issues that should be considered in determining suitability as an investment. all investors should make their own determination of whether or not to make any investment, based on their own respective independent evaluation and analysis. all apmex orders, purchases and sales, if any, are subject to the terms of the user agreement and other applicable policies. reasons to invest apmex has identified five primary reasons why an investor purchases precious metals: - wealth protection - wealth accumulation - portfolio diversification - hedge against governments, big business & economic/currency collapse - coin collecting two ways to invest with apmex, there are two ways to own precious metals: - buy to hold (buy, take delivery or use secure storage) - self-directed ira (use retirement funds, metals held in a depository on your behalf) what is a self-directed ira? a self-directed ira is an ira that allows non-traditional assets such as precious metals to be held as the investment. some brokerage companies may allow for a self-directed option, but may not allow alternative investments like physical metals. why consider a precious metals ira? precious metals in a self-directed ira: - may be the best option for the individual investor as they allow you to strategically balance your portfolio. - may help to create a balanced portfolio, due to gold’s negative correlation to the stock market. - provide what many consider the fourth asset class (gold) working in conjunction with traditional stocks, bonds and cash. - help your portfolio achieve what many analysts recommend: a 4-12% allocation in gold and silver. advantages a self-directed ira provides: - all the benefits of other iras. - alternative investments in assets such as precious metals that other iras do not allow. - the owner control of their ira. precious metal types - bullion: value of the coin, bar or round is based solely on the metal content. - semi-numismatic: coins that have value based on both their metal content and their potential collectible value. - numismatic: coins with prices that depend more on factors such as rarity, condition, dates and mintmarks than on their precious metal content. product information product highlights for precious metals iras: - primarily funded with bullion. - minimum fineness requirements as set by the irs: gold: .995 fine (american gold eagle is the only exception) silver: .999 fine platinum: .9995 fine palladium: .9995 fine - the only semi-numismatic coins allowed are proof american eagles in gold, silver or platinum. - numismatic coins are not ira acceptable. step 1: select & open a custodian account - apmex is able to work with any and all ira custodians who offer a precious metals ira. step 2: fund the account - transfer an existing ira or former employer 401(k). - roll over an existing ira or 401(k). - contribution(s). step 3: purchase your products - once your account is funded, call apmex and purchase products for your ira. you choose the metals you want. we then lock in a price and give you all the information you need to complete the transaction. step 4: complete the transaction - the custodian will provide payment to apmex from your account and apmex will ship your metals to a depository. keep in mind - if you do not have a custodian, we can recommend several custodians that have served our customers well. - with the help of your self-directed custodian or administrator, you may transfer all or part of an existing ira. - an investor may have more than one ira account, but the maximum annual contribution remains the same. - you cannot contribute bullion coins you already own to your precious metals ira. apmex advantage buying through apmex allows for: - competitive pricing, which increases the value of your investment. - a dedicated ira specialist to help you understand your options and walk you through the process. - transparency of buying and selling as you see our buy price (the price we would pay you if you were selling) and the sell price (the price you pay us) on our website. - no additional fee for purchasing ira products through apmex – the price you see is the price you pay. - a large selection of ira approved products —you can choose the products that make sense for your portfolio. keep in mind that for products to qualify for a precious metals ira, they must meet minimum fineness requirements as set by the irs (the gold american eagle is the only exception). gold: .995 fine silver: .999 fine platinum: .9995 fine palladium: .9995 fine 3 basics of retirement planning because your ira may be your most important investment portfolio, you’ll want to... start early so you have more savings available when it comes time to retire. take advantage of tax benefits discuss with your accountant, financial advisor or ira custodian. diversify this is as important in a retirement fund as it is in any investment portfolio. talk live with one of our specialists. email us call us monday - thursday 8am - 8pm (et) friday 8am - 6pm (et) stay informed of our special offers. sign up customer care where is my order? contact us frequently asked questions shipping & delivery returns & exchanges payment faqs my account portfolio tool market alerts price alerts product reviews account settings buying & selling precious metals ira sell to us storage international apmex club education how much should i buy how to buy precious metals guide market reports in the news about apmex why apmex apmex reviews how we give leadership team careers sitemap connect trustpilot apmex.com has a trustscore of 4.8/5 based on 6805 reviews. © 2016 apmex, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy | market loss policy | user agreement × module name × wishlist! × current quantities available 0 cart items in cart there are no items in the cart. auric