来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171227135928/https://www.apmex.com/precious-metals-guide
================================================================================

education - precious metals guide | apmex gold $1,344.40($13.30) silver $16.66($0.11) platinum $951.70($0.70) palladium $978.30$3.40 view charts x call us: 800.375.9006 free shipping on orders over $99 sign in or create account cart: (0) best sellers gold silver platinum palladium rare coins vault deals apmex branded mintdirect® apmexclusive® shop by mint popular currency elite products new arrivals back in stock ira approved investor collections 2018 coins gold best sellers newly listed united states mint american eagles buffalos pre-1933 u.s. gold high reliefs commems & all other first spouses royal canadian mint maple leafs .99999 gold bullion commems & all other perth mint bars lunar series kangaroos swans commems & all other the royal mint britannias queen's beasts sovereigns commems & all other mexican mint libertads vintage pesos commems & all other other popular series chiwoo cheonwang elephants krugerrands pandas philharmonics shop by mint world gold by region africa asia central america & caribbean europe south america south pacific bars & rounds by weight by brand apmex credit suisse pamp suisse valcambi all other ancient & medieval ira products gold coins other products gift ideas lunars unique gold coins foil notes jewelry pendants bezels chains rings all other silver best sellers newly listed united states mint american eagles america the beautiful silver dollars commems & all other royal canadian mint maple leafs predator series bars commems & all other perth mint kangaroos lunar series swans kooks & koalas commems & all other the royal mint britannias queen's beasts commems & all other mexican mint libertads aztecs commems & all other other popular series archangels biblical chiwoo cheonwang czech lions dutch lions elephants krugerrands pandas philharmonics shop by mint world silver by region africa asia central america & caribbean europe south america south pacific bars by weight by brand apmex geiger valcambi rounds by weight by brand apmex by theme junk silver 90% silver 40% silver 35% war nickels hand-poured silver other products movie-themed products happy easter lunars bullets statues unique silver coins foil notes silver jewelry ancient silver & bronze coins ira products silver coins platinum & palladium united states mint platinum american eagles royal canadian mint platinum maple leafs commems perth mint platinum kangaroos all other platinum bars & rounds by weight by brand other popular platinum series elephants krugerrands pandas philharmonics queen's beasts world platinum by country great britain isle of man switzerland all other shop by mint united states mint palladium american eagles royal canadian mint palladium maple leafs moscow mint palladium ballerinas palladium bars & rounds by weight by brand deals rare coins best sellers pre-33 u.s. gold $20 liberty double eagles $20 saint-gaudens double eagles $10 liberty eagles $10 indian eagles $5 liberty half eagles $5 indian half eagles $3 gold princess $2.50 liberty quarter eagles $2.50 indian quarter eagles $1 type 1, 2 & 3 u.s. gold classic u.s. gold commemoratives other items collectibles and rare coins morgan silver dollars peace silver dollars half dollars quarters 20 cent pieces dimes half dimes nickels 3 cent nickels 3 cent silver 2 cent pieces cents half cents u.s. coin sets u.s. proof sets silver proof sets u.s. mint sets modern commemoratives gold commems silver commems vintage commemoratives gold commems silver commems ancient & medieval gold bronze & silver sets exonumia medals tokens all other other u.s. currency (large) u.s. notes legal tender gold certificates silver certificates federal reserve bank notes federal reserve notes treasury or coin notes u.s. currency (small) $1,000 federal reserve notes $500 federal reserve notes $100 federal reserve notes all other federal reserve notes $10-$100 gold certificates $1-$10 silver certificates $1-$100 u.s. notes $5-$100 federal reserve bank notes other u.s. currency colonial obsolete bank notes u.s. fractional currency north africa hawaii mpcs national bank notes large notes small notes confederate currency 1861 1862 1863 1864 world currency by region africa asia central america & caribbean europe north america south america south pacific shop by mint coin & currency sets sports memorabilia copper rounds bars other jewelry gold silver sports jewelry other items exonumia medals tokens storage & supplies presentation & gift boxes coin & bar storage coin & bar tubes intercept storage boxes official monster boxes coin flips & currency holders individual coin holders coin collecting albums coin dip & protectors cloth money bags magnifiers/loupes books sell to us top products we buy selling to apmex trading hours services ira secure storage alerts & tools international contact us we're sorry, it appears that javascript is disabled in your browser. to view and use the site apmex.com, please enable javascript. apmex precious metals guide – how to buy gold & silver numismatics best value products popular among investors numismatics trends toward modern coins shipwrecked gold set to make its debut the legend of the mexican libertad coin the priciest coins on the market top 10 rare coins at apmex top 10 silver coins for investment top 10 gold coins for investment rare coins list valuable coins in circulation what's my old coin worth? the history of large size u.s. currency why should i collect currency? what are graded coins? u.s. coin values how to tell the differences between artificially toned coins and naturally toned coins what is mint state condition? five private mints and what makes them unique why are some coins auctioned off for millions while others are not? why are philharmonics so valuable and special to austria? numismatic coins vs. old currency: where value is determined this rare quarter is more valuable than you think why the 1794 silver dollar fetched millions of dollars at auction - twice what are gold doubloons? what is a mercury dime worth? what is a numismatist? what is a mercury dime? what are national bank notes? how to tell the differences between silver, platinum and palladium discover different types of coin finishes, designs and grades what is a bu (brilliant uncirculated) coin? what is a burnished coin? what is a high relief coin? what is an ultra high relief coin? what is an antique coin? what is a proof coin? what is a reverse proof coin? what is a rimless design coin? what is a tamper proof or tamper evident coin? what is a nugget? be aware of buying gold at pawn shops what is a cull coin? what nickels are silver? grade can help determine coin value science a brief guide to precious metals in electronics precious metals in the medical field bitcoin mining which dimes are silver? what quarters are silver? what metal are pennies? does silver and gold decay? what is the difference between precious metals and base metals? what metal are quarters, dimes, nickels and pennies made of? scientific properties of precious metals new and innovative technologies in minting what is the minting process? how to recycle gold top 5 facts about gold where is gold mined? what is fine gold? what is gold - gold au element periodic table and gold facts is silver a metal? what is silver - silver ag element periodic table and silver facts precious metal sizes available at apmex investing gold and silver exchange trade funds bitcoin mining physical gold value vs bitcoin value what backs bitcoin? precious metals vs. bitcoin how does bitcoin work? how do you use bitcoin to buy gold and silver? how do you invest in bitcoin? can bitcoin be used internationally? what is first strike? when to buy silver or gold why pcgs and ngc-graded coins are a good investment platinum and palladium are great investments too is copper a good investment? history of modern bullion investments what is an etf? part ii what is the comex? five reasons for buying precious metals why buying jewelry from a precious metals retailer is better than buying at a jewelry store precious metals investing vs. stock market investing what is an etf? brexit what is a bull market? what is a bear market? the gold to platinum ratio why silver is a good place to start investing how gold and silver values stack up against traditional currency reasons why people buy precious metals what are secondary market metals what are sovereign mints and private mints? why buying mercury dimes is a worthy and fun investment gold vs. bitcoin what is brilliant uncirculated & almost uncirculated? what is the difference between a coin and a round? the best way to buy silver investing in silver what is silver worth? silver uses affect the silver price per ounce today consider buying platinum instead of silver the price of silver pandas over time silver in the 21st century how does supply and demand impact purchasing precious metals? currency in failed economy bullion what is limited mintage? united states mint discusses planned presidential and military medals silver series i've bought all this bullion: now what? your questions about bullion, answered! building a global coin collection top 10 silver coins for investment top 10 gold coins for investment bitcoin mining physical gold value vs bitcoin value the right time to sell gold britannias and philharmonics native american coins history rounds or coins? does one have better value than the other? who is the indian on the gold buffalo coin? what are the industrial uses of metals? what is production silver? what are fractional coin sizes? do not forget about palladium platinum products for beginners buying platinum - why platinum is today's rich man's gold what are the common coin types how rare is platinum? what is junk silver? what is bullion? why buy palladium? why buy platinum? price bitcoin mining physical gold value vs bitcoin value can bitcoin be used as cash? can i receive bitcoin when i sell physical gold and silver? how many bitcoins go toward buying silver and gold? what is bitcoin? gold to silver ratio spot price of gold and gold demand supply and demand and silver spot price price of gold per gram understanding the gold market what the current silver price means to you understanding the price of silver when is the right time to sell silver? the right time to sell gold price forecasts for silver and gold international precious metals market melt values and melt value price is it important to know the price of gold per gram and price of gold per kilo? precious metals and your purchasing power why are prices higher on numismatic products than other products what silver coin values have to say about the metal's popularity today the importance of monitoring precious metals prices gold and platinum prices is today’s gold price worth it? can i buy precious metal coins, bars or rounds at spot price? what is bid price vs. ask price? understanding premium over spot history one bullet changed our gold coins numismatics trends toward modern coins who is the indian on the gold buffalo coin? the history of small size u.s. currency the history of large size u.s. currency timeline of the united states mint after 1986 the life of adolph weinman the life of augustus saint-gaudens important legislative coin acts cultural significance of gold and silver china pandas 30th anniversary of the silver american eagles the story of the pre-1933 gold double eagle coins history of the obverse silver eagle design king tut's secret room of gold: myth or fact? who is the indian on the gold buffalo coin? how were ancient coins produced? facts and fun information about the california gold rush history 101: the role of coins in currency where are coins minted in the u.s.? where is platinum mined? shipwreck silver - notable shipwreck silver and shipwreck coins a brief history of confederate currency precious metals of the bible silver thursday historical event palladium price chart & precious metals prices gold standard definition and u.s. history current live gold prices reflect a history of beautiful decorations, conquest and science what is a troy ounce? silver in the 21st century collectibles how do i start a collection of modern collectibles? what is a niobium coin? the 1909-s vdb lincoln cent – the king of lincoln cents the 1916-d mercury dime – a very dangerous dime the 1937-d 3-legged buffalo nickel – a small error in very large demand where to buy your coins when should i start to collect? six potential pitfalls of coin collecting – and how to avoid them melt values and melt value price why do people collect coins? what types of coins are good for beginning collectors? coin collecting basics how to roll coins the 1921 morgan silver dollar: a popular silver coin for the ages how to collect morgan dollars differences between morgan dollars and peace dollars ancient rare roman coin uncovered in israel common mint errors who are silver stackers and what do they do? how are coin designs chosen for the america the beautiful coins? differences in numismatic coin sets hand-poured gold and silver rare modern bullion coins what do you do when you find a rare coin? what are mint error coins? how much gold and silver are in an olympic medal? 5 unique coins you have to collect what is a wheat penny? why you should use coin storage accessories and not household items fiat currency: what it is, how it affects gold prices and its history must-knows of coin collecting what does atb mean? america the beautiful coins what are one-year type coins? videos press releases blog market reports faq precious metals guide – how to buy gold & silver the precious metals guide: investment insights and services thank you for choosing apmex. we’ve created this precious metals guide to acquaint you with precious metal investing and introduce you to the ways apmex helps you succeed. you’ll learn about our vast selection, our transparent and fair pricing, and our wide array of helpful tools and resources. if you have any questions, whether you’re a seasoned expert or just getting started in precious metals, you can chat with us online or call an experienced account manager at 800.375.9006. you’ll find our integrity is every bit as tangible as the products we buy and sell. [read more] investing in precious metal products some people who buy precious metals are investing in gold or silver. some want products that are attractive. others may be collectors, hoping to own unique pieces and sets. the world of precious metals is vast, with products for every need and budget. page 4-5: about investment bullion if you buy gold, silver, platinum or palladium for the precious metal content, you’re probably buying bullion. while the troy ounce size is most common, investors can also find pieces from just 1 gram to as large as 1,000 ounces. composition of investment bullion every investment bullion product is marked with its content and purity. troy oz: the standard of measurement for precious metal bullion, 1 troy oz equals 1.097 kitchen ounces. fine: refers to the purity of the precious metal. a coin or bar that's .999 fine will be 99.9% precious metal. one that's .9999 fine will be 99.99% precious metal. the weight that's stamped on a product is the actual precious metal content. so, a 1 oz product may weigh slightly more than 1 oz, the extra weight being the other metals used in smelting. pricing investment bullion on most pages of the apmex website, you'll find spot prices for the featured precious metal. global markets determine spot prices. you'll see two numbers here. bid: the price global markets are willing to pay for ounces of metal in its unfabricated form ask: the price global markets are willing to sell ounces of metal in its unfabricated form spot prices change many times in a day and apmex updates them in real time. nobody buys precious metals at the actual spot price. the actual purchase price includes the... premium: an additional cost above spot to cover manufacturing, distribution and marketing costs. numismatic (collectible) coins may have an additional premium based on scarcity, quality, demand and intangible factors. so when you're on the apmex website and you see $3.49 per coin over spot, that means the coin is priced at the ask price for the actual weight of the coin, plus a premium of $3.49. page 6-7: bullion products: sovereign coins since sovereign nations stand behind the content and purity of bullion coins, they're highly valued and easy to trade. 1 oz gold american eagle the most popular gold bullion coin in america, it features the augustus saint-gaudens design first used on american coins in 1907. 1 oz gold canadian maple leaf this official gold bullion coin of canada showcases a single maple leaf on the reverse and queen elizabeth ii on the obverse. 1 oz gold krugerrand the first gold bullion coin of the modern era, millions have been sold since it was first minted in 1967. 1 oz gold australian kangaroo attractive premiums. limited mintages. a design that changes every year. no surprise these coins are popular with investors and collectors. 1 oz silver american eagle the most popular silver bullion coin in the world, it's highly liquid. it's also attractive, with a design based on the walking liberty half dollar design. 1 oz silver canadian maple leaf many say it's the world's most beautiful silver bullion coin. and with its .9999 fine silver composition, it's surely one of the purest. 1 oz silver britannia historically made with britannia silver (.986 fine), the silver britannia was upgraded to pure silver (.999 fine) in 2013. 1 oz silver philharmonic features the organ of the great hall of vienna's musikverein. philharmonics are also popular in gold. page 8-9: bullion products: bars & rounds precious metal bars and rounds may match sovereign coins in content and purity, but because they're usually minted privately, they can cost less. 1 oz pamp suisse gold bar a beautiful image of the goddess fortuna graces the front; the back features a unique serial number that matches the individual assay card. 1 oz credit suisse gold bar from one of the world's great banks, authenticity is assured by a tamper-evident assay card and unique serial number. 1/2 oz apmex gold round each brand-new handsome gold round contains 1/2 oz of .9999 fine gold and is stamped with the trusted apmex logo. 1 oz pamp suisse platinum bar the platinum version of the famous pamp suisse bar also has unique serial numbers on the bar and assay card. 1 oz apmex silver round from one of the most trusted names in gold and silver, the apmex silver round features the popular and patriotic american eagle design. 1 oz sunshine silver round this 1 oz silver round boasts the mintmark si™ security feature, ensuring its authenticity and .999 fine purity. 10 oz apmex silver bar about the size of a credit card, the 10 oz bar lets you hold more silver in one item, at a lower premium than most 1 oz products. 100 oz johnson matthey silver bar more a brick than a bar, the .999 fine silver bar packs a whole lot of silver in one easy-to-store piece. page 10-11: semi-numismatic coins these coins may have historic significance, limited populations or other characteristics that make them popular with collectors. 1 oz gold eagle ms-70 pcgs first strike pcgs certifies this gold eagle coin to be in perfect condition (ms-70); first strike tells you it's one of the first coins the mint distributed that year. 1 oz proof gold buffalo minted with special dies to create a mirrorlike sheen, the .9999 fine proof gold buffalo comes in an original u.s. mint presentation box. 1/2 gram gold kangaroo "mini roo" the "mini roo" comes encased in an assay card that provides protection while guaranteeing purity and authenticity. the small size makes it an ideal gift. 1 oz proof silver eagle pf-70 ngc early releases certified by ngc, this proof silver eagle is graded proof 70 (pf-70) and carries the early releases designation. 1 oz silver australian lunar calendar coins 2014 is the year of the horse. the lunar designs change each year to follow the lunar calendar. $1 u.s. mint silver commemoratives issued to commemorate people, places, or events, silver commemoratives attract people with their beauty and historical significance. page 12-13: collectibles: modern numismatic coins because of their limited mintage, beauty and condition, these coins have value way beyond the intrinsic value of the gold and silver content. fascinating coins intricate designs and new technology can make a coin valuable and collectible. this alluring coin celebrates 2014, the year of the horse, with a colorized cascade of camellia flowers in full bloom. limited mintage or population coins a seemingly simple coin may have collectible appeal due to its limited mintage or unique condition. very few of these proof ultra cameo silver eagle coins were minted. even fewer were certified perfect pr-70; pf-70; or proof-70. historic numismatic coins prized by collectors, these coins become more valuable if the authenticity and condition are certified by agencies like ngc or pcgs. $20 gold double eagles considered by many as the most beautiful coin of all time, each coin contains .9675 oz of gold. those that are available today survived a 1933 government-ordered meltdown of gold coins. morgan silver dollars the most famous and highly collected u.s. coin, they’re available in many conditions from heavily circulated to proof. some limited mintages can be extremely valuable. page 14: the solid case for holding physical gold and silver since it again became legal for americans to own gold bullion in 1975, overall gold returns have consistently been better than the s&p 500, except for one brief period from 1997 - 2004. page 15: while every investor has unique situations and goals, many financial advisors recommend allocating 5% - 10% or more of assets in gold and other precious metals. here's why: a low-correlation asset precious metals prices generally move independently of stocks and bonds. in a downturn, they could carry your portfolio. insurance for purchasing power while governments determine money supplies, the supply of gold is relativity finite. during inflationary times, the relative purchasing power of gold has historically remained stable. currencies without borders an ounce of gold is the same ounce of gold, with the same recognized intrinsic value, anywhere in the world. easily passed down from generation to generation gifts of gold and silver can be given at any time during your life or bequeathed as part of an estate. page 16: education image (screen shot of site on tablet) page 17: empowering our customers with knowledge whether you're a first time investor or an experienced professional, you'll appreciate the vast informational resources apmex makes available to you. page 18-19: first time buyers learn more about buying and investing in precious metals by visiting www.apmex.com/first-time-buyer. customer reviews apmex customers aren't shy about sharing their opinions, positive and negative, about our products. you can see honest reviews on our site — and don't forget to write your own. follow apmex you'll find apmex on every major social media site. follow us to get the latest product and special offer information, and find out what other apmex customers are saying. market reports up to three times a day, you can find updates on the day's trading at www.apmex.com/commentaries. a weekly recap, published friday evening, gives you a thoughtful look at the week that passed so you're better prepared for the week ahead. blog the official apmex blog (blog.apmex.com) is filled with helpful articles about precious metals investing, current market conditions and the special offers from apmex. videos videos on our website and youtube channel were created to help you understand precious metals products, markets and how apmex supports your efforts to be a more successful investor. page 20: apmex tools logos page 21: making every opportunity count you'll never miss an opportunity if you let apmex track the market for you. when a precious metal or product hits your price, we'll send you an email or text message alert. we do the work, and you'll get your price. page 22-23: market alerts are you waiting for the market to hit your price before you make your move? sign up for apmex market alerts. you'll get a ping as soon as the market hits your price. price alerts like market alerts, but for specific products. sign up and as soon as your product is available at the price you want, we'll let you know. alertme™ say you want a product, but it's out of stock. click the "alertme™" icon next to the product's picture. we'll let you know as soon as it comes in so you can get it first. apmex portfolio tool you can track the value of your apmex holdings on the apmex website. just log into your account, hover over "account" and click on "holdings". wishlist every product page includes an "add this product to your wishlist" link. it helps you keep a running list of products that you like and may want to purchase at a later date. free price widgets if you have a website, you can add real-time precious metals prices to attract visitors and provide a valuable service. just download our free price widget. page 24: apmex silver rounds page 25: building trust one customer at a time. integrity. trust. customer service —we live by these values 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. and we're always looking for ways to give our customers a better experience. page 26-27: transparent pricing the market-driven price you see on our website is the price you pay. there are no surprise fees or commissions at checkout. you just lock-in the price and complete your order. help without hype no hard sell. click the "chat" button on our website or call 800.375.9006. our representatives will answer your questions and help you choose the best product for your needs. in your hands faster our industry-leading apmex quickship™ process guarantees that any domestic order paid by credit card or bank wire will ship within 1 business day of your payment's clearing. (some restrictions apply.) better business bureau a+ rating apmex has enjoyed continuous accreditation by the better business bureau and has an a+ rating. page 28: ira-approved products page 29: protecting your ira with precious metals as pensions are largely a thing of the past, your ira may be your single most important investment. apmex dedicates a full team to helping you diversify your retirement savings into precious metals. page 30: a precious metals ira gives you the traditional ira benefits of self-directed investing and tax-deferred growth, plus the unique benefits of investing in gold and silver. a hedge for purchasing power history shows that when inflation reduces the value of paper currency, the price of gold and silver generally goes up and their relative purchasing power remains intact. insuring your other investments financial experts call precious metals a "non-correlated asset", meaning their value generally moves independently of stocks, bonds and treasury bills. gold and silver could prove a hedge against unstable markets. keep in mind, past performance is no guarantee of future results. page 31: dedicated ira support the irs has special rules for investing in a precious metals ira, and apmex has a full team of ira specialists dedicated to helping you every step of the way. establishing a precious metals ira apmex ira specialists will walk you through the simple steps to open your precious metals ira. they'll explain your options and answer any questions you may have. choosing products for your ira we work closely with you to identify the products that make the most sense in your portfolio. find out how easy it is to include gold, silver and other precious metals in your ira. speak to an apmex ira specialist today at 800.418.0235 or visit our site at www.apmex.com/irabenefits page 32: citadel image page 33: protecting your products against loss, damage and theft our wholly owned subsidiary, citadel global depository services, works with brink's global services usa inc. to store, protect and insure your products. and it costs a lot less than you may think. page 34: more than a storage solution, citadel provides an innovative, low-cost, and convenient way to manage your precious metals investments. page 35: here's how citadel secures your precious metals and peace of mind: secure vault protection against theft, physical damage and loss. your holdings are fully segregated, never co-mingled with another customer's products. a personalized web page details your items in storage and lets you track their real time market value. shipping to the high security storage facility is free and storage costs less than some etf management fees. your investment becomes more liquid; apmex buys back your stored purchase at market price and there's no shipping charge. explore the best option in secure storage for your precious metals. call to open an account today at 888.518.7596 | visit our site at www.cgdsi.com page 36: gold eagles in capsules page 37: caring for your purchase true story: a man once found an old coin in an attic and decided to clean it before selling. in doing so, he reduced its value by thousands of dollars. here's how to handle and care for coins and other precious metals. page 38: gold, silver, platinum & palladium, in the pure states sold by apmex, are softer than the precious metal alloys used in jewelry. so they tend to scratch and corrode more easily. if your product comes in protective packaging, keep it there. remember, certified coins are only guaranteed if they never come out of their sealed holders. bullion products may be sold in tamper-evident packaging with assay cards that attest to the product's weight and purity. tampering can reduce resale value and make the product harder to sell. if your product doesn't come in sealed packaging, click the "supplies" link on the apmex home page. you'll find many ways to protect, organize and store your products. page 39: if you must handle, handle with extreme care. the natural oils on your skin can have a corrosive effect on precious metals. fingerprints can be almost impossible to remove. make sure your hands are clean before handling. better yet, wear soft cotton gloves. hold the coin by its edges between your thumb and forefinger; never let your fingers touch either surface. hold coins over a towel or other soft surface. even a short drop can cause permanent damage. avoid talking over coins. tiny, almost invisible droplets of saliva can land on a coin and show up later as spots. avoid cleaning. collectors tend to prefer coins that show the deep coloration of age over those whose surfaces have been stripped away by improper cleaning. page 40: silver eagle coins page 41: selling precious metals made easy if your investment is at a price where you want to sell, just call apmex. we buy back what we sell and pay competitive prices on every transaction. here's how it works. page 42: a simple, transparent process whether you buy from us or sell to us, apmex believes in transparency. you'll see real-time "buy" prices for many products throughout our website. and our purchasing agents can give you prices for thousands more. the simple steps for selling to apmex call 800.376.9006 — we'll tell you the competitive price we will pay when you call and lock the price as soon as you agree to sell to us. send us your products — carefully package and ship your coins or bullion products to us. get paid — we'll inspect your shipment when it comes in and release payment right away. it's a fast, hassle-free transaction every time. learn more at www.apmex.com/selltous. page 44-47: glossary here are a few key terms precious metals purchasers need to know. you can see a full list of terms on our website at www.apmex.com/glossary. ask: the price at which a dealer offers to sell. assay: a test to ascertain the fineness or purity of a precious metal. bid: the price at which a dealer is willing to buy. brilliant uncirculated (bu): describes a coin in new condition. bu coins have no wear, with very minimal handling marks or other imperfections. bullion: describes the following: 1. gold, silver, platinum or palladium coins which closely follow spot prices and have little or no numismatic (collectible) value. 2. the form in which metal is shaped such as bars, rounds, ingots, or wafers. commemoratives: legal tender coins or medallions, usually minted of gold or silver, struck to commemorate themes, events, places or people. device: a design found on a coin. frequently, it is the bust or profile of a person who symbolizes a particular country at a particular time in history, a country's coat of arms or insignia. face value: the monetary value of a coin, which does not necessarily correspond to its actual worth. for example, the face value of a 1 oz gold american eagle is $50, but its actual worth is much higher because it is tied to the value of its gold content. edge: the third "side" of a coin, not the obverse or the reverse. the edge of a coin may be reeded, lettered or plain. field: the open area or background on a coin. grading service: an independent company that grades coins an adjective or number to represent the state of preservation. gram: the basic unit of weight of the metric system (31.1035 grams = one troy ounce). hedge: an offsetting transaction (e.g. the purchase or sale of a future contract or option) designed to lessen the impact of adverse movements in the value of assets. luster: a frosty appearance on the surface of a coin, usually an uncirculated coin. mint: the place where a coin, round or bar was manufactured. mint mark: a letter or symbol stamped on a coin to identify the minting facility where it was struck. ngc: acronym for numismatic guaranty corporation, one of two major coin grading services in the united states. numismatic coins: coins whose prices depend more on their rarity, condition, dates, and mint marks than on their gold or silver content, if any. obverse: the front side of a coin. pcgs: acronym for professional coin grading service, one of two major coin grading services in the united states. premium: the additional cost of a coin or bullion item over and above the spot price of the precious metal contained in the coin. the premium includes the costs of fabrication and distribution. proof: the manner in which a coin was minted, not its condition. highly polished dies and special planchets produce coins with a mirrorlike finish. reverse: the back side of a coin. spot: the current market trading price of a commodity like gold and other precious metals at a specific point in time. spread: the difference between the buying price and the selling price of a product at the same time on the same day by the same person. if gold is purchased at $1,680 per ounce, and sold at $1,700, the spread is $20. troy ounce: the standard measure of weight used in the precious metals industry. the troy ounce is different from the ounce with which most americans are familiar (the avoirdupois ounce). one troy ounce is equivalent to 1.097 avoirdupois ounces. uncirculated: a coin in new or unused condition, never having been used for the intended purpose as money, but may have some handling marks or other moderate imperfections. [read less] talk live with one of our specialists. service@apmex.com 800.375.9006 my account portfolio tool market alerts price alerts product reviews account settings we are apmex life at apmex leadership team careers (we're hiring) how we give sitemap customer care where is my order? contact us faq shipping & delivery returns & exchanges payment faqs buying & selling precious metals ira coin values sell to us storage international apmex club apmex reviews education why buy physical metals how much should i buy how to buy precious metals guide investing guide in the news world mint coins whether you're new to precious metals, or just new to apmex, we're glad you are here. stay informed of our special offers. ios app android app © 2018 apmex, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy | market loss policy | user agreement × module name × wishlist! × current quantities available (0) items in cart (0) there are no items in the cart. auric