来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181226145212/https://www.apmex.com/why-buy-physical-gold
================================================================================

why buying physical gold is a smart investment | how to buy physical gold online | apmex gold $1,275.90$4.60 silver $14.95$0.11 platinum $799.00$6.60 palladium $1,253.60$7.50 view charts x call us: 800.375.9006 free shipping on orders over $99 sign in or create account cart: (0) best sellers gold silver platinum palladium rare coins vault deals apmex branded mintdirect® apmexclusive® shop by mint popular currency elite products holiday gift ideas new arrivals back in stock ira approved investor collections 2018 coins gold best sellers newly listed 2019 australia gold dolphin 2018 south korea 1/10 oz gold tiger united states mint american eagles buffalos pre-1933 u.s. gold high reliefs commems & all other first spouses royal canadian mint maple leafs .99999 gold bullion commems & all other perth mint bars lunar series kangaroos swans commems & all other the royal mint britannias queen's beasts sovereigns commems & all other mexican mint libertads vintage pesos commems & all other other popular series chiwoo cheonwang elephants krugerrands pandas philharmonics shop by mint world gold by region africa asia central america & caribbean europe south america south pacific bars & rounds by weight by brand apmex credit suisse pamp suisse valcambi all other ancient & medieval ira products gold coins holiday gift ideas other products gift ideas lunars unique gold coins foil notes jewelry pendants bezels chains necklaces men's jewelry & accessories silver best sellers newly listed 2019 australia silver dolphin 2019 australia silver kookaburra united states mint american eagles america the beautiful silver dollars commems & all other royal canadian mint maple leafs predator series bars specialty bullion commems & all other perth mint kangaroos lunar series swans kooks & koalas commems & all other the royal mint britannias queen's beasts commems & all other mexican mint libertads aztecs commems & all other other popular series archangels biblical chiwoo cheonwang czech lions dutch lions elephants krugerrands pandas philharmonics shop by mint world silver by region africa asia central america & caribbean europe south america south pacific bars by weight by brand apmex 9fine mint geiger rounds by weight by brand apmex 9fine mint by theme junk silver 90% silver movie-themed products disney & pixar star wars dc & marvel comics holiday gift ideas icons of route 66 series hand-poured silver other products lunars bullets statues unique silver coins foil notes silver jewelry ancient silver & bronze coins ira products silver coins platinum & palladium united states mint platinum american eagles royal canadian mint platinum maple leafs commems perth mint platinum kangaroos all other platinum bars & rounds by weight by brand other popular platinum series elephants krugerrands pandas philharmonics queen's beasts world platinum by country great britain isle of man switzerland all other shop by mint united states mint palladium american eagles royal canadian mint palladium maple leafs moscow mint palladium ballerinas palladium bars & rounds by weight by brand deals rare coins elite picks newly listed items clearance items u.s. rare coins morgan silver dollars peace silver dollars half dollars quarters dimes nickels cents unusual denominations pre-33 u.s. gold coins $20 liberty double eagles $20 saint-gaudens double eagles $10 liberty eagles $10 indian eagles $5 liberty half eagles $5 indian half eagles $3 gold princess $2.50 liberty quarter eagles $2.50 indian quarter eagles $1 u.s. gold (type 1, 2 & 3) historical european coins classic commemoratives u.s. silver commemoratives u.s. gold commemoratives u.s. coin sets u.s. proof sets u.s. mint sets ancients & medieval gold bronze & silver ancients & medieval sets vintage mexican coins u.s. currency high denomination currency large type small type national bank notes other u.s. currency confederate currency all other tokens & medals colonials & patterns other u.s. currency (large) u.s. notes legal tender gold certificates silver certificates federal reserve bank notes federal reserve notes treasury or coin notes u.s. currency (small) $1,000 federal reserve notes $500 federal reserve notes $100 federal reserve notes all other federal reserve notes $10-$100 gold certificates $1-$10 silver certificates $1-$100 u.s. notes $5-$100 federal reserve bank notes other u.s. currency colonial obsolete bank notes u.s. fractional currency north africa hawaii mpcs national bank notes large notes small notes confederate currency 1861 1862 1863 1864 world currency by region africa asia central america & caribbean europe north america south america south pacific shop by mint coin & currency sets sports memorabilia copper rounds bars bullets other jewelry gold silver sports jewelry other items exonumia medals tokens holiday gift ideas storage & supplies presentation & gift boxes coin & bar storage coin & bar tubes intercept storage boxes official monster boxes safes & lock boxes individual coin & currency holders coin collecting albums coin dip & protectors cloth money bags magnifiers/loupes books sell to us trading hours services ira secure storage alerts & tools international contact us we're sorry, it appears that javascript is disabled in your browser. to view and use the site apmex.com, please enable javascript. apmex why buy physical gold & silver? numismatics bird coins from around the world unusual u.s. coin denominations for collectors bullion coins versus collectible coins: what is the difference? 8 of the oldest coins in the world collecting vintage u.s. dollars best value products popular among investors numismatics trends toward modern coins shipwrecked gold set to make its debut the legend of the mexican libertad coin the priciest coins on the market top 10 rare coins at apmex top 10 silver coins for investment top 10 gold coins for investment rare coins list valuable coins in circulation what is my old coin worth? the history of large size u.s. currency why should i collect currency? what are graded coins? u.s. coin values how to tell the differences between artificially toned coins and naturally toned coins what is mint state condition? five private mints and what makes them unique why are some coins auctioned off for millions while others are not? why are philharmonics so valuable and special to austria? numismatic coins vs. old currency: where value is determined this rare quarter is more valuable than you think why the 1794 silver dollar fetched millions of dollars at auction - twice what are gold doubloons? what is a mercury dime worth? what is a numismatist? what is a mercury dime? what are national bank notes? how to tell the differences between silver, platinum and palladium discover different types of coin finishes, designs and grades what is a bu (brilliant uncirculated) coin? what is a burnished coin? what is a high relief coin? what is an ultra high relief coin? what is an antique coin? what is a proof coin? what is a reverse proof coin? what is a rimless design coin? what is a tamper proof or tamper evident coin? what is a nugget? be aware of buying gold at pawn shops what is a cull coin? what nickels are silver? grade can help determine coin value science how do precious metals help make cars go? how precious metals are vital to space exploration how will the growth of self-driving electric cars affect demand for palladium and platinum? platinum from asteroids: the next rush how is silver mined? top 5 facts about silver a brief guide to precious metals in electronics precious metals in the medical field bitcoin mining which dimes are silver? what quarters are silver? what metal are pennies? does silver and gold decay? what is the difference between precious metals and base metals? what metal are quarters, dimes, nickels and pennies made of? scientific properties of precious metals new and innovative technologies in minting what is the minting process? how to recycle gold top 5 facts about gold where is gold mined? what is fine gold? what is gold - gold au element periodic table and gold facts is silver a metal? what is silver - silver ag element periodic table and silver facts precious metal sizes available at apmex investing investment strategies to consider as a beginner best investment strategies for short-term gain how to invest in precious metals on a budget why you should diversify your metal portfolio what is bitcoin ira what is blockchain technology? what do i do if i inherit precious metals? how do i trade precious metals? common abbreviations on the apmex website building and passing along wealth gold and silver exchange trade funds bitcoin mining physical gold value vs bitcoin value what backs bitcoin? precious metals vs. bitcoin how does bitcoin work? how do you use bitcoin to buy gold and silver? how do you invest in bitcoin? can bitcoin be used internationally? what is first strike? when to buy silver or gold why pcgs and ngc-graded coins are a good investment platinum and palladium are great investments too is copper a good investment? history of modern bullion investments what is an etf? part ii what is the comex? five reasons for buying precious metals why buying jewelry from a precious metals retailer is better than buying at a jewelry store precious metals investing vs. stock market investing what is an etf? brexit what is a bull market? what is a bear market? the gold to platinum ratio why silver is a good place to start investing how gold and silver values stack up against traditional currency reasons why people buy precious metals what are secondary market metals what are sovereign mints and private mints? why buying mercury dimes is a worthy and fun investment gold vs. bitcoin what is brilliant uncirculated & almost uncirculated? what is the difference between a coin and a round? the best way to buy silver investing in silver what is silver worth? silver uses affect the silver price per ounce today consider buying platinum instead of silver the price of silver pandas over time silver in the 21st century how does supply and demand impact purchasing precious metals? currency in failed economy bullion bars, rounds or bullion coins? making the right choice for you difference between u.s, canadian, and mexican precious metals what is limited mintage? united states mint discusses planned presidential and military medals silver series i've bought all this bullion: now what? your questions about bullion, answered! building a global coin collection top 10 silver coins for investment top 10 gold coins for investment bitcoin mining physical gold value vs bitcoin value the right time to sell gold britannias and philharmonics native american coins history rounds or coins? does one have better value than the other? who is the indian on the gold buffalo coin? what are the industrial uses of metals? what is production silver? what are fractional coin sizes? do not forget about palladium platinum products for beginners buying platinum - why platinum is today's rich man's gold what are the common coin types how rare is platinum? what is junk silver? what is bullion? why buy palladium? why buy platinum? price how the u.s. dollar affects precious metals prices how to get the most for your money when buying precious metals what are cryptocurrencies? how headlines affect precious metal pricing bitcoin mining physical gold value vs bitcoin value can bitcoin be used as cash? can i receive bitcoin when i sell physical gold and silver? how many bitcoins go toward buying silver and gold? gold to silver ratio spot price of gold and gold demand supply and demand and silver spot price understanding the gold market understanding the price of silver when is the right time to sell silver? the right time to sell gold price forecasts for silver and gold international precious metals market melt values and melt value price is it important to know the price of gold per gram and price of gold per kilo? precious metals and your purchasing power why are prices higher on numismatic products than other products what silver coin values have to say about the metal's popularity today the importance of monitoring precious metals prices is today’s gold price worth it? can i buy precious metal coins, bars or rounds at spot price? what is bid price vs. ask price? understanding premium over spot history under three flags - the new orleans mint unusual u.s. coin denominations for collectors the great war silver dollar when was silver most in demand when was gold most in demand? the greatest silver dollar hoard in history fire consumes but sometimes saves: the $10000 gold certificate precious metals and ancient civilizations one bullet changed our gold coins numismatics trends toward modern coins who is the indian on the gold buffalo coin? the history of small size u.s. currency the history of large size u.s. currency timeline of the united states mint after 1986 the life of adolph weinman the life of augustus saint-gaudens important legislative coin acts cultural significance of gold and silver china pandas 30th anniversary of the silver american eagles the story of the pre-1933 gold double eagle coins history of the obverse silver eagle design king tut's secret room of gold: myth or fact? who is the indian on the gold buffalo coin? how were ancient coins produced? facts and fun information about the california gold rush history 101: the role of coins in currency where are coins minted in the u.s.? where is platinum mined? shipwreck silver - notable shipwreck silver and shipwreck coins a brief history of confederate currency precious metals of the bible silver thursday historical event palladium price chart & precious metals prices gold standard definition and u.s. history current live gold prices reflect a history of beautiful decorations, conquest and science what is a troy ounce? silver in the 21st century collectibles 14 basic terms to know before coin collecting bird coins from around the world unusual u.s. coin denominations for collectors coin collecting: the hobby of kings how do you pass down collectible coins? what are coin anniversary sets? how do i start a collection of modern collectibles? what is a niobium coin? the 1909-s vdb lincoln cent – the king of lincoln cents the 1916-d mercury dime – a very dangerous dime the 1937-d 3-legged buffalo nickel – a small error in very large demand where to buy your coins when should i start to collect? six potential pitfalls of coin collecting – and how to avoid them melt values and melt value price why do people collect coins? what types of coins are good for beginning collectors? coin collecting basics how to roll coins the 1921 morgan silver dollar: a popular silver coin for the ages how to collect morgan dollars differences between morgan dollars and peace dollars ancient rare roman coin uncovered in israel common mint errors who are silver stackers and what do they do? how are coin designs chosen for the america the beautiful coins? differences in numismatic coin sets hand-poured gold and silver rare modern bullion coins what do you do when you find a rare coin? what are mint error coins? how much gold and silver are in an olympic medal? 5 unique coins you have to collect what is a wheat penny? why you should use coin storage accessories and not household items fiat currency: what it is, how it affects gold prices and its history must-knows of coin collecting what does atb mean? america the beautiful coins what are one-year type coins? videos press releases blog market reports faq why buy physical gold & silver? when you buy precious metals, you invest in an asset class that is as old as civilization itself. not surprisingly, these ancient storehouses of wealth can play important roles in a modern portfolio. purchasing power because the global supply is relatively finite, gold’s relative purchasing power has historically remained stable during inflationary times. worldwide demand an ounce of gold and silver is the same ounce of gold and silver with the same recognized value anywhere in the world. this makes the physical metal easy to trade. intrinsic value some coins stay in families for generations. even over decades of time, each recipient realizes the value of their inheritance. physical precious metals can be a means of passing tangible wealth onto future generations. balance precious metals prices generally move independent of stocks and bonds. in a downturn, they could provide the one bright spot your portfolio needs. their low correlation to other assets makes precious metals ideal for balancing any portfolio. market timing is difficult for any investment. that is one reason many investors look beyond day-to-day price movements and buy physical gold or silver as long-term investments. when planning to hold an asset like physical gold for 3-5 years or more, it is less important to consider the current cost of the metal and more important to examine its historical performance in relation to other investments. depending on your budget, personal objectives and investment time horizon, you may consider a dollar cost averaging investment strategy. dollar cost averaging is a conservative approach that involves dividing the total sum to be invested into equal amounts and investing those fixed amounts at regular intervals over time. this approach enables you to scale up or down with the market. helpful resources how to buy gold and silver - basic terms explained (3:57) investing in precious metals has a language all its own and some definitions will surprise you.watch video what the rest of the world knows about gold from a financial perspective, european settlers came from economies that valued gold as currency. download article why buy physical gold? why buy physical gold? when you purchase precious metals, you are buying an asset valued since ancient times. recognized viscerally by humans, gold always has been and always will be a viable investment and commodity. but why? what makes gold a good investment now? why is buying physical gold a good idea today? let’s examine what makes buying physical gold an excellent investment and collecting opportunity. physical gold online physical gold adds security to your investment portfolio. as there is a finite amount of gold in the world, gold’s relative purchasing power tends to remain stable during periods of inflation. for example, in 1985, the cost of an ounce of gold was about the cost of a nice men’s suit. allowing for some peaks and valleys in the market, today, one ounce of gold still costs about the same as a nice men’s suit, even though the price in dollars has nearly quadrupled. gold prices do fluctuate, but they generally move independent of the stock market. for a stable investment independent of stocks and bonds that can protect your purchasing power long term, buy physical gold. as mentioned above, the market for precious metals generally moves independent from stocks and bonds. if you buy physical gold, you can balance your portfolio so you need not fear the nyse. in an economic slowdown, your precious metals may provide a comforting, stable point among your investments. you can easily look up historical gold prices to see this balance for yourself. additionally, gold is recognized the world over as carrying intrinsic value. if you wish to sell or trade your gold in the future, you know there will always be a market for it. if you wish to endow your loved ones with a tangible inheritance, you know that gold will only be more valuable in another lifetime. you might buy physical gold for any or all of these reasons. how to buy physical gold now that you understand why buying gold is a good use of your investment dollar, you may need guidance regarding how to buy physical gold. luckily, buying physical gold is simple. if you choose an established, well-regarded precious metals company, you can buy with confidence. buying physical gold should be an enjoyable part of your investment journey. consider working with apmex to experience the thrill of buying physical gold free from worry. a common first purchase is the gold american eagle, one of the most popular gold bullion items with investors. 1 oz gold american eagle (random year) view product the best part of buying physical gold is there is absolutely no wrong reason to do so. even if you simply find gold beautiful and want to own some, if you buy physical gold from apmex, you will be making a good investment choice. why buy silver? why buy silver? silver was the first metal used as currency more than 4,000 years ago, when silver ingots were used in trading. when you purchase silver, you are buying an asset valued since ancient times. recognized innately by humans as valuable, silver has always been a viable investment and commodity. but what makes silver a good investment now? why is buying physical silver a good idea today? let’s examine what makes buying physical silver a great investment and collecting opportunity. physical silver as there is a finite amount of silver in the world, silver’s relative purchasing power tends to remain stable. for example, in 1985, the cost of an ounce of silver would just about buy two movie tickets. allowing for some peaks and valleys in the market, today, one ounce of silver costs slightly less than a pair of movie tickets while the price in dollars has tripled. silver prices do fluctuate, but they generally move independent of the stock market. if you want a stable investment that can protect your purchasing power long term, consider buying physical silver. similar to the function of gold in an investment portfolio, silver can provide balance to your investments. because silver prices move independent of stocks and bonds, physical silver may be the stable element your portfolio needs in the event of a downturn. additionally, silver is recognized the world over as carrying intrinsic value. if you would consider selling or trading your silver anywhere, at any time, you know there will always be a market for it. how to buy physical silver now that you understand why buying silver is a good use of your investment dollar, you may need guidance regarding how to buy physical silver. luckily, buying physical silver is easy. if you choose an established, well-regarded precious metals company, you can buy with confidence. buying physical silver should be an enjoyable part of your investment journey. consider working with apmex to experience the thrill of buying physical silver. for example, you may choose a beautiful 1922 silver dollar. the 1922 silver dollar has bullion value due to its silver content, as well as collectible value due to its brief minting. 1922-1935 peace silver dollars vg-xf view product the great thing about buying physical silver is that there is absolutely no wrong reason to get started. even if you simply find silver captivating and want to own some, buying physical silver from apmex ensures you will be making a good investment choice. talk live with one of our specialists. service@apmex.com 800.375.9006 my account portfolio tool market alerts price alerts product reviews account settings we are apmex life at apmex leadership team careers (we're hiring) how we give sitemap customer care where is my order? contact us faq shipping & delivery returns & exchanges payment faqs state sales tax information buying & selling precious metals ira coin values sell to us local coin directory storage international apmex club apmex reviews education gold prices silver prices platinum prices why buy physical metals how much should i buy how to buy precious metals guide in the news world mint coins whether you're new to precious metals, or just new to apmex, we're glad you are here. stay informed of our special offers. ios app android app © 2018 apmex, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy | market loss policy | user agreement × module name × wishlist! × current quantities available (0) items in cart (0) there are no items in the cart. auric