来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231234720/https://www.apmex.com/how-to-buy-gold-and-silver
================================================================================

buy gold and silver | best place to buy gold bullion is apmex | apmex® opens in a new window opens an external site opens an external site in a new window gold $1,871.20$12.90 silver $28.91$1.88 platinum $1,117.50$32.30 palladium $2,290.50$42.10 view charts x call us: 800.375.9006 live chat fast & free shipping† on orders over $99! sign in or create account search for products or categories search cart: (0) best sellers gold silver platinum rare coins vault deals apmex branded mintdirect® apmexclusive® shop by mint popular currency elite products new arrivals back in stock ira approved 2021 coins autoinvest gold best sellers available products autoinvest clearance newly listed 2021 great britain gold sovereign 1 oz david bowie gold bu united states mint american eagles buffalos pre-1933 u.s. gold high reliefs commems & all other first spouses royal canadian mint maple leafs .99999 gold bullion commems & all other the perth mint bars lunar series kangaroos swans commems & all other the royal mint britannias queen's beasts sovereigns commemoratives mexican mint libertads vintage pesos commems & all other other popular series chiwoo cheonwang elephants krugerrands pandas philharmonics shop by mint world coins by region africa|asia central america & caribbean europe|south america south pacific bars & rounds by weight by brand apmex|9fine mint credit suisse pamp suisse valcambi industrial grain all other ancient & medieval gold coins ira products gold coins other gold products gift ideas lunars unique gold coins foil notes error & damaged products jewelry pendants bezels chains necklaces men's jewelry & accessories onegold gold silver best sellers available products autoinvest clearance newly listed super bowl coins 1 oz david bowie silver bu 2021-(s) silver eagles united states mint american eagles america the beautiful silver dollars commems & all other royal canadian mint maple leafs specialty bullion bars commems & all other the perth mint kangaroos lunar series swans koalas kookaburras specialty bullion commems & all other the royal mint britannias queen's beasts specialty bullion commems & all other mexican mint libertads modern commemoratives vintage coins shop by mint other popular series archangels biblical chiwoo cheonwang czech lions dutch lion dollars elephants krugerrands mandala wildlife pandas philharmonics world coins by region africa|asia central america & caribbean europe|south america south pacific junk silver all 90% silver bars by weight by brand apmex|9fine mint|pioneer metals geiger rounds by weight by brand apmex|9fine mint by theme movie & licensed products disney|peanuts star wars|star trek marvel comics|dc comics pac-man harry potter coins john wick|all other silver coins icons of route 66 series hand poured silver other silver products special occasion rounds & bars lunar designs bullets statues unique silver coins foil notes error & damaged products industrial silver silver jewelry ancient & medieval silver coins ira products onegold silver platinum & palladium newly listed 2021 1 oz platinum britannia 2021 1 oz platinum maple leaf 2020 barbados 1 oz platinum flamingo available products clearance united states mint platinum american eagles royal canadian mint platinum maple leafs commems & all other the perth mint platinum other popular platinum series britannias elephants krugerrands & big five pandas philharmonics queen's beasts platinum bars & rounds by weight by brand valcambi platinum bullion industrial platinum world platinum by country great britain isle of man switzerland all other shop by mint united states mint palladium american eagles royal canadian mint palladium maple leafs moscow mint palladium ballerinas palladium bars & rounds by weight by brand palladium bullion deals rare coins elite picks autoinvest clearance newly listed items pre-33 u.s. gold coins $20 liberty double eagles $20 saint-gaudens double eagles $10 liberty eagles $10 indian eagles $5 liberty half eagles $5 indian half eagles $3 gold princess $2.50 liberty quarter eagles $2.50 indian quarter eagles $1 u.s. gold (type 1, 2 & 3) u.s. rare coins bust|seated|trade dollars morgan silver dollars peace silver dollars eisenhower sba|sacagawea|presidential american innovation dollars half dollars quarters dimes nickels cents half cents|2 cents|3 cent silver 3 cent nickel|half dimes|20 cents historical european coins u.s. silver commemoratives u.s. gold commemoratives u.s. coin sets u.s. proof sets special edition proof sets u.s. mint sets coin & currency sets world coins by region ancient & medieval coins vintage mexican coins u.s. currency high denomination currency large type small type national bank notes other u.s. currency confederate currency all other hawaii coins tokens & medals colonials & patterns error & damaged products other u.s. currency (large) u.s. notes legal tender gold certificates silver certificates federal reserve bank notes federal reserve notes treasury or coin notes u.s. currency (small) $1,000 federal reserve notes $500 federal reserve notes $100 federal reserve notes all other federal reserve notes $10-$100 gold certificates $1-$10 silver certificates $1-$100 u.s. notes $5-$100 federal reserve bank notes other u.s. currency colonial obsolete bank notes u.s. fractional currency hawaii north africa currency error & damaged products national bank notes large notes small notes confederate currency 1861|1862|1863|1864 confederate bonds world currency by region africa|asia central america & caribbean europe|notgeld north america south america south pacific shop by mint coin & currency sets sports-themed products copper rounds bars bullets other jewelry gold silver sports jewelry other items exonumia medals tokens stocks & bonds storage & supplies presentation & gift boxes coin & bar capsules coin & bar storage coin & bar tubes intercept storage boxes official monster boxes safes & lock boxes individual coin & currency holders coin collecting albums coin dip & protectors cloth money bags magnifiers/loupes books sell to us resources education autoinvest ira secure storage apmex club onegold alerts & tools where's my order sales tax information international contact us we're sorry, it appears that javascript is disabled in your browser. to view and use the site apmex.com, please enable javascript. apmex how to buy gold and silver bullion the beauty of gold american eagle coins sunshine mint: custom minting royal canadian mint production technology the finest gold coins ever minted australian classic: gold kangaroo coins wearing america’s favorite gold coin the first gold bullion coin: the south african krugerrand how to sell gold? bullion coins vs collectible coins bullion bars, rounds or coins? making the right choice for you i've bought all this bullion: now what? what is bullion? storing and protecting precious metals what is fine silver? what is a troy ounce? poured vs pressed bars britannias and philharmonics why are prices higher on paper currency products than bullion rare modern bullion coins investing in platinum and palladium rounds or coins? does one have better value than the other? what is production silver? what are fractional coin sizes? silver vs platinum vs palladium - how to tell the difference what is fine gold? platinum products for beginners what are sovereign mints and private mints? what are the common coin types? how rare is platinum? what is the difference between a coin and a round? the best ways to buy silver what is junk silver? why buy palladium? why buy platinum? what precious metals should i buy? why buy physical gold and silver? investing guide to platinum investing is today’s platinum price worth it? what are the top 5 palladium coins for investment? what are the top 10 platinum coins for investment? best investment strategies for short-term gain how to buy precious metals on a budget? why you should diversify your precious metals portfolio guide to silver investing guide to gold investing what do i do if i inherit precious metals? common precious metals abbreviations backwardation and contango: definition and explanation precious metals vs the stock market platinum vs palladium what are the top 10 silver coins for investment? what are the top 10 gold coins for investment? physical gold value vs bitcoin value when to buy precious metals why pcgs and ngc-graded coins can be good investments investing in platinum and palladium is copper a good investment? what is the comex? what is fiat currency? precious metals investing vs stock market investing what is an etf? what is a bull market? what is a bear market? the gold to platinum ratio why silver can be a good place to start investing how gold and silver values stack up against traditional currency platinum products for beginners why platinum is today's rich man's gold reasons why people invest in precious metals what are secondary market metals? five things to know before buying gold at pawn shops the basics of investing in silver the value of silver how silver uses affect the silver price today is today’s gold price worth it? history of silver prices how does supply and demand impact purchasing precious metals? why buy platinum? currency in failed economy how to buy gold and silver what precious metals should i buy? how much should i buy? numismatics draped bust half dimes (1796-1805) draped bust dimes (1796 – 1807) draped bust half dollars (1801-1807) capped bust quarters (1815 - 1838) capped bust half dimes (1829 – 1837) capped bust dimes (1809-1837) two cent piece (1864-1873) what is a wheat penny? what is my old coin worth? 1938-d walking liberty half dollars a pack of marlboros and 2 double dies please the 1864-l indian head cent the 1869 indian head cent 1921-s buffalo nickel 1924-s buffalo nickel the 1932-d and 1932-s washington quarters the 1942/1 mercury dime overdate the “little brother” of rare lincoln cents basic terms to know before coin collecting 1866 shield nickel with rays 1964 washington quarters the $10000 gold certificate barber quarters (1892-1916) liberty seated dimes peace dollars (1921-1935) three dollar gold coins coin appraisals and where to get coins appraised coin collector trends | modern numismatic collectibles top 10 rare coins at apmex v nickels (1883-1913) three cent silver (1851-1873) three cent nickels (1865-1889) saint-gauden $20 gold coins mercury dimes (1916-1945) lincoln wheat pennies (1909-1958) liberty head $2.50 gold coin (1840-1907) bust half dime (1794-1837) barber dimes (1892-1916) washington quarter (1932-1964) walking liberty half dollars (1916-1947) bust dollars (1794-1804) standing liberty quarter (1916-1930) shield nickels (1866-1883) seated liberty quarters (1838-1891) seated liberty half dollars (1839-1891) seated liberty dollars (1840-1873) morgan silver dollars (1878-1904, 1921) liberty $10 gold coin (1838-1907) liberty $5 coins (1839-1908) large cents (1793-1857) indian head penny (1859-1909) indian head $10 gold coin (1907-1933) indian head $5 gold coin (1908-1929) indian $2.50 gold coin (1908-1929) half cents (1793-1857) flying eagle pennies (1856-1858) bust quarter (1796-1838) bust half dollar (1794-1839) buffalo nickels (1913-1938) barber half dollar (1892-1915) why should i collect currency? what are graded coins? u.s. coin values artificially toned coins vs naturally toned coins the 1921 morgan silver dollar: a popular silver coin for the ages what is bag damage? what is a certified mint state coin? differences between morgan dollars and peace dollars differences in numismatic coin sets rare modern bullion coins five private mints and what makes them unique why are some coins auctioned off for millions while others are not? numismatic coins vs. old currency: where value is determined this rare quarter is more valuable than you think why the 1794 silver dollar fetched millions of dollars at auction - twice what are gold doubloons? what is a numismatist? what is a mercury dime? what are national bank notes? coin finishes, designs and grades what is a burnished coin? what are high relief and ultra high relief coins? what is an ancient coin? what is a proof coin? what is a rimless design coin? what is a cull coin? coin grading: grade can help determine coin value what precious metals should i buy? collectibles release order and mintages for america the beautiful quarters collectible disney coins from the new zealand mint the finest gold coins ever minted gift guide for sports fans beauty & ballet: russian ballerina palladium coins royal canadian mint’s bullion dna program the collectibility of copper what is a wheat penny? top 10 valuable u.s. coins top 10 collectible animal coins basic terms to know before coin collecting top 5 bird coins from around the world the post war coin: 1922 peace silver dollar bullion coins vs collectible coins the greatest silver dollar hoard in history what are coin anniversary sets? how president roosevelt changed u.s. gold coins how do i start a collection of modern collectibles? coin collector trends | modern numismatic collectibles what is limited mintage? what is a niobium coin? building a global coin collection proof coins vs uncirculated coins the 1909-s vdb lincoln cent – the king of lincoln cents the 1916-d mercury dime – a very dangerous dime the 1937-d 3-legged buffalo nickel – a small error in very large demand roosevelt dimes (1946-1964) melt values and melt value price why do people collect coins? what types of coins are good for new collectors? what are graded coins? how to roll coins what is first strike? artificially toned coins vs naturally toned coins the 1921 morgan silver dollar: a popular silver coin for the ages how to collect morgan silver dollars differences between morgan dollars and peace dollars common mint errors who are silver stackers? how are coin designs chosen for the america the beautiful coins? differences in numismatic coin sets hand poured gold and silver what to do when you find a rare coin why are philharmonics so special to austria? numismatic coins vs. old currency: where value is determined this rare quarter is more valuable than you think how much gold and silver are in an olympic medal? five popular coins to collect what does atb mean? what are one-year type coins? what is a numismatist? what is a mercury dime? coin finishes, designs and grades what is a bu coin? what is a reverse proof coin? what is tamper proof or tamper evident coin packaging? what are the common coin types? what is a cull coin? silver pandas over time what precious metals should i buy? price is today’s platinum price worth it? factors that influence the precious metals market how the u.s. dollar influences precious metals prices how to get the most for your money when buying precious metals how and when to sell gold historic precious metals price spikes gold to silver ratio how is the gold spot price set? understanding the price of silver how and when to sell silver melt values and melt value price is it important to know the price of gold per gram and per kilo? precious metals and your purchasing power why are prices higher on paper currency products than bullion the importance of monitoring precious metals prices is today’s gold price worth it? history of silver prices can i buy precious metal coins, bars or rounds at spot price? what is bid price vs ask price? what is premium over spot? precious metal sizes conversion chart science platinum group metals precious metals in cars how precious metals are vital to space exploration how will the growth of self-driving electric cars affect demand for palladium and platinum? platinum from asteroids: the next rush? how is silver mined? precious metals in electronics precious metals in the medical field what is a niobium coin? what is sterling silver? solar energy and silver how is gold mined? what are pennies made of? does silver and gold decay? what is the difference between precious metals and base metals? what are quarters made of? scientific properties of precious metals innovative technologies in minting what is the minting process? how household items can ruin your precious metals what are the industrial uses of metals? how to recycle gold? where is gold mined? where is platinum mined? what is a nugget? what is gold? is silver a metal? history of gold prices what is silver? which metals are precious metals? precious metal sizes conversion chart history silver quarters throughout history a history of u.s. mint production technology a pack of marlboros and 2 double dies please coins and currency of the american civil war the “little brother” of rare lincoln cents under three flags - the new orleans mint the post war coin: 1922 peace silver dollar the great war silver dollar the demand for silver throughout history the demand for gold throughout history the greatest silver dollar hoard in history ancient coins and their history the $10000 gold certificate top 5 facts about silver precious metals and ancient civilizations how president roosevelt changed u.s. gold coins the legend of the mexican libertad coin the history of 90% silver coins the history of 40% silver coins saint-gauden $20 gold coins lincoln wheat pennies (1909-1958) liberty head $2.50 gold coin (1840-1907) bust half dime (1794-1837) indian head penny (1859-1909) indian head $10 gold coin (1907-1933) barber half dollar (1892-1915) the history of small size u.s. currency the history of large size u.s. currency common mint errors native american coins history important u.s. legislative coin acts history of modern bullion investments the story of the pre-1933 gold double eagle coins five famous coin artists and their work history of the silver american eagle design numismatic coins vs. old currency: where value is determined who is the native american on the gold buffalo coin? how were ancient coins produced? fun facts about the california gold rush the role of coins in history where are coins minted in the u.s.? top 5 facts about gold precious metals of the bible silver thursday | the hunt brothers scheme history of palladium prices the gold standard throughout u.s. history history of gold prices silver pandas over time history of silver prices videos press releases blog market reports faq how to buy gold and silver? buying gold and silver is a little different than your typical investment. while it can be as important as investing in your future, it can also be a fun shopping experience. here are a few things you will want to know as you begin investing in precious metals. understand the price termsbefore you buy a precious metals product, you need to understand how it is priced. here are a few terms you should know and how they relate to the price to buy and sell products: spotset by global markets, the spot prices change often. a bid price is the price markets will pay for precious metals. the ask is the spot selling price. premiuma premium is added to the ask price to cover the cost of manufacturing and distribution. when you see ".99 cents per ounce over spot," the premium is .99 cents. sell/volume pricingwe make it easy to sell your precious metals, from locking in your price to getting paid. we offer fair, market-driven prices that are locked in when your order is placed over the phone. sell prices are often referred to as volume pricing. spreadthe difference between the buy price and sell price is called the spread. research your retaileronly buy precious metals from reputable retailers. if you see an opportunity that is significantly cheaper than current market prices, it is likely that the products for sale are not authentic. always stay up to date on current market prices and only do business with sellers that have a long-standing reputation for quality. choose your productswith thousands of precious metals products on the market, choosing investments is a personal decision. some people simply want gold or silver coins, rounds or bars. others want products that are valuable because of their design, mintage or other collectible qualities. place your orderin some ways, buying precious metals is as easy as adding a product to your cart and going to check out. but there are also a few key differences you want to keep an eye out for when decided where to buy precious metals: lock in your priceyour price should be locked in for at least 10 minutes after you start the checkout process. choose method of paymenta range of payment options includes credit cards, bank wire or personal check. check shipping timesfast shipping times usually means the product is on hand. abnormally long shipping times can mean a dealer doesn't own the product. rewards programsperks can include free shipping, promotional offers or advance notice of sales. learn more about apmex club. how to storesecurely storing gold and silver is top-of-mind for most investors. if you wish to store your investments at home or in a bank, apmex supplies will protect your products from damage. citadel, an apmex subsidiary, works with brink's to offer private storage in a high-security facility. this option provides easy access to your products and may allow you to showcase them to friends and family. many banks rent vault space to the public for safekeeping of valuables. these apmex products will protect your gold and silver from damage during the safe deposit box’s handling. companies like citadel global depository services segregate your products from other investors' in a high-security facility at a low cost. talk live with one of our specialists. service@apmex.com 800.375.9006 my account autoinvest portfolio tool market alerts price alerts product reviews account settings we are apmex life at apmex leadership team careers (we're hiring) how we give customer care where is my order? contact us faq shipping & delivery returns & exchanges payment faqs state sales tax information buying & selling sell gold and silver apmex blog precious metals ira coin values local coin directory storage international apmex club apmex reviews education gold price silver prices platinum prices why buy physical metals market reports how to buy coin knowledge precious metals guide in the news world mint coins whether you're new to precious metals, or just new to apmex, we're glad you are here. stay informed of our special offers. subscribe to newsletter subscribe fresh look, new features apple store google play © 2021 apmex, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy | market loss policy | user agreement × module name × wishlist! × current quantities available search for products or categories search (0) items in cart (0) there are no items in the cart. auric