来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211222024826/https://www.apmex.com/precious-metals-guide
================================================================================

precious metals | precious metals guide | apmex® opens in a new window opens an external site opens an external site in a new window gold $1,793.70($2.10) -0.12% silver $22.42($0.02) -0.09% platinum $945.60($0.50) -0.05% palladium $1,711.00($0.70) -0.04% call us: 800.375.9006 live chat fast & free shipping† on orders over $199! sign in or create account search for products or categories search cart: (0) best sellers gold silver platinum rare coins vault deals apmex branded mintdirect® apmexclusive® shop by mint 2022 coins the holiday shop available products new arrivals back in stock ira approved autoinvest gold best sellers available products on sale autoinvest clearance newly listed 2022 american eagle peanuts® christmas round united states mint american eagles buffalos pre-1933 u.s. gold high reliefs commems & all other first spouses the perth mint bars lunar series kangaroos swans commemoratives the royal mint britannias queen's beasts royal tudor beasts sovereigns commemoratives royal canadian mint maple leafs commems & all other mexican mint libertads vintage pesos commems & all other shop by mint other popular series krugerrands philharmonics pandas elephants noah’s ark world coins by region africa|asia central america & caribbean europe|south america south pacific bars & rounds by weight by brand apmex|9fine mint credit suisse pamp suisse valcambi industrial grain all other ancient & medieval gold coins ira products gold coins the holiday shop other gold products lunars unique gold coins foil notes error & damaged products jewelry pendants bezels chains necklaces men's jewelry & accessories onegold gold silver best sellers available products on sale autoinvest clearance newly listed 2022 american eagle peanuts® christmas rounds united states mint american eagles america the beautiful silver dollars commems & all other royal canadian mint maple leafs specialty bullion bars commems & all other the perth mint kangaroos lunar series swans koalas kookaburras specialty bullion commems & all other the royal mint britannias queen's beasts royal tudor beasts specialty bullion commems & all other mexican mint libertads modern commemoratives vintage coins shop by mint other popular series krugerrands pandas philharmonics biblical elephants chiwoo cheonwang czech lion dolphin mandala wildlife celestial animals world coins by region africa|asia central america & caribbean europe|south america south pacific junk silver all 90% silver bars by weight by brand apmex|9fine mint|pioneer metals geiger rounds by weight by brand apmex|9fine mint by theme movie & licensed products peanuts star wars marvel comics|dc comics disney ms.pac-man™ john wick|all other silver coins the holiday shop hand poured silver other silver products lunar designs bullets statues unique silver coins foil notes error & damaged products industrial silver silver jewelry ancient & medieval silver coins ira products onegold silver platinum & palladium best sellers available products platinum special offers newly listed 2022 platinum maple leaf united states mint platinum american eagles royal canadian mint platinum maple leafs commems & all other the perth mint platinum other popular platinum series britannias big five philharmonics queen's beasts platinum bars & rounds by weight by brand valcambi platinum bullion industrial platinum world platinum by country great britain isle of man all other shop by mint united states mint palladium american eagles royal canadian mint palladium maple leafs moscow mint palladium ballerinas palladium bars & rounds by weight by brand palladium bullion deals rare coins elite picks on sale autoinvest clearance newly listed items pre-33 u.s. gold coins $20 liberty double eagles $20 saint-gaudens double eagles $10 liberty eagles $10 indian eagles $5 liberty half eagles $5 indian half eagles $3 gold princess $2.50 liberty quarter eagles $2.50 indian quarter eagles $1 u.s. gold (type 1, 2 & 3) u.s. rare coins bust|seated|trade dollars morgan silver dollars peace silver dollars eisenhower sba|sacagawea|presidential american innovation dollars half dollars quarters dimes nickels cents half cents|2 cents|3 cent silver 3 cent nickel|half dimes|20 cents historical european coins u.s. silver commemoratives u.s. gold commemoratives u.s. coin sets u.s. proof sets special edition proof sets u.s. mint sets coin & currency sets world coins by region ancient & medieval coins vintage mexican coins u.s. currency $1,000 federal reserve notes $500 federal reserve notes large type small type national bank notes other u.s. currency confederate currency all other hawaii coins tokens & medals colonials & patterns error & damaged products currency & other u.s. currency (large) u.s. notes legal tender treasury or coin notes gold certificates silver certificates federal reserve bank notes federal reserve notes u.s. currency (small) $1,000 federal reserve notes $500 federal reserve notes $1, $2, $5, $10, $20$50 & $100 federal reserve notes $10-$100 gold certificates $1-$10 silver certificates $1-$100 u.s. notes $5-$100 federal reserve bank notes other u.s. currency colonial obsolete bank notes u.s. fractional currency hawaii north africa currency error currency disney & novelty currency national bank notes large notes small notes confederate currency 1861|1862|1863|1864 confederate bonds world currency by region africa|asia central america & caribbean europe|notgeld north america south america south pacific shop by mint coin & currency sets sports-themed products copper rounds bars jewelry gold silver sports jewelry other items exonumia medals tokens stocks & bonds storage & supplies presentation & gift boxes coin & bar capsules coin & bar storage coin & bar tubes intercept storage boxes official monster boxes safes & lock boxes individual coin & currency holders coin collecting albums coin dip & protectors cloth money bags magnifiers/loupes books sell to us charts gold spot price silver spot price platinum spot price palladium spot price resources education autoinvest ira secure storage apmex club onegold alerts & tools where's my order bullion sales taxes by state international contact us we're sorry, it appears that javascript is disabled in your browser. to view and use the site apmex.com, please enable javascript. apmex precious metals guide – how to buy gold & silver bullion how much should i buy? the beauty of gold american eagle coins sunshine mint: custom minting royal canadian mint production technology the finest gold coins ever minted australian classic: gold kangaroo coins wearing america’s favorite gold coin the first gold bullion coin: the south african krugerrand how to sell gold? bullion coins vs collectible coins bullion bars, rounds or coins? making the right choice for you i've bought all this bullion: now what? what is bullion? storing and protecting precious metals what is fine silver? what is a troy ounce? poured vs pressed bars britannias and philharmonics why are prices higher on paper currency products than bullion rare modern bullion coins investing in platinum and palladium rounds or coins? does one have better value than the other? what is production silver? what are fractional coin sizes? silver vs platinum vs palladium - how to tell the difference what is fine gold? platinum products for beginners what are sovereign mints and private mints? what are the common coin types? how rare is platinum? what is the difference between a coin and a round? the best way to buy silver what is junk silver? why buy palladium? why buy platinum? what precious metals should i buy? why buy physical gold and silver? investing how much should i buy? guide to platinum investing is today’s platinum price worth it? what are the top 5 palladium coins for investment? what are the top 10 platinum coins for investment? best investment strategies for short-term gain how to buy precious metals on a budget? why you should diversify your precious metals portfolio guide to silver investing guide to gold investing what do i do if i inherit precious metals? common precious metals abbreviations backwardation and contango: definition and explanation precious metals vs the stock market platinum vs palladium what are the top 10 silver coins for investment? what are the top 10 gold coins for investment? physical gold value vs bitcoin value when to buy precious metals why pcgs and ngc-graded coins can be good investments investing in platinum and palladium is copper a good investment? what is the comex? what is fiat currency? precious metals investing vs stock market investing what is an etf? what is a bull market? what is a bear market? the gold to platinum ratio why silver can be a good place to start investing how gold and silver values stack up against traditional currency platinum products for beginners why platinum is today's rich man's gold reasons why people invest in precious metals what are secondary market metals? five things to know before buying gold at pawn shops the basics of investing in silver the value of silver how silver uses affect the silver price today is today’s gold price worth it? history of silver prices how does supply and demand impact purchasing precious metals? why buy platinum? currency in failed economy how to buy gold and silver? what precious metals should i buy? numismatics how much should i buy? coinvalues_liberty25dollargoldcoin draped bust half dimes (1796-1805) draped bust dimes (1796 – 1807) draped bust half dollars (1801-1807) capped bust quarters (1815 - 1838) capped bust half dimes (1829 – 1837) capped bust dimes (1809-1837) two cent piece (1864-1873) what is a wheat penny? what is my old coin worth? 1938-d walking liberty half dollars the 1864-l indian head cent the 1869 indian head cent 1921-s buffalo nickel 1924-s buffalo nickel the 1932-d and 1932-s washington quarters the 1942/1 mercury dime overdate the “little brother” of rare lincoln cents basic terms to know before coin collecting 1866 shield nickel with rays 1964 washington quarters the $10000 gold certificate three dollar gold coins coin appraisals and where to get coins appraised coin collector trends | modern numismatic collectibles top 10 rare coins at apmex v nickels (1883-1913) three cent silver (1851-1873) why should i collect currency? what are graded coins? u.s. coin values artificially toned coins vs naturally toned coins the 1921 morgan silver dollar: a popular silver coin for the ages what is bag damage? what is a certified mint state coin? differences between morgan dollars and peace dollars differences in numismatic coin sets rare modern bullion coins five private mints and what makes them unique why are some coins auctioned off for millions while others are not? numismatic coins vs. old currency: where value is determined why the 1794 silver dollar fetched millions of dollars at auction - twice what are gold doubloons? what is a numismatist? what is a mercury dime? what are national bank notes? coin finishes, designs and grades what is a burnished coin? what are high relief and ultra high relief coins? what is an ancient coin? what is a proof coin? what is a rimless design coin? what is a cull coin? coin grading: grade can help determine coin value what precious metals should i buy? collectibles how much should i buy? release order and mintages for america the beautiful quarters collectible disney coins from the new zealand mint the finest gold coins ever minted gift guide for sports fans beauty & ballet: russian ballerina palladium coins royal canadian mint’s bullion dna program the collectibility of copper what is a wheat penny? top 10 collectible animal coins basic terms to know before coin collecting top 5 bird coins from around the world the post war coin: 1922 peace silver dollar bullion coins vs collectible coins the greatest silver dollar hoard in history what are coin anniversary sets? how president roosevelt changed u.s. gold coins how do i start a collection of modern collectibles? coin collector trends | modern numismatic collectibles what is limited mintage? what is a niobium coin? building a global coin collection proof coins vs uncirculated coins the 1909-s vdb lincoln cent – the king of lincoln cents the 1916-d mercury dime – a very dangerous dime the 1937-d 3-legged buffalo nickel – a small error in very large demand melt values and melt value price why do people collect coins? what types of coins are good for new collectors? what are graded coins? how to roll coins what is first strike? artificially toned coins vs naturally toned coins the 1921 morgan silver dollar: a popular silver coin for the ages how to collect morgan silver dollars differences between morgan dollars and peace dollars common mint errors who are silver stackers? how are coin designs chosen for the america the beautiful coins? differences in numismatic coin sets hand poured gold and silver what to do when you find a rare coin why are philharmonics so special to austria? numismatic coins vs. old currency: where value is determined how much gold and silver are in an olympic medal? five popular coins to collect what does atb mean? what are one-year type coins? what is a numismatist? what is a mercury dime? coin finishes, designs and grades what is a bu coin? what is a reverse proof coin? what is tamper proof or tamper evident coin packaging? what are the common coin types? what is a cull coin? silver pandas over time what precious metals should i buy? price is today’s platinum price worth it? factors that influence the precious metals market how the u.s. dollar influences precious metals prices how to get the most for your money when buying precious metals how and when to sell gold historic precious metals price spikes gold to silver ratio how and when to sell silver melt values and melt value price is it important to know the price of gold per gram and per kilo? precious metals and your purchasing power why are prices higher on paper currency products than bullion the importance of monitoring precious metals prices is today’s gold price worth it? history of silver prices can i buy precious metal coins, bars or rounds at spot price? what is bid price vs ask price? what is premium over spot? precious metal sizes conversion chart science platinum group metals precious metals in cars how precious metals are vital to space exploration how will the growth of self-driving electric cars affect demand for palladium and platinum? platinum from asteroids: the next rush? how is silver mined? precious metals in electronics precious metals in the medical field what is a niobium coin? what is sterling silver? solar energy and silver how is gold mined? what are pennies made of? does silver and gold decay? what is the difference between precious metals and base metals? what are quarters made of? scientific properties of precious metals innovative technologies in minting what is the minting process? how household items can ruin your precious metals what are the industrial uses of metals? how to recycle gold? where is gold mined? where is platinum mined? what is a nugget? what is gold? is silver a metal? history of gold prices what is silver? which metals are precious metals? precious metal sizes conversion chart history silver quarters throughout history a history of u.s. mint production technology coins and currency of the american civil war the “little brother” of rare lincoln cents under three flags - the new orleans mint the post war coin: 1922 peace silver dollar the great war silver dollar the demand for silver throughout history the demand for gold throughout history the greatest silver dollar hoard in history ancient coins and their history the $10000 gold certificate top 5 facts about silver precious metals and ancient civilizations how president roosevelt changed u.s. gold coins the legend of the mexican libertad coin the history of 90% silver coins the history of 40% silver coins the history of small size u.s. currency the history of large size u.s. currency common mint errors native american coins history important u.s. legislative coin acts history of modern bullion investments the story of the pre-1933 gold double eagle coins five famous coin artists and their work history of the silver american eagle design numismatic coins vs. old currency: where value is determined who is the native american on the gold buffalo coin? how were ancient coins produced? fun facts about the california gold rush the role of coins in history where are coins minted in the u.s.? top 5 facts about gold precious metals of the bible silver thursday | the hunt brothers scheme history of palladium prices the gold standard throughout u.s. history history of gold prices silver pandas over time history of silver prices tax info new mexico bullion sales taxes and regulations west virginia bullion sales taxes and regulations south carolina bullion sales taxes and regulations north dakota bullion sales taxes and regulations nebraska bullion sales taxes and regulations massachusetts bullion sales taxes and regulations connecticut bullion sales taxes and regulations alabama bullion sales taxes and regulations state sales taxes information videos press releases blog market reports faq precious metals guide – how to buy gold & silver the precious metals guide: investment insights and services thank you for choosing apmex. we’ve created this precious metals guide to acquaint you with precious metal investing and introduce you to the ways apmex helps you succeed. you’ll learn about our vast selection, our transparent and fair pricing, and our wide array of helpful tools and resources. if you have any questions, whether you’re a seasoned expert or just getting started in precious metals, you can chat with us online or call an experienced account manager at 800.375.9006. you’ll find our integrity is every bit as tangible as the products we buy and sell. [read more] investing in precious metal products some people who buy precious metals are investing in gold or silver. some want products that are attractive. others may be collectors, hoping to own unique pieces and sets. the world of precious metals is vast, with products for every need and budget. page 4-5: about investment bullion if you buy gold, silver, platinum or palladium for the precious metal content, you’re probably buying bullion. while the troy ounce size is most common, investors can also find pieces from just 1 gram to as large as 1,000 ounces. composition of investment bullion every investment bullion product is marked with its content and purity. troy oz: the standard of measurement for precious metal bullion, 1 troy oz equals 1.097 kitchen ounces. fine: refers to the purity of the precious metal. a coin or bar that's .999 fine will be 99.9% precious metal. one that's .9999 fine will be 99.99% precious metal. the weight that's stamped on a product is the actual precious metal content. so, a 1 oz product may weigh slightly more than 1 oz, the extra weight being the other metals used in smelting. pricing investment bullion on most pages of the apmex website, you'll find spot prices for the featured precious metal. global markets determine spot prices. you'll see two numbers here. bid: the price global markets are willing to pay for ounces of metal in its unfabricated form ask: the price global markets are willing to sell ounces of metal in its unfabricated form spot prices change many times in a day and apmex updates them in real time. nobody buys precious metals at the actual spot price. the actual purchase price includes the... premium: an additional cost above spot to cover manufacturing, distribution and marketing costs. numismatic (collectible) coins may have an additional premium based on scarcity, quality, demand and intangible factors. so when you're on the apmex website and you see $3.49 per coin over spot, that means the coin is priced at the ask price for the actual weight of the coin, plus a premium of $3.49. page 6-7: bullion products: sovereign coins since sovereign nations stand behind the content and purity of bullion coins, they're highly valued and easy to trade. 1 oz gold american eagle the most popular gold bullion coin in america, it features the augustus saint-gaudens design first used on american coins in 1907. 1 oz gold canadian maple leaf this official gold bullion coin of canada showcases a single maple leaf on the reverse and queen elizabeth ii on the obverse. 1 oz gold krugerrand the first gold bullion coin of the modern era, millions have been sold since it was first minted in 1967. 1 oz gold australian kangaroo attractive premiums. limited mintages. a design that changes every year. no surprise these coins are popular with investors and collectors. 1 oz silver american eagle the most popular silver bullion coin in the world, it's highly liquid. it's also attractive, with a design based on the walking liberty half dollar design. 1 oz silver canadian maple leaf many say it's the world's most beautiful silver bullion coin. and with its .9999 fine silver composition, it's surely one of the purest. 1 oz silver britannia historically made with britannia silver (.986 fine), the silver britannia was upgraded to pure silver (.999 fine) in 2013. 1 oz silver philharmonic features the organ of the great hall of vienna's musikverein. philharmonics are also popular in gold. page 8-9: bullion products: bars & rounds precious metal bars and rounds may match sovereign coins in content and purity, but because they're usually minted privately, they can cost less. 1 oz pamp suisse gold bar a beautiful image of the goddess fortuna graces the front; the back features a unique serial number that matches the individual assay card. 1 oz credit suisse gold bar from one of the world's great banks, authenticity is assured by a tamper-evident assay card and unique serial number. 1/2 oz apmex gold round each brand-new handsome gold round contains 1/2 oz of .9999 fine gold and is stamped with the trusted apmex logo. 1 oz pamp suisse platinum bar the platinum version of the famous pamp suisse bar also has unique serial numbers on the bar and assay card. 1 oz apmex silver round from one of the most trusted names in gold and silver, the apmex silver round features the popular and patriotic american eagle design. 1 oz sunshine silver round this 1 oz silver round boasts the mintmark si™ security feature, ensuring its authenticity and .999 fine purity. 10 oz apmex silver bar about the size of a credit card, the 10 oz bar lets you hold more silver in one item, at a lower premium than most 1 oz products. 100 oz johnson matthey silver bar more a brick than a bar, the .999 fine silver bar packs a whole lot of silver in one easy-to-store piece. page 10-11: semi-numismatic coins these coins may have historic significance, limited populations or other characteristics that make them popular with collectors. 1 oz gold eagle ms-70 pcgs first strike pcgs certifies this gold eagle coin to be in perfect condition (ms-70); first strike tells you it's one of the first coins the mint distributed that year. 1 oz proof gold buffalo minted with special dies to create a mirrorlike sheen, the .9999 fine proof gold buffalo comes in an original u.s. mint presentation box. 1/2 gram gold kangaroo "mini roo" the "mini roo" comes encased in an assay card that provides protection while guaranteeing purity and authenticity. the small size makes it an ideal gift. 1 oz proof silver eagle pf-70 ngc early releases certified by ngc, this proof silver eagle is graded proof 70 (pf-70) and carries the early releases designation. 1 oz silver australian lunar calendar coins 2014 is the year of the horse. the lunar designs change each year to follow the lunar calendar. $1 u.s. mint silver commemoratives issued to commemorate people, places, or events, silver commemoratives attract people with their beauty and historical significance. page 12-13: collectibles: modern numismatic coins because of their limited mintage, beauty and condition, these coins have value way beyond the intrinsic value of the gold and silver content. fascinating coins intricate designs and new technology can make a coin valuable and collectible. this alluring coin celebrates 2014, the year of the horse, with a colorized cascade of camellia flowers in full bloom. limited mintage or population coins a seemingly simple coin may have collectible appeal due to its limited mintage or unique condition. very few of these proof ultra cameo silver eagle coins were minted. even fewer were certified perfect pr-70; pf-70; or proof-70. historic numismatic coins prized by collectors, these coins become more valuable if the authenticity and condition are certified by agencies like ngc or pcgs. $20 gold double eagles considered by many as the most beautiful coin of all time, each coin contains .9675 oz of gold. those that are available today survived a 1933 government-ordered meltdown of gold coins. morgan silver dollars the most famous and highly collected u.s. coin, they’re available in many conditions from heavily circulated to proof. some limited mintages can be extremely valuable. page 14: the solid case for holding physical gold and silver since it again became legal for americans to own gold bullion in 1975, overall gold returns have consistently been better than the s&p 500, except for one brief period from 1997 - 2004. page 15: while every investor has unique situations and goals, many financial advisors recommend allocating 5% - 10% or more of assets in gold and other precious metals. here's why: a low-correlation asset precious metals prices generally move independently of stocks and bonds. in a downturn, they could carry your portfolio. insurance for purchasing power while governments determine money supplies, the supply of gold is relativity finite. during inflationary times, the relative purchasing power of gold has historically remained stable. currencies without borders an ounce of gold is the same ounce of gold, with the same recognized intrinsic value, anywhere in the world. easily passed down from generation to generation gifts of gold and silver can be given at any time during your life or bequeathed as part of an estate. page 16: education image (screen shot of site on tablet) page 17: empowering our customers with knowledge whether you're a first time investor or an experienced professional, you'll appreciate the vast informational resources apmex makes available to you. page 18-19: first time buyers learn more about buying and investing in precious metals by visiting www.apmex.com/first-time-buyer. customer reviews apmex customers aren't shy about sharing their opinions, positive and negative, about our products. you can see honest reviews on our site — and don't forget to write your own. follow apmex you'll find apmex on every major social media site. follow us to get the latest product and special offer information, and find out what other apmex customers are saying. market reports up to three times a day, you can find updates on the day's trading at www.apmex.com/commentaries. a weekly recap, published friday evening, gives you a thoughtful look at the week that passed so you're better prepared for the week ahead. blog the official apmex blog (blog.apmex.com) is filled with helpful articles about precious metals investing, current market conditions and the special offers from apmex. videos videos on our website and youtube channel were created to help you understand precious metals products, markets and how apmex supports your efforts to be a more successful investor. page 20: apmex tools logos page 21: making every opportunity count you'll never miss an opportunity if you let apmex track the market for you. when a precious metal or product hits your price, we'll send you an email or text message alert. we do the work, and you'll get your price. page 22-23: custom spot price alerts are you waiting for the market to hit your price before you make your move? sign up for apmex custom spot price alerts. you'll get a ping as soon as the market hits your price. price alerts like custom spot price alerts, but for specific products. sign up and as soon as your product is available at the price you want, we'll let you know. alertme™ say you want a product, but it's out of stock. click the "alertme™" icon next to the product's picture. we'll let you know as soon as it comes in so you can get it first. apmex portfolio tool you can track the value of your apmex holdings on the apmex website. just log into your account, hover over "account" and click on "holdings". wishlist every product page includes an "add this product to your wishlist" link. it helps you keep a running list of products that you like and may want to purchase at a later date. free price widgets if you have a website, you can add real-time precious metals prices to attract visitors and provide a valuable service. just download our free price widget. page 24: apmex silver rounds page 25: building trust one customer at a time. integrity. trust. customer service —we live by these values 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. and we're always looking for ways to give our customers a better experience. page 26-27: transparent pricing the market-driven price you see on our website is the price you pay. there are no surprise fees or commissions at checkout. you just lock-in the price and complete your order. help without hype no hard sell. click the "chat" button on our website or call 800.375.9006. our representatives will answer your questions and help you choose the best product for your needs. in your hands faster our industry-leading apmex quickship™ process guarantees that any domestic order paid by credit card or bank wire will ship within 1 business day of your payment's clearing. (some restrictions apply.) better business bureau a+ rating apmex has enjoyed continuous accreditation by the better business bureau and has an a+ rating. page 28: ira-approved products page 29: protecting your ira with precious metals as pensions are largely a thing of the past, your ira may be your single most important investment. apmex dedicates a full team to helping you diversify your retirement savings into precious metals. page 30: a precious metals ira gives you the traditional ira benefits of self-directed investing and tax-deferred growth, plus the unique benefits of investing in gold and silver. a hedge for purchasing power history shows that when inflation reduces the value of paper currency, the price of gold and silver generally goes up and their relative purchasing power remains intact. insuring your other investments financial experts call precious metals a "non-correlated asset", meaning their value generally moves independently of stocks, bonds and treasury bills. gold and silver could prove a hedge against unstable markets. keep in mind, past performance is no guarantee of future results. page 31: dedicated ira support the irs has special rules for investing in a precious metals ira, and apmex has a full team of ira specialists dedicated to helping you every step of the way. establishing a precious metals ira apmex ira specialists will walk you through the simple steps to open your precious metals ira. they'll explain your options and answer any questions you may have. choosing products for your ira we work closely with you to identify the products that make the most sense in your portfolio. find out how easy it is to include gold, silver and other precious metals in your ira. speak to an apmex ira specialist today at 800.418.0235 or visit our site at www.apmex.com/irabenefits page 32: citadel image page 33: protecting your products against loss, damage and theft our wholly owned subsidiary, citadel global depository services, works with brink's global services usa inc. to store, protect and insure your products. and it costs a lot less than you may think. page 34: more than a storage solution, citadel provides an innovative, low-cost, and convenient way to manage your precious metals investments. page 35: here's how citadel secures your precious metals and peace of mind: secure vault protection against theft, physical damage and loss. your holdings are fully segregated, never co-mingled with another customer's products. a personalized web page details your items in storage and lets you track their real time market value. shipping to the high security storage facility is free and storage costs less than some etf management fees. your investment becomes more liquid; apmex buys back your stored purchase at market price and there's no shipping charge. explore the best option in secure storage for your precious metals. call to open an account today at 888.518.7596 | visit our site at www.cgdsi.com page 36: gold eagles in capsules page 37: caring for your purchase true story: a man once found an old coin in an attic and decided to clean it before selling. in doing so, he reduced its value by thousands of dollars. here's how to handle and care for coins and other precious metals. page 38: gold, silver, platinum & palladium, in the pure states sold by apmex, are softer than the precious metal alloys used in jewelry. so they tend to scratch and corrode more easily. if your product comes in protective packaging, keep it there. remember, certified coins are only guaranteed if they never come out of their sealed holders. bullion products may be sold in tamper-evident packaging with assay cards that attest to the product's weight and purity. tampering can reduce resale value and make the product harder to sell. if your product doesn't come in sealed packaging, click the "supplies" link on the apmex home page. you'll find many ways to protect, organize and store your products. page 39: if you must handle, handle with extreme care. the natural oils on your skin can have a corrosive effect on precious metals. fingerprints can be almost impossible to remove. make sure your hands are clean before handling. better yet, wear soft cotton gloves. hold the coin by its edges between your thumb and forefinger; never let your fingers touch either surface. hold coins over a towel or other soft surface. even a short drop can cause permanent damage. avoid talking over coins. tiny, almost invisible droplets of saliva can land on a coin and show up later as spots. avoid cleaning. collectors tend to prefer coins that show the deep coloration of age over those whose surfaces have been stripped away by improper cleaning. page 40: silver eagle coins page 41: selling precious metals made easy if your investment is at a price where you want to sell, just call apmex. we buy back what we sell and pay competitive prices on every transaction. here's how it works. page 42: a simple, transparent process whether you buy from us or sell to us, apmex believes in transparency. you'll see real-time "buy" prices for many products throughout our website. and our purchasing agents can give you prices for thousands more. the simple steps for selling to apmex call 800.376.9006 — we'll tell you the competitive price we will pay when you call and lock the price as soon as you agree to sell to us. send us your products — carefully package and ship your coins or bullion products to us. get paid — we'll inspect your shipment when it comes in and release payment right away. it's a fast, hassle-free transaction every time. learn more at www.apmex.com/selltous. page 44-47: glossary here are a few key terms precious metals purchasers need to know. you can see a full list of terms on our website at www.apmex.com/glossary. ask: the price at which a dealer offers to sell. assay: a test to ascertain the fineness or purity of a precious metal. bid: the price at which a dealer is willing to buy. brilliant uncirculated (bu): describes a coin in new condition. bu coins have no wear, with very minimal handling marks or other imperfections. bullion: describes the following: 1. gold, silver, platinum or palladium coins which closely follow spot prices and have little or no numismatic (collectible) value. 2. the form in which metal is shaped such as bars, rounds, ingots, or wafers. commemoratives: legal tender coins or medallions, usually minted of gold or silver, struck to commemorate themes, events, places or people. device: a design found on a coin. frequently, it is the bust or profile of a person who symbolizes a particular country at a particular time in history, a country's coat of arms or insignia. face value: the monetary value of a coin, which does not necessarily correspond to its actual worth. for example, the face value of a 1 oz gold american eagle is $50, but its actual worth is much higher because it is tied to the value of its gold content. edge: the third "side" of a coin, not the obverse or the reverse. the edge of a coin may be reeded, lettered or plain. field: the open area or background on a coin. grading service: an independent company that grades coins an adjective or number to represent the state of preservation. gram: the basic unit of weight of the metric system (31.1035 grams = one troy ounce). hedge: an offsetting transaction (e.g. the purchase or sale of a future contract or option) designed to lessen the impact of adverse movements in the value of assets. luster: a frosty appearance on the surface of a coin, usually an uncirculated coin. mint: the place where a coin, round or bar was manufactured. mint mark: a letter or symbol stamped on a coin to identify the minting facility where it was struck. ngc: acronym for numismatic guaranty corporation, one of two major coin grading services in the united states. numismatic coins: coins whose prices depend more on their rarity, condition, dates, and mint marks than on their gold or silver content, if any. obverse: the front side of a coin. pcgs: acronym for professional coin grading service, one of two major coin grading services in the united states. premium: the additional cost of a coin or bullion item over and above the spot price of the precious metal contained in the coin. the premium includes the costs of fabrication and distribution. proof: the manner in which a coin was minted, not its condition. highly polished dies and special planchets produce coins with a mirrorlike finish. reverse: the back side of a coin. spot: the current market trading price of a commodity like gold and other precious metals at a specific point in time. spread: the difference between the buying price and the selling price of a product at the same time on the same day by the same person. if gold is purchased at $1,680 per ounce, and sold at $1,700, the spread is $20. troy ounce: the standard measure of weight used in the precious metals industry. the troy ounce is different from the ounce with which most americans are familiar (the avoirdupois ounce). one troy ounce is equivalent to 1.097 avoirdupois ounces. uncirculated: a coin in new or unused condition, never having been used for the intended purpose as money, but may have some handling marks or other moderate imperfections. [read less] talk live with one of our specialists. service@apmex.com 800.375.9006 my account autoinvest portfolio tool custom spot price alert price alerts product reviews account settings we are apmex life at apmex leadership team careers (we're hiring) how we give customer care where is my order? contact us faq shipping & delivery returns & exchanges payment faqs bullion sales taxes by state buying & selling sell gold and silver apmex blog precious metals ira coin values local coin directory storage international apmex club apmex reviews education gold price silver prices platinum prices why buy physical metals market reports how to buy coin knowledge precious metals guide in the news world mint coins whether you're new to precious metals, or just new to apmex, we're glad you are here. stay informed of our special offers. subscribe to newsletter subscribe fresh look, new features apple store google play © 2021 apmex, inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy | market loss policy | user agreement × module name × wishlist! × current quantities available search for products or categories search (0) items in cart (0) there are no items in the cart. apxiis02