来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231064637/https://www.apmex.com/blog
================================================================================

community - apmex call us 800.375.9006 sign in or create account knowledge center return to apmex buying & selling knowledge center coin guide guide to bullion values guide to colonial values guide to commemoratives values guide to dimes values guide to gold values guide to dollar values guide to half dollar values guide to nickels values guide to proof sets values guide to quarter values guide to territorial values guide to cents values learning guide history science bullion numismatics coin collecting world mints investing guide how to guides beginners guide buying guide buying guide local coin shop directory buying in the usa buying international selling guide news and press releases community products programs menu coin guide guide to bullion values guide to colonial values guide to commemoratives values guide to dimes values guide to gold values guide to dollar values guide to half dollar values guide to nickels values guide to proof sets values guide to quarter values guide to territorial values guide to cents values learning guide history science bullion numismatics coin collecting world mints investing guide how to guides beginners guide buying guide buying guide local coin shop directory buying in the usa buying international selling guide news and press releases community products programs shop gold and silver search knowledge center news community community since opening our doors in 2000, apmex has continued to grow and remains one of the largest online precious metals retailers in the industry. as we grow, stay up to date on our latest news and updates to participate in our local coin community. celebrate the ana’s 2022 national coin week with apmex the idea of a national coin week was created in 1923 when coin dealer and ana board of governors member julius guttag put forth the idea of a week-long celebration to “attract the general public to our hobby and consequently increase our membership and aid in our science.” read more gold breaks the historical barrier of $2k two days in a row the news of recent events has caused gold to spike over $2,000 and silver to spike over $25, with the current prices at the time of writing sitting at $2,053.80 for gold and $26.58 for silver. read more celebrate women’s history month with apmex march is women’s history month, which commemorates the study, observance, and celebration of women’s vital role in history. from famous first ladies to the iconic britannia, apmex carries a wide selection of products featuring depictions of influential women in history. read more all community resources see all apmex leads charge to serve the hungry apmex is donating $500,000 to the regional food bank for this match. the company’s commitment will help provide millions of additional meals to hungry oklahomans. read more 20 years of teamwork – apmex 20th anniversary the apmex team includes many members who have been with the company for five to 10, even 15 to 20 years. join our team as we reflect on our time here, as well as what we look forward to in the future. read more best places to work 2020 as apmex embarks on its 20-year mark, the precious metals leader has been recognized by the journal record and best places to work organization as one of the best places to work in oklahoma for 2020. this is the second year in a row apmex has been recognized. read more apmex helps rfbo match $1 million in donations during these challenging times, apmex employees have gone above and beyond to help serve our customers. due to their hard work and commitment, apmex has donated $250,000 on behalf of our employees to help provide food for thousands of oklahomans. the donation helped the regional food bank of oklahoma (rfbo) meet its goal of creating a $1 million fund to match other donations to combat hunger during the covid-19 pandemic. read more apmex provides more than 218,000 meals for rfbo apmex has once again teamed up with the regional food bank of oklahoma to fight hunger in the state. through participation in the nonprofit’s annual feeding hope and letter carriers’ food and fund drive, apmex raised enough food and funds to provide 218,120 meals for oklahomans who face hunger every day. every dollar donated to the regional food bank provides four meals. read more rfbo’s chefs’ feast event raises more than $170k for children the regional food bank of oklahoma hosted the 32nd annual chef’s feast. this year, the program raised $170,000 for kids that are in need. read more apmex raises $2.49m for rfbo’s 2018 holiday match campaign the regional food bank of oklahoma hosted a donation match campaign with partnership from apmex. the regional food bank was able to raise more than $2.49 million, totaling over 9.9 million meals. read more rfbo and apmex recognize fundraising efforts of local schools apmex is proud to have sponsored the students against hunger food drive, a competition put on by the regional food bank of oklahoma each year. bishop mcguinness high school won most meals overall for the second year in a row. read more apmex and rfbo provided 4.8 million meals during the holidays the holiday match campaign offers a great opportunity for oklahomans to fight hunger across the city and across the state. read more apmex provides more than 136,000 meals to feed oklahomans apmex has once again teamed up with the regional food bank of oklahoma to fight hunger in the state. through participation in the nonprofit’s annual feeding hope and letter carriers’ food and fund drive, apmex raised enough food and funds to provide 136,869 meals for oklahomans who face hunger every day. every dollar donated to the regional food bank provides four meals; this year, apmex’s contribution collected during their food and fund drive will provide a total of 136,869 meals for oklahomans who need it most. read more apmex provides six million meals to rfbo this holiday season once again, apmex joins the regional food bank of oklahoma for the holiday match campaign, hunger never takes a holiday, starting november 15th, 2017 to january 15, 2018. with an estimated 16% of the population experiencing food insecurity in oklahoma, apmex is proud to offer help by matching dollar for dollar up to $600,000 for the hunger never takes a holiday campaign. read more apmex teams up to support hurricane relief efforts apmex is pleased to be apart of hurricane relief efforts by providing a 2017 silver 1 ounce round, available now online. not only does this silver round provide a point in time that will be remembered for many years, but it also holds a fine silver value of one full ounce. read more a note from the 2016 great london getaway trip winner 2016 was a great year for the london getaway trip winner. with magnificent views and weather, the couple were able to enjoy the sights and sounds of london while experiencing the history of the royal mint. you can enter for a chance to win a trip of a lifetime today. read more apmex provides more than 504,000 meals for rfbo apmex.com provided over 504,000 meals in partnership with the regional food bank of oklahoma. in an effort to fight hunger, apmex holds a variety of contests throughout the week to make the donations and meals possible. read more apmex raises $4.2m+ during rfbo’s 2017 holiday match campaign apmex partnered with the regional food bank of oklahoma for their 2017 holiday match campaign from november 15th through january 15th. these donations will help feed hungry oklahomans. the regional food bank was able to raise more than $4.2 million, which totals more than 21 million meals, in a short 61 days! read more apmex appoints mark yoshimura as chief operating officer apmex is proud to announce mark yoshimura as chief operating officer. the apmex executive addition will add value to the company with his vast work experience and knowledge. he has worked for office depot, and payless shoesource before coming to apmex. read more apmex joins rfbo in providing six million meals this holiday apmex.com, a leading online precious metals retailer based in oklahoma city, is once again teaming with the regional food bank of oklahoma in the fight against hunger. this holiday season’s campaign, hunger never takes a holiday, runs from nov. 15, 2016 through jan. 15, 2017. last year, apmex.com provided more than half a million meals to help feed hungry oklahomans. this year, apmex.com and the regional food bank have set their sights even higher. read more apmex provides rfbo with more than 158,000 meals according to the food bank, oklahoma is one of the hungriest states in the nation. one in six oklahomans, or about 656,000 people, struggle with hunger or have limited availability of nutritionally adequate food. read more apmex provides 500,000 meals with gift to rfbo like the food bank, thomas’ desire is to address underlying problems and find sustainable solutions. gardening and education programs, a network of more than 1,200 charitable feeding programs and schools, and an annual operating budget below four percent ensure the food bank is driving viable, long term, hunger-relief solutions. read more apmex appoints kenneth lewis as chief executive office as coo, mr. lewis was responsible for managing apmex’s information technology, merchandising, purchasing, sales, customer service, and marketing functions. read more more guides for you more resources for you shop today's best deals live charts free portfolio tool getting in touch with us order tracking information shop today's best deals live charts free portfolio tool getting in touch with us order tracking information learn precious metals bullion history numismatics coin collecting science world mints menu bullion history numismatics coin collecting science world mints investing guide beginners guide how to guides menu beginners guide how to guides buying guide steps to purchasing buying in the usa buying international local coin shop directory precious metals pricing menu steps to purchasing buying in the usa buying international local coin shop directory precious metals pricing selling guide history science bullion numismatics collectibles menu history science bullion numismatics collectibles coin guide bullion coin values colonial values commemorative values dime values gold values dollar values half dollar values nickel values menu bullion coin values colonial values commemorative values dime values gold values dollar values half dollar values nickel values news and press releases press releases community products programs menu press releases community products programs shop gold and silver twitter instagram facebook tiktok youtube linkedin pinterest apple android © 2022 apmex, inc. all rights reserved. coin guide guide to bullion values guide to colonial values guide to commemoratives values guide to dimes values guide to gold values guide to dollar values guide to half dollar values guide to nickels values guide to proof sets values guide to quarter values guide to territorial values guide to cents values learning guide history science bullion numismatics coin collecting world mints investing guide how to guides beginners guide buying guide buying guide local coin shop directory buying in the usa buying international selling guide news and press releases community products programs menu coin guide guide to bullion values guide to colonial values guide to commemoratives values guide to dimes values guide to gold values guide to dollar values guide to half dollar values guide to nickels values guide to proof sets values guide to quarter values guide to territorial values guide to cents values learning guide history science bullion numismatics coin collecting world mints investing guide how to guides beginners guide buying guide buying guide local coin shop directory buying in the usa buying international selling guide news and press releases community products programs shop gold and silver