来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241229070338/https://www.apmex.com/world-mint-coins
================================================================================

compendium of international mints - apmex shop now call us 800.375.9006 sign in or create account knowledge center return to apmex buying & selling knowledge center apmex answers coin value guide learning guides history of gold & silver science bullion coin collecting international mints investing guide gold silver platinum buying guide buying guide local coin shop directory state tax guide buying international selling guide apmex answers coin value guide learning guides history of gold & silver science bullion coin collecting international mints investing guide gold silver platinum buying guide buying guide local coin shop directory state tax guide buying international selling guide shop gold and silver search knowledge center learning guide world mints world mints and manufacturers learn more about the mints and manufacturers producing the most popular bullion across the globe. expand your collection, or start a world coin collection, by browsing the different mints and their iconic products. history of the philadelphia mintthe philadelphia mint’s long and complicated history is vital to the creation of our national currency.read more history of the swissmintthe history of the coins produced by the switzerland mint or "swissmint" and the popularity of the helvetia coins.read more tuvalu coinsare tuvalu coins minted by tuvalu mint? discover tuvalu's popular products, mint collaborations, and more.read more all world mints resources see all cook island coins do cook island coins come from the cook island mint? explore the cook islands – including their history, mint collaborations, and more. read more niue coins do niue coins come from the niue mint? discover the fusion of tradition and pop culture in niue coins, captivating collectors worldwide. read more u.s. mint producing gold coins and silver coins, among other precious metals products, has been the responsibility of the u.s. mint as long as it has been read more argor-heraeus recognized worldwide, argor-heraeus products include gold bars and rounds. well-known for their metal content and range of weights and sizes, some of argor-heraeus’ most popular read more monnaie de paris monnaie de paris is one of apmex's many minting partners around the world. learn more about monnaie de paris and its exciting history. read more geiger edelmetalle geiger edelmetalle is one of apmex's many minting partners around the world. learn more about geiger edelmetalle and its exciting history. read more 9fine mint apmex carries 9fine mint copper, silver and gold. these are competitively priced products made using clean technology. read more pamp suisse pamp, an acronym for produits artistiques métaux précieux, opened its doors in 1977. its services run the gamut from mining to assaying to precious metal read more credit suisse credit suisse is one of the most established and respected of all mints and financial institutions in the world. their combined financial experience and expertise read more valcambi mint valcambi, in balerna, switzerland, is one of the world’s best-known precious metal mints. they manage their refining operations in one of the world’s largest facilities, read more the royal mint with roughly 1,100 years of history, the royal mint traces its legacy with precious metals through the trials and tribulations that britain has endured. read more sunshine minting sunshine minting has manufacturing facilities in two locations in the united states (in coeur d’alene, idaho, and las vegas, nevada) and a facility in shanghai. read more south african mint the republic of south africa separated from the british commonwealth in 1962. the south african mint continued to manufacture coins reminiscent of british coins until read more scottsdale mint scottsdale mint is a u.s.-based company that manufactures some of the most exceptional bullion products available to consumers today. they mint and deliver precious metal read more royal canadian mint the canadian mint’s original refinery in ottawa was opened under the watchful eye of governor-general earl grey on january 2, 1911. under his direction, the read more royal australian mint before the royal australian mint opened in 1965, all australian coinage was struck by the british royal mint in sydney, melbourne and perth. this new read more the perth mint the perth mint is australia’s oldest operating mint. sir john forrest laid the foundation in 1896 to service the needs of western australia, which was read more new zealand mint one of the first mints to adopt the .9999 fine standard for gold purity, the new zealand mint holds itself to the highest principles of read more mexican mint banco de mexico is one of apmex's many minting partners around the world. learn more about the banco de mexico and its exciting history. read more central mint of china the central mint of china manufactures some of the world’s most attractive gold and silver coins. their high precious metal content and annual changes in read more austrian mint after more than 800 years of producing coins, the austrian mint began to operate as a private company in 1988. it is the only manufacturer read more « previous page1 page2 next » cook island coins do cook island coins come from the cook island mint? explore the cook islands – including their history, mint collaborations, and more. read more niue coins do niue coins come from the niue mint? discover the fusion of tradition and pop culture in niue coins, captivating collectors worldwide. read more u.s. mint producing gold coins and silver coins, among other precious metals products, has been the responsibility of the u.s. mint as long as it has been read more argor-heraeus recognized worldwide, argor-heraeus products include gold bars and rounds. well-known for their metal content and range of weights and sizes, some of argor-heraeus’ most popular read more monnaie de paris monnaie de paris is one of apmex’s many minting partners around the world. learn more about monnaie de paris and its exciting history. read more geiger edelmetalle geiger edelmetalle is one of apmex’s many minting partners around the world. learn more about geiger edelmetalle and its exciting history. read more 9fine mint apmex carries 9fine mint copper, silver and gold. these are competitively priced products made using clean technology. read more pamp suisse pamp, an acronym for produits artistiques métaux précieux, opened its doors in 1977. its services run the gamut from mining to assaying to precious metal read more credit suisse credit suisse is one of the most established and respected of all mints and financial institutions in the world. their combined financial experience and expertise read more valcambi mint valcambi, in balerna, switzerland, is one of the world’s best-known precious metal mints. they manage their refining operations in one of the world’s largest facilities, read more the royal mint with roughly 1,100 years of history, the royal mint traces its legacy with precious metals through the trials and tribulations that britain has endured. read more sunshine minting sunshine minting has manufacturing facilities in two locations in the united states (in coeur d’alene, idaho, and las vegas, nevada) and a facility in shanghai. read more south african mint the republic of south africa separated from the british commonwealth in 1962. the south african mint continued to manufacture coins reminiscent of british coins until read more scottsdale mint scottsdale mint is a u.s.-based company that manufactures some of the most exceptional bullion products available to consumers today. they mint and deliver precious metal read more royal canadian mint the canadian mint’s original refinery in ottawa was opened under the watchful eye of governor-general earl grey on january 2, 1911. under his direction, the read more royal australian mint before the royal australian mint opened in 1965, all australian coinage was struck by the british royal mint in sydney, melbourne and perth. this new read more the perth mint the perth mint is australia’s oldest operating mint. sir john forrest laid the foundation in 1896 to service the needs of western australia, which was read more new zealand mint one of the first mints to adopt the .9999 fine standard for gold purity, the new zealand mint holds itself to the highest principles of read more mexican mint banco de mexico is one of apmex’s many minting partners around the world. learn more about the banco de mexico and its exciting history. read more central mint of china the central mint of china manufactures some of the world’s most attractive gold and silver coins. their high precious metal content and annual changes in read more austrian mint after more than 800 years of producing coins, the austrian mint began to operate as a private company in 1988. it is the only manufacturer read more « previous page1 page2 next » more guides for you view more guides what is bullion? gold, silver, platinum, and palladium all come in various forms and sizes to create a variety of options for investors and collectors. learn more what is an eagle since the u.s. mint’s american eagle program began in 1986, gold and silver eagles have remained a popular choice among both investors and collectors learn more explore more on apmex gold browse silver browse platinum browse rare coins browse more resources for you shop today's best deals live charts free portfolio tool getting in touch with us order tracking information learn precious metals bullion history coin collecting science international mints bullion history coin collecting science international mints investing guide gold silver platinum gold silver platinum buying guide buying international coin shop directory state tax guide buying international coin shop directory state tax guide resources coin value guide youtube selling guide apmex answers coin value guide youtube selling guide apmex answers shop gold and silver twitter instagram facebook tiktok youtube linkedin pinterest apple android © 2024 apmex llc. all rights reserved. guides apmex answers coin value guide learning guides history of gold & silver science bullion coin collecting international mints investing guide gold silver platinum buying guide buying guide local coin shop directory state tax guide buying international selling guide apmex answers coin value guide learning guides history of gold & silver science bullion coin collecting international mints investing guide gold silver platinum buying guide buying guide local coin shop directory state tax guide buying international selling guide shop on apmex gold silver platinum rare coins