来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171216072449/http://www.antonline.com/support/faq
================================================================================

antonline.com - faq computers computer systems notebooks desktops tablets servers displays printers components hdd & storage devices network, routers & equipment keyboards, mice & input components memory microprocessors motherboards video cards storage drives computer casings hardware connectivity gaming games gaming accessories gaming consoles software general software video games operating systems software suites electronics audio electronics video electronics cameras & optics wearable gadgets automotive & marine audio / video gaming devices a/v receivers & amplifiers audio & video media navigational devices digital frames handhelds security & surveillance video surveillance systems security & tracking devices video door phones authentication systems biometrics security & access control devices alarms & locks cable locks padlocks alarms & sirens ups power equipment power adapters batteries ups surge suppressors & protectors pdus power supplies battery power adapters power strips power injectors & splitters power modules chargers office supplies office equipment calculators shredders thermometers paper cutters laminators carts & trolleys facsimiles blowers id cards phones phones analog & digital phones ip phones mobile phones voip gateways radar detectors & scanners video communications intelligent fax boards line sharing devices pbx circuit cards answering machines home & living home appliances kitchen appliances air cleaning, cooling & heating household cleaning laundry care home decoration kitchen & dining home hardware jewelry health & beauty care cushions & pillows hardware & tools tools tool kits drills fasteners fish chains & retrievers outdoors outdoor knives stoves & burners hunting & fishing air beds camping products products computers computer systems notebooks desktops tablets servers displays printers components hdd & storage devices network, routers & equipment keyboards, mice & input components memory microprocessors motherboards video cards storage drives computer casings hardware connectivity gaming games gaming accessories gaming consoles software general software video games operating systems software suites electronics audio electronics video electronics cameras & optics wearable gadgets automotive & marine audio / video gaming devices a/v receivers & amplifiers audio & video media navigational devices digital frames handhelds security & surveillance video surveillance systems security & tracking devices video door phones authentication systems biometrics security & access control devices alarms & locks cable locks padlocks alarms & sirens ups power equipment power adapters batteries ups surge suppressors & protectors pdus power supplies battery power adapters power strips power injectors & splitters power modules chargers office supplies office equipment calculators shredders thermometers paper cutters laminators carts & trolleys facsimiles blowers id cards phones phones analog & digital phones ip phones mobile phones voip gateways radar detectors & scanners video communications intelligent fax boards line sharing devices pbx circuit cards answering machines home & living home appliances kitchen appliances air cleaning, cooling & heating household cleaning laundry care home decoration kitchen & dining home hardware jewelry health & beauty care cushions & pillows hardware & tools tools tool kits drills fasteners fish chains & retrievers outdoors outdoor knives stoves & burners hunting & fishing air beds camping support about us returns support ticket order status faq corporate accounts careers cart 0 your cart is empty! antonline.comantonline.com support faq about us returns support ticket order status faq corporate accounts careers faq ordersjump to shipping faq has my order shipped? antonline.com will do everything possible to keep you informed of your order via e-mail. your tracking number will be emailed to you once the item is shipped. if you would like to submit a request to check on the status of your order, click here fedex: 1-800-go-fedex www.fedex.com ups: 1-800-pick-ups www.ups.com ups mail innovations: 1-800-500-2224 www.ups-mi.com usps: 1-800-ask-usps www.usps.com how do i get my order number? antonline.com order numbers are shown on your onscreen confirmation page and in your order confirmation email. for other merchant sites this number is shown on other merchant's onscreen confirmation page and in their order confirmation email. when will my online order be processed and shipped? automated order processing continues in our various warehouses - 24 hours a day, 7 days per week. orders typically are shipped within two to three business days following the day on which the order is placed, though it is impossible to guarantee the exact date of shipment. once the order is shipped, it is delivered based upon the shipment method chosen by the consumer and the policies, terms, and conditions of the commercial shipping service (e.g., ups, fedex, etc.) used. do multi-item orders ship separately? in many cases, multi-item orders ship separately. this is because we have 7 different shipping warehouses - each with different items. if you purchase multiple items, shipping prices are based on single location shipping, but in many cases, items will be shipped separately from different warehouses. this is explained in our shipping notification. do you include an invoice in the shipping box? no, as with most resellers, we include a packing slip. please reference your order confirmation and on-line invoice or email to have a copy sent. please include order number in email requests. i think i made an item or address order mistake - can i change my order information? credit card merchant rules prohibit us from changing orders, shipping methods or addresses post order to prevent fraud. we are required by legal contract to deliver each order - exactly as placed - to the exact address given at order placement. can i cancel my order once it is placed? normally, order cancellation is not possible post checkout. once checkout is complete, all orders are pulled, packed and moved from individual order warehouses to a central processing facility. because of our volume, bulk pallets of orders are picked up by ups and fedex every hour, but tracking may not be available for up to 72 hours when the item is scanned at the carrier central processing facility. once this process is in motion, it is impossible to stop. additionally, payment/order fulfillment contracts (visa, mc, amex, discover, paypal, google) forbids merchants from making any post order changes to orders. in other words, this means that legally we must fill every order exactly as sent. we do not get paid if we make any post order address, shipping or product changes. if you change your mind about your on-line order after checkout, you may request a return materials authorization (rma) number. please use the following link rma form or go to http://www.antonline.com and click on the support icon to request an rma. how do i request a return authorization (rma)? please read all of the questions on our rma form and submit your answers for approval. do you expect any holiday shipping delays? in november and december shipping volumes go up 10 times normal package volume for all resellers and create some delays for all the carriers. we have measured holiday shipping performance for fedex, ups, usps and dhl. statistically they all fair about the same with regard to delays in holiday shipping. in our tests: ups mail innovations has a 96% delivery rate in 5 business days or less in non holiday months. 3.5% take longer - up to 21 days. 0.5% are lost, damaged or mis-routed and require a shipping investigation and claim at 21 days. ups ground has a 95% delivery rate in 5 business days or less in non holiday months. 4.5% take longer - up to 21 days. 0.5% are lost, damaged or mis-routed and require a shipping investigation and claim at 21 days. fedex ground has a 95% delivery rate in 5 business days or less in non holiday months. 4.5% take longer - up to 21 days. 0.5% are lost, damaged or mis-routed and require a shipping investigation and claim at 21 days. does antonline accept phone, fax, email or mail orders? the only way to place an order at antonline.com is via our web site. (sorry--no phone orders except for servers. however, if you are a corporate customer with established trade credit, you may apply for a net terms account and purchase via purchase order, after filling out the application form online.) i did not receive an order confirmation. was my order submitted successfully? if you did not receive a confirmation on the order however successfully clicked the "complete order" button, most likely our server received your order but communication back to your pc was interrupted. please do not replace the order on-line. if you do, you may end up with duplicate orders and both being charged since we use an automatic system. email our support group at support@antonline.com to make sure your order was received to be safe. after i submit an order with antonline.com, how will i be advised of the order's progress? antonline.com will do everything possible to keep you informed of your order via e-mail. your tracking number will be emailed to you once the item is shipped. i am experiencing some trouble with my shopping cart. what might be wrong? shopping cart problems usually occur from one or more of the following reasons: cookies are not enabled the master clock on the computer is not set correctly the terminal you are using is behind a firewall. the item you are trying to purchase is sold out, or there is a lesser quantity than you wish to purchase. you are using a browser less than internet explorer 5.1. some people have trouble when using any netscape browser. if all else fails, try closing all programs, restart your computer or email us at support@antonline.com. why does one item always remain in my shopping cart? shopping cart problems usually occur from one or more of the following reasons: cookies are not enabled the master clock on the computer is not set correctly the terminal you are using is behind a firewall. the item you are trying to purchase is sold out, or there is a lesser quantity than you wish to purchase. you are using a browser less than internet explorer 5.1. some people have trouble when using any netscape browser. if all else fails, try closing all programs, restart your computer or email us at support@antonline.com. can i add, change or remove items from my order after it has been submitted? no, unfortunately this is not possible. is the antonline.com website secure? what type of security features are utilized to safeguard my information? when you are placing an order on the internet, security is a number one priority. all on-line transactions are sent through our secure server, and encrypted with 128-bit technology. once the information is received through the internet, trusted authorized employees will process your payment, and make sure that your information is handled with the highest level of security. does antonline.com sell or release my personal information? antonline.com respects your privacy. we will not under any circumstances sell or release your information to anyone. all of the information obtained from our web site will be used for processing purposes only. the only e-mails you will receive from antonline.com will be in regard to your order, rma status and other information you may have requested, such as product auto-notify. does antonline.com offer a paper catalog? no. the one and only catalog for antonline.com is our website www.antonline.com there is no other catalog. may i pay with a purchase order? if you are a corporate customer with established trade credit, you may apply for a net terms account and purchase via purchase order, after filling out the application form online. shippingjump to order faq has my order shipped? antonline.com will do everything possible to keep you informed of your order via e-mail. your tracking number will be emailed to you once the item is shipped. if you would like to submit a request to check on the status of your order, click here how do i track my order? to track your order, you must first obtain your tracking number. the tracking numbers for each day's shipped orders are automatically emailed once their container is processed and scanned at the carrier central processing facility up to 72 hours after shipment. the tracking number can be used on the shippers website or when contacting the shipper directly. the contact information for the shippers are as follows: fedex: 1-800-go-fedex www.fedex.com ups: 1-800-pick-ups www.ups.com ups mail innovations: 1-800-500-2224 www.ups-mi.com usps: 1-800-ask-usps www.usps.com for more answers to questions about shipping, see faq http://www.antonline.com/support/faq. how do i get my order number? antonline.com order numbers are shown on your onscreen confirmation page and in your order confirmation email. for other merchant sites this number is shown on other merchant's onscreen confirmation page and in their order confirmation email. can i cancel my order once it is placed? normally, order cancellation is not possible post checkout. once checkout is complete, all orders are pulled, packed and moved from individual order warehouses to a central processing facility. because of our volume, bulk pallets of orders are picked up by ups and fedex every hour, but tracking may not be available for up to 72 hours when the item is scanned at the carrier central processing facility. once this process is in motion, it is impossible to stop. additionally, payment/order fulfillment contracts (visa, mc, amex, discover, paypal, google) forbids merchants from making any post order changes to orders. in other words, this means that legally we must fill every order exactly as sent. we do not get paid if we make any post order address, shipping or product changes. if you change your mind about your on-line order after checkout, you may request a return materials authorization (rma) number. please use the following link rma form. or go to http://www.antonline.com and click on the support menu to request an rma. my package has been shipped but they have not delivered it yet. why? please contact the shipper to obtain further status on your packages. the priority of delivery within the method of shipment chosen is determined by your shipper. antonline.com would always like for your packages to be delivered asap. if the shipper is holding them, please contact them. what should i do if an item is delivered damaged? if the item appears to have obvious damage by the shipper, immediately tell the driver you do not want to receive this package. if the damaged package was left or someone else signed for it, there is a grace period of around 3 days to file the damage claim. if a package looks suspiciously damaged, you can tell the driver to wait and open it to make sure the contents are not damaged and then if they are refuse the package claiming the damage. obtain a control number from the shipper and email us at support@antonline.com. if the item appears to be damaged straight from the manufacturer, immediately email antonline.com support at support@antonline.com. always make sure to get the shipper's damage package control number for your claim. what should i do if an item is missing from my order? check the amount of tracking numbers you should have received. verify you have received all boxes and checked all packing material for small items. if you are still missing an item(s), email antonline.com customer service at support@antonline.com. why was my order sent in multiple packages when it could have all fit into one box? antonline.com packages the items according to safety for your items, weight, and size. the most common reason multiple boxes are used is due to multiple warehouse locations. obviously if the items are stocked in different warehouses then they cannot be boxed together. why did the shipper separate the packages of my order? that would be a function of the shipper. please contact the shipper to obtain further status on your packages. are shipping costs added cumulatively for each item i order or do they reduce when multiple items are purchased? when you order multiple items, most of the time the shipping is reduced in your shopping cart, according to weight and size, safety and insurance required. just place all items in the shopping cart, pick your state and method of shipping and you will be given shipping options. you will see the reduction if it applies. on certain items, due to significant shipping discounts offered by antonline on the item, the shipping will add cumulatively, unless multiple items are purchased. shipping charge is always per the website. does antonline.com need to verify my shipping address if i pay using a paypal account? if the shipping address in your antonline.com order form does not match your confirmed shipping address listed in your paypal account, your order will be cancelled due to the discrepancy in order to deter fraudulent activity. any funds removed from the account will subsequently be restored. if your order is void because the shipping addresses do not match, simply re-submit the order on our website using the verified shipping address listed in your paypal account. | payments | | | | | | nextag trusted | about us commercial accounts privacy policy support ticket terms of sale returns opt in or out of promotions careers © copyright 1996 - 2017 antonline.com atlanta network technologies, inc is not responsible for typographical or photographical errors. prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. add to cart to see price the "add to cart to see price" message indicates an additional discount is in effect, and this discount is calculated in the shopping cart. you can see this price by adding this item to your shopping cart. please be assured that simply adding an item to your cart does not obligate you to buy it--you can always delete the item from your cart if you decide not to purchase it.