来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231227190307/https://www.antonline.com/support/faq
================================================================================

faq - antonline.com deal of the day gaming gaming consoles xbox xbox series x xbox series s playstation playstation 5 video games xbox playstation nintendo switch xbox game pass nintendo switch online in game currency vr headsets playstation vr2 gaming monitors lenovo hp asus acer gaming notebooks lenovo hp asus acer gaming desktops lenovo hp msi gaming accessories controllers xbox controllers playstation controllers headsets gaming mice gaming keyboards gaming chairs arcade gaming machines arcade1up computers & tablets notebooks notebooks gaming notebooks mobile workstations 2-in-1s chromebooks tablets tablets microsoft surface lenovo samsung galaxy smart home assistants desktops desktops gaming desktops all-in-one workstations chromebox servers computer accessories keyboards mice keyboard & mouse kits docking stations cases & covers stylus network & communication ethernet cards network switches modem/routers wireless routers network security/firewalls components memory ram memory cards cpus / processors amd intel motherboards asus gigabyte msi amd chipset intel chipset gpus / graphics cards nvidia amd hard drives, ssd & storage hard drives solid state drives flash drives optical drives storage systems storage media hardware connectivity cables adapters connectors extenders power supplies evga asus msi video capture devices pc coolers & fans electronics displays monitors projectors tvs digital signage audio electronics headphones headsets speakers microphones printers / scanners laser & inkjet printers multifunction printers label / receipt printers scanners printer cartridges 3d printers phones mobile phones ip phones cameras & optics surveillance cameras webcams digital cameras document camera software productivity software microsoft 365 gaming software microsoft xbox sony playstation nintendo activision blizzard entertainment xbox game pass nintendo switch online in game currency security software mcafee menu menu gaming computers & tablets components electronics software gaming consoles xbox xbox series x xbox series s playstation playstation 5 video games xbox playstation nintendo switch xbox game pass nintendo switch online in game currency vr headsets playstation vr2 gaming monitors lenovo hp asus acer gaming notebooks lenovo hp asus acer gaming desktops lenovo hp msi gaming accessories controllers xbox controllers playstation controllers headsets gaming mice gaming keyboards gaming chairs arcade gaming machines arcade1up notebooks notebooks gaming notebooks mobile workstations 2-in-1s chromebooks tablets tablets microsoft surface lenovo samsung galaxy smart home assistants desktops desktops gaming desktops all-in-one workstations chromebox servers computer accessories keyboards mice keyboard & mouse kits docking stations cases & covers stylus network & communication ethernet cards network switches modem/routers wireless routers network security/firewalls memory ram memory cards cpus / processors amd intel motherboards asus gigabyte msi amd chipset intel chipset gpus / graphics cards nvidia amd hard drives, ssd & storage hard drives solid state drives flash drives optical drives storage systems storage media hardware connectivity cables adapters connectors extenders power supplies evga asus msi video capture devices pc coolers & fans displays monitors projectors tvs digital signage audio electronics headphones headsets speakers microphones printers / scanners laser & inkjet printers multifunction printers label / receipt printers scanners printer cartridges 3d printers phones mobile phones ip phones cameras & optics surveillance cameras webcams digital cameras document camera productivity software microsoft 365 gaming software microsoft xbox sony playstation nintendo activision blizzard entertainment xbox game pass nintendo switch online in game currency security software mcafee search antonline products cutomer service / support about us support ticket start a return return policy terms of sale order status faq corporate accounts accessibility careers account sign in email password forgot password sign in not registered? create an account cart0 your cart is empty! search antonline products home page https://www.antonline.com support faq about us support ticket start a return return policy terms of sale order status faq corporate accounts accessibility careers ordersjump to shipping faq has my order shipped? antonline will do everything possible to keep you informed of your order via e-mail. your tracking number will be emailed to you once the item is shipped. if you would like to submit a request to check on the status of your order, click here fedex: 1-800-go-fedex www.fedex.com usps: 1-800-ask-usps www.usps.com ups: 1-800-pick-ups www.ups.com how do i get my order number? antonline order numbers are shown on your onscreen confirmation page and in your order confirmation email. for other merchant sites this number is shown on other merchant's onscreen confirmation page and in their order confirmation email. when will my online order be processed and shipped? automated order processing continues in our various warehouses - 24 hours a day, 7 days per week. orders typically are shipped within two to three business days following the day on which the order is placed, though it is impossible to guarantee the exact date of shipment. once the order is shipped, it is delivered based upon the shipment method chosen by the consumer and the policies, terms, and conditions of the commercial shipping service (e.g., ups, fedex, etc.) used. do multi-item orders ship separately? in many cases, multi-item orders ship separately. this is because we have 7 different shipping warehouses - each with different items. if you purchase multiple items, shipping prices are based on single location shipping, but in many cases, items will be shipped separately from different warehouses. this is explained in our shipping notification. do you include an invoice in the shipping box? no, as with most resellers, we include a packing slip. please reference your order confirmation and on-line invoice or email to have a copy sent. please include order number in email requests. i think i made an item or address order mistake - can i change my order information? credit card merchant rules prohibit us from changing orders, shipping methods or addresses post order to prevent fraud. we are required by legal contract to deliver each order - exactly as placed - to the exact address given at order placement. can i cancel my order once it is placed? normally, order cancellation is not possible post checkout. once checkout is complete, all orders are pulled, packed and moved from individual order warehouses to a central processing facility. because of our volume, bulk pallets of orders are picked up by ups and fedex every hour, but tracking may not be available for up to 72 hours when the item is scanned at the carrier central processing facility. once this process is in motion, it is impossible to stop. additionally, payment/order fulfillment contracts (visa, mc, amex, discover, paypal, google) forbids merchants from making any post order changes to orders. in other words, this means that legally we must fill every order exactly as sent. we do not get paid if we make any post order address, shipping or product changes. if you change your mind about your on-line order after checkout, you may request a return materials authorization (rma) number. click here to start a return how do i request a return authorization (rma)? please read all of the questions on our rma form and submit your answers for approval. do you expect any holiday shipping delays? in november and december shipping volumes go up 10 times normal package volume for all resellers and create some delays for all the carriers. we have measured holiday shipping performance for fedex, ups, usps and dhl. statistically they all fair about the same with regard to delays in holiday shipping. in our tests: fedex ground has a 95% delivery rate in 5 business days or less in non holiday months. 4.5% take longer - up to 21 days. 0.5% are lost, damaged or mis-routed and require a shipping investigation and claim at 21 days. usps has a 96% delivery rate in 5 business days or less in non holiday months. 3.5% take longer - up to 21 days. 0.5% are lost, damaged or mis-routed and require a shipping investigation and claim at 21 days. ups ground has a 95% delivery rate in 5 business days or less in non holiday months. 4.5% take longer - up to 21 days. 0.5% are lost, damaged or mis-routed and require a shipping investigation and claim at 21 days. does antonline accept phone, fax, email or mail orders? the only way to place an order at antonline is via our website. i did not receive an order confirmation. was my order submitted successfully? if you did not receive a confirmation on the order however successfully clicked the "complete order" button, most likely our server received your order but communication back to your pc was interrupted. please do not replace the order on-line. if you do, you may end up with duplicate orders and both being charged since we use an automatic system. email our support group at support@antonline.com to make sure your order was received to be safe. after i submit an order with antonline, how will i be advised of the order's progress? antonline will do everything possible to keep you informed of your order via e-mail. your tracking number will be emailed to you once the item is shipped. i am experiencing some trouble with my shopping cart. what might be wrong? shopping cart problems usually occur from one or more of the following reasons: cookies are not enabled the clock on your computer is not set correctly the connection you are using is behind a firewall the item you are trying to purchase is sold out, or there is a lesser quantity than you wish to purchase you are using a browser older than internet explorer 9 if all else fails, try clearing your browser's cache and history, restart your computer, or email us at support@antonline.com can i add, change or remove items from my order after it has been submitted? no, unfortunately this is not possible. is the antonline website secure? what type of security features are utilized to safeguard my information? when you are placing an order on the internet, security is a number one priority. all on-line transactions are sent through our secure server, and encrypted with 128-bit technology. once the information is received through the internet, trusted authorized employees will process your payment, and make sure that your information is handled with the highest level of security. does antonline sell or release my personal information? antonline respects your privacy. we will not under any circumstances sell or release your information to anyone. all of the information obtained from our web site will be used for processing purposes only. the only e-mails you will receive from antonline will be in regard to your order, rma status and other information you may have requested, such as product auto-notify. does antonline offer a paper catalog? no. the one and only catalog for antonline is our website www.antonline.com there is no other catalog. may i pay with a purchase order? if you are a corporate customer with established trade credit, you may apply for a net terms account and purchase via purchase order, after filling out the application form online. shippingjump to orders faq has my order shipped? antonline will do everything possible to keep you informed of your order via e-mail. your tracking number will be emailed to you once the item is shipped. if you would like to submit a request to check on the status of your order, click here how do i track my order? to track your order, you must first obtain your tracking number. the tracking numbers for each day's shipped orders are automatically emailed once their container is processed and scanned at the carrier central processing facility up to 72 hours after shipment. the tracking number can be used on the shippers website or when contacting the shipper directly. the contact information for the shippers are as follows: fedex: 1-800-go-fedex www.fedex.com usps: 1-800-ask-usps www.usps.com ups: 1-800-pick-ups www.ups.com for more answers to questions about shipping, see faq http://www.antonline.com/support/faq. how do i get my order number? antonline order numbers are shown on your onscreen confirmation page and in your order confirmation email. for other merchant sites this number is shown on other merchant's onscreen confirmation page and in their order confirmation email. can i cancel my order once it is placed? normally, order cancellation is not possible post checkout. once checkout is complete, all orders are pulled, packed and moved from individual order warehouses to a central processing facility. because of our volume, bulk pallets of orders are picked up by ups and fedex every hour, but tracking may not be available for up to 72 hours when the item is scanned at the carrier central processing facility. once this process is in motion, it is impossible to stop. additionally, payment/order fulfillment contracts (visa, mc, amex, discover, paypal, google) forbids merchants from making any post order changes to orders. in other words, this means that legally we must fill every order exactly as sent. we do not get paid if we make any post order address, shipping or product changes. if you change your mind about your on-line order after checkout, you may request a return materials authorization (rma) number. click here to start a return my package has been shipped but they have not delivered it yet. why? please contact the shipper to obtain further status on your packages. the priority of delivery within the method of shipment chosen is determined by your shipper. we would always like for your packages to be delivered asap. if the shipper is holding them, please contact them. what should i do if an item is delivered damaged? if the item appears to have obvious damage by the shipper, immediately tell the driver you do not want to receive this package. if the damaged package was left or someone else signed for it, there is a grace period of around 3 days to file the damage claim. if a package looks suspiciously damaged, you can tell the driver to wait and open it to make sure the contents are not damaged and then if they are refuse the package claiming the damage. obtain a control number from the shipper and email us at support@antonline.com. if the item appears to be damaged straight from the manufacturer, immediately email antonline support at support@antonline.com. always make sure to get the shipper's damage package control number for your claim. what should i do if an item is missing from my order? check the amount of tracking numbers you should have received. verify you have received all boxes and checked all packing material for small items. if you are still missing an item(s), email antonline customer service at support@antonline.com. why was my order sent in multiple packages when it could have all fit into one box? antonline packages the items according to safety for your items, weight, and size. the most common reason multiple boxes are used is due to multiple warehouse locations. obviously if the items are stocked in different warehouses then they cannot be boxed together. why did the shipper separate the packages of my order? that would be a function of the shipper. please contact the shipper to obtain further status on your packages. are shipping costs added cumulatively for each item i order or do they reduce when multiple items are purchased? when you order multiple items, most of the time the shipping is reduced in your shopping cart, according to weight and size, safety and insurance required. just place all items in the shopping cart, pick your state and method of shipping and you will be given shipping options. you will see the reduction if it applies. on certain items, due to significant shipping discounts offered by antonline on the item, the shipping will add cumulatively, unless multiple items are purchased. shipping charge is always per the website. does antonline need to verify my shipping address if i pay using a paypal account? if the shipping address in your antonline order form does not match your confirmed shipping address listed in your paypal account, your order will be cancelled due to the discrepancy in order to deter fraudulent activity. any funds removed from the account will subsequently be restored. if your order is void because the shipping addresses do not match, simply re-submit the order on our website using the verified shipping address listed in your paypal account. accessibility our commitment to accessibility antonline is committed to making our website's content accessible and user friendly to everyone. if you are having difficulty viewing or navigating the content on this website, or notice any content, feature, or functionality that you believe is not fully accessible to people with disabilities, please call our customer service team at 1.877.293.9797 or email our team at support@antonline.com with “disabled access” in the subject line and provide a description of the specific feature you feel is not fully accessible or a suggestion for improvement. we take your feedback seriously and will consider it as we evaluate ways to accommodate all of our customers and our overall accessibility policies. additionally, while we do not control such vendors, we strongly encourage vendors of third-party digital content to provide content that is accessible and user friendly. get to know us career opportunities blog about antonline our privacy policy let us help you open a support ticket start a return view our terms of sale opt in or out of promotions accessibility atlanta network technologies, inc. about antonline antonline is america’s premier online retailer of cutting edge computer technology and consumer electronics. we work with all the best brands and have exclusive offers from microsoft, sony, hp, dell, lenovo, msi and all of our industry’s leading manufacturers. shop antonline first for pcs, gaming, laptops, tablets, consoles and accessories. outrageously good value every day! atlanta network technologies, inc. 2015 s. park place atlanta, ga 30339 phone : 678.325.5100 fax : 678.325.5101 sales email : sales@antonline.com technical support email : support@antonline.com 12 © copyright 1996 - 2024 antonline atlanta network technologies, inc is not responsible for typographical or photographical errors. prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. if you are using a screen reader and having problems using our website, please call 678.325.5100 between the hours of 9:00 am and 5:30 pm eastern standard time for assistance. add to cart to see price the "add to cart to see price" message indicates an additional discount is in effect, and this discount is calculated in the shopping cart. you can see this price by adding this item to your shopping cart. please be assured that simply adding an item to your cart does not obligate you to buy it--you can always delete the item from your cart if you decide not to purchase it.