来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101016080013/http://www.asos.com/infopages/pgehelpdesk.aspx
================================================================================

help desk | returns, delivery, faq and more help information | asos free delivery & free returns on all uk orders - more info rest of world - low flat rates & express delivery - more info has my order been shipped out yet? as soon as your order is dispatched from our warehouse, you will be sent an email to confirm that it's on its way. our warehouse team works around the clock so you could receive the email in the day or the night. from there it should be delivered within the timescale we advertise. if your order is trackable you can check it's progress by logging into your account here. i have received a faulty item we want all our customers to receive top quality goods so if you think there is a fault with an item you have received, please let us know straight away by contacting our customer care team. we will aim to resolve any issue with a faulty item as quickly as possible but we need you to tell us as soon as you discover the fault so we can resolve the issue for you. please include as many details as possible about the order and the problem with the goods and we will get an alternative sorted out for you. i have received an incorrect item in my order if you have received an incorrect item in your order, let us know straight away by contacting our customer care team. they will try and sort it out for you within the hour. an item is missing from my order sometimes we don't send everything you've ordered at the same time, so first of all, check your delivery note or dispatch emails to see if any of your items will be arriving separately. if the delivery note says an item should be in your parcel but it isn't, please get in touch with customer care. let us know the order number and the product code or product name of the item you wanted, and we'll look into it. uk super saver delivery deliveries will be made within 6 working days after you place your order [excluding weekends] e.g. if you order on wednesday your goods will be delivered by the following thursday. super saver delivery is free and your order will be sent out via royal mail in most instances. order tracking is not available for royal mail deliveries, so please wait the full 6 working days for your delivery to arrive. if you are not around to take delivery of your parcel, you will be left a calling card telling you how you can pick up your asos goods. unfortunately we cannot deliver on a bank holiday. in this instance please expect your delivery on the next working day. uk standard delivery deliveries will be made within 3 working days after you place your order [excluding weekends] e.g. if you order on wednesday your goods will be delivered by the following monday. the cost of uk standard delivery is £3.95 and your order will be sent out via the most suitable carrier, depending on size and weight. order tracking is not available for royal mail deliveries, so please wait the full 3 working days for your delivery to arrive. we will advise you if your order is being dispatched via royal mail. your order can be delivered anytime between 7am and 9pm and a signature may be required on receipt. if you are not around to take delivery of your parcel, the carrier will leave a calling card telling you how you can pick it up. unfortunately we cannot deliver on a bank holiday. in this instance please expect your delivery on the next working day. uk next day delivery the following are details of our uk next day delivery service: if you order by 7pm, monday to friday, you will receive your goods the next day. if you order anytime on saturday or up to 2pm on sunday, you will receive your goods on the monday. if you order after 2pm on sunday, you will receive your goods on tuesday. any orders placed on a bank holiday will be delivered 2 working days later. we do not deliver on a bank holiday so please be aware of any impending ones when you order! a tracking link will be sent to you once your order reaches the carrier we are using for your delivery, for you to be able to follow it all the way to your front door. the cost of next day delivery is £5.95. our carrier will deliver your parcel between 7am and 9pm. a signature may be required on receipt. if you are not around to accept your parcel, the carrier may leave it with a neighbour, or in a safe place (i.e. hidden from sight and protected from the rain) if they think it is safe to do so. a calling card will be posted through your door to let you know this has been done. if the parcel can't be left in a safe place or with a neighbour, the carrier will take it back to the local depot, and leave you a card telling you how you can pick it up. next day delivery is not available to the following postcodes: ab, bt, gy, hs1-9, im, iv1-56, je, ka27-28, kw1-17, pa20-78, ph19-50, tr21-25, ze1-3. uk nominated day delivery the following are details of our uk nominated day delivery service: you can order anytime for your choice of day, up to 7 days in advance (excluding sunday). we do not deliver on a bank holiday so please be aware of any impending ones when you order! a tracking link will be sent to you once your order reaches the carrier we are using for your delivery, for you to be able to follow it all the way to your front door. the cost of uk nominated day is £5.95. our carrier will deliver your parcel between 7am and 9pm. a signature may be required on receipt. if you are not around to accept your parcel, the carrier may leave it with a neighbour, or in a safe place (i.e. hidden from sight and protected from the rain) if they think it is safe to do so. a calling card will be posted through your door to let you know this has been done. if the parcel can't be left in a safe place or with a neighbour, the carrier will take it back to the local depot, and leave you a card telling you how you can pick it up. nominated days are subject to availability and location. uk same day delivery the following are details of our uk same day delivery service: if you order by 2pm weekdays or by 12pm on a weekend you will receive your goods the same day - delivered between 6pm - 9pm (mon-fri) or 4pm - 7pm (sat/sun). we deliver on selected bank holidays only - so please be aware of any impending ones when you order! a tracking link will be sent to you once your order reaches the carrier we are using for your delivery, for you to be able to follow it all the way to your front door. the cost of uk same day delivery is £7.95. our carrier will deliver your parcel before 9pm. a signature may be required on receipt. if you are not around to accept your parcel, the carrier may leave it with a neighbour, or in a safe place (i.e. hidden from sight and protected from the rain) if they think it is safe to do so. a calling card will be posted through your door to let you know this has been done. we will only attempt to deliver your parcel once. if you are not around to take delivery, the goods will be sent back to the warehouse and you will receive a refund minus the delivery fee. if you are unable to select this option then unfortunately, we are unable to deliver to your address using the same day service. please try our next day service instead. same day delivery is only available to selected postcodes international delivery information international shipping is charged on a flat rate basis, regardless of the weight of your parcel. standard and express delivery services are available for most of the countries that we ship to. standard delivery is a non trackable service. the express service provides tracking infomration on your parcels progress. shipping will be automatically calculated at the checkout page when both the delivery destination and service option is selected. the summary of delivery timescales and cost are as follows: area standard delivery times in working days (monday - friday) standard costs americas from 7 days from $6.00 europe from 5 days from €6.00 rest of the world from 6 days £10.50 area express delivery times in working days (monday - friday) express costs americas from 3 days from $12.00 europe from 2 days from €12.00 rest of the world from 3 days £20.00 when you place an order, we suggest you have it delivered to a work address rather than a home address, as our couriers only deliver between 9am and 5pm, and may require a signature on receipt. your order will be dispatched via the most suitable carrier, depending on size and weight. any customs or import duties are charged once the parcel reaches its destination country. these charges must be paid by the recipient of the parcel. we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. customs policies vary widely from country to country; you may want to contact your local customs office for further information. once your parcel has arrived in your country, it will be passed on to an internal postal service, according to standard delivery procedures. if you aren't available when your parcel is delivered, the delivery driver will leave a calling card with instructions on how to pick it up. international delivery destinations see popup for details. how does your delivery service work? we know how important it is to receive your goods when you expect them, especially if you have ordered something for a specific occasion and we use a large network of couriers to deliver goods from asos.com to all over the world. we allocate the courier we believe will deliver your order to you in the quickest time depending on the size and weight of your order. if you are ordering for delivery outside of the uk, we suggest you have goods delivered to a work address rather than a home address, as our couriers only deliver between 9am and 5pm, and may require a signature on receipt. you can review our delivery options in more detail so you choose the one that best suits what you need. will i be charged customs and import charges? any customs or import duties are charged once the parcel reaches its destination country. these charges must be paid by the recipient of the parcel. unfortunately, we have no control over these charges, and cannot tell you what the cost would be, as customs policies and import duties vary widely from country to country. it might be a good idea to contact your local customs office for current charges before you order, so you are not surprised by charges you were not expecting. do you deliver to work addresses? we can deliver to your permanent residential address or your place of employment but we do not deliver to a po box address for security purposes. if you want your delivery to reach you at work, you need to be confident that someone will be there to take receipt of the goods as the courier will deliver to the place not the person! do you deliver to bfpo? currently we do not offer a delivery service to bfpo addresses. what do i do if i have forgotten the email address of the person i want to send a gift voucher to? don’t worry – simply put your own address into the ‘email address’ field and fill out the 'to' section with the name of the person you want to receive the voucher. we will then send the gift voucher to your inbox so you can either forward the email or print the voucher out and give it as a paper copy. all the details needed to use the voucher are on there, so your recipient won’t have a problem using it. non eu vat vat is not included in our prices for customers outside of the eu. i have been charged by us customs we are now covering all import duties on us orders. this should be managed automatically but if you are charged, please keep a proof of payment and contact our customer care team who will arrange a refund of these charges. please note this is a promotional offer only and is subject to change. our returns policy returning goods to asos.com in addition to the distance selling regulations, you can return any item within 28 days of receipt for a refund of that item or to exchange it for a different size or colour. for returns made outside the distance selling regulations, we will refund the monetary value of the goods returned to us, at the price you purchased them. please note that in the interests of hygiene, items marked with a "+" next to the product name cannot be returned, unless they have remained in their original wrapping or are faulty. in all cases, the items returned must be in their original condition, which includes any packaging. for example, shoes are to be returned along with the original shoe box. all goods will be inspected on return. the goods are your responsibility until they reach our warehouse. please ensure you package your return to prevent any damage to the items or boxes. returns are free for uk customers. click here to download a returns label or use the label on your delivery and returns note, enclosed with your goods. for overseas customers click here to download a returns label or use the label on your delivery and returns note, enclosed with your goods. we recommend you use a postal service that insures you for the value of the goods you are returning. please send your returned goods to: asos.com maylands avenue hemel hempstead hp2 7de we also accept cancelled orders under the distance selling regulations – please click here for more information how do i return an existing item? as an online business, we aim to provide a returns service that is totally hassle-free for you. from receipt, you have 28 days to decide if you want to return any item within your order. just fill out the returns form enclosed with your order. if you are a uk customer, there are 3 ways you can return your goods. you can either return your goods using our collection service, our new collect plus service or for both uk and international customers you make your own arrangements through any postal carrier. please note it is very important that when you return an item, we know the order number it relates to, your details and whether you want a refund or an exchange. without these details we won’t be able to take the action you want us to. it can take up to 10 days for us to receive your return, depending on which postal service you use. however once we receive them, we will inspect and process the goods within 24 hours to ensure you receive what you want as quickly as possible. so you are kept informed, we will send you an email confirming the action we have taken, as soon as we are confident the goods are in their original condition and the return has been allocated to your asos.com account. any refund will automatically be issued to the card used to make the original purchase and in the event, we are unable to provide a suitable replacement we will automatically refund you and let you know via email. in all cases, the items returned must be in their original condition. all goods will be inspected on return and any item in unsuitable condition will be sent back to you. for more information on our returns policy, just click here. how do i book a collection service in the uk? booking a collection to return your asos.com goods is easy and it costs just £2.95! we will collect your goods anytime from 7am – 7pm, between monday and friday. all you need to do is choose a day and the address you want us to pick up from. we can even pick up from work if you want us to. just make sure the collection address is listed in your asos.com account so you can choose it when you come to order the collection. you can pay for our collection service as you would normally pay for your orders with us. the only difference is that gift vouchers and discounts can’t be used for this service. if you order from us and change your mind, no problem – just give us at least 1 days notice [excluding weekends and bank holidays] and we will refund what you paid for the service. we will need an address that our courier can access, and someone will need to be available to hand over the goods otherwise, we won’t be able to pick anything up and you will still be charged the service. your return will be processed within 5 working days of your asos.com goods being collected. for example, if our courier picks up your goods on wednesday, you can expect your return to be processed by the following wednesday. to book a collection click here to cancel a collection click here to see our returns policy click here i have lost my returns note don't worry if you’ve lost your returns note, click on the below link to access the relevant form and follow the instructions to at the top of the note. don’t forget to include this with your parcel when you return your goods! download free uk returns note download france returns note download germany returns note download denmark returns note download ireland returns note download rest of world returns note for usa returns note please contact customer care team here. my return was processed but i wasn’t refunded my delivery charge we will usually refund you what you paid for the goods but not the delivery charge expect in cases where the order was cancelled under the uk distance selling regulations or the entire order was faulty. for more information on our returns policy, just click here i have been refunded the incorrect amount we are very sorry if we have made a mistake on your refund. please get in touch with our customer care team who will try and sort it out for you as soon as possible. the following may affect the amount you have been refunded: the delivery charge, which would only be refunded under cancelled orders made under distance selling regulations or if the goods are faulty. any discounts that were applied at the time of sale, which may not now be applicable have you received my returned goods? as soon as your return has been processed by our warehouse, we'll email you to let you know. in the unlikely event that you don't receive this email within 10 days of posting your parcel to us, please get in touch with our customer care team and we'll get back to you within the hour. if you have returned your parcel using recorded delivery or another service that can be tracked, please give us the reference number when you contact us. if you have returned your items via the collect plus service, you can track your items here http://www.collectplus.co.uk/ using the tracking number provided to you when you returned your item. i returned an item and it was incorrectly refunded or replaced we are really sorry if we made a mistake when processing your request! if you were expecting a replacement and got a refund instead, this maybe because we were unable to exchange the item for what you wanted. in this instance we would automatically issue you with a refund so you have the choice to purchase whatever goods you want instead. if you were expecting a refund and we sent you replacement goods, please get in touch with our customer care team so we can sort it out for you. can i return unwanted items that were bought using a gift voucher? of course! your right to return an item remains exactly the same regardless of whether you bought it with a gift voucher, a payment card, or a combination of the two. for your convenience, we’ll refund anything you paid for with your debit/credit card first, and then send you a new 16-digit code for any outstanding gift voucher credit you are owed. can i cancel or return a gift voucher? if you are the purchaser, you can cancel your unused gift voucher within 30 minutes of placing the order. after that time, provided the gift voucher has not been redeemed or associated with an account, please contact our customer care team for assistance. usa returns for your usa returns note please click here to request one from our customer care team. usa pickup if you would like us to arrange a pickup, please click here and provide us with the following information. the address of where you would like the parcel collected from the time you would like the parcel collected (between 08:00 - 17:00) if you will not be available please confirm where the package will be left how do i return my order using collect plus? you can now return your asos order for free, via your local supermarkets, corner shops and newsagents, providing they offer the collect plus service. there are over 3500 stores nationwide offering this service. please click the link to find your nearest store: http://www.collectplus.co.uk/storefinder.php to make things even more convenient for you, collect plus stores are open for over 9 hours a day, monday to saturday, with over 98% of the stores open 7 days a week. all you need to do is complete the returns form provided with your order and enclose it with your parcel. peel off the label on your collect plus insert and stick it onto your parcel. simply take your parcel to any of 3500 local stores offering collect+ services, where you’ll receive proof of postage and a code to track your return online. you can track your order using the code here: http://www.collectplus.co.uk/ your return will be processed within 7 working days of your asos.com goods being collected. for example, if you dropped the orders into a collect plus store on wednesday, you can expect your return to be processed by the following friday. if you have lost your collect plus insert, please click here to print off a new one: http://www.collectplus.co.uk/asos how do i search for a product? there are a number of ways you can search for a product until you find exactly what you're looking for. the most relaxing way to shop with us is to browse through the categories at the top of the web-page and then refine what you are looking for by clicking on each section, spilt into either product types (i.e. jeans) or branded types. alternatively, if you know exactly what you want, just type in the product or brand into our search facility [top right of the website] and we will find you everything related to your specific search. once you have found what you want, click 'add to shopping bag', and when you're done shopping, follow the on screen instructions to fill in your payment and delivery details. easy. don’t forget to check out our clearance section as it can be a fashion-gold mine! do you have a catalogue i can buy from? with over 500 new items every week, and thousands of items on the site at any one time, plus constantly changing fashion news, trend features and advice, it would simply be impossible for a paper catalogue to keep up. instead we prefer to focus our energy on providing our customers with a website where you can buy what you want when you want, 24 hours, 7 days a week and we believe that the images and catwalk give you a much more realistic view of the items you want. if you are concerned about whether buying online is secure, please rest assured that as an online retailer we want you to have total peace of mind when shopping with us and that’s why we invest time and money in making sure we use systems and software that protect your purchase. i saw a product on a celebrity... can i buy it from you? just type the celebrity's name into our search engine, and we'll show you what we've got. we keep our eye on what the best dressed celebs are wearing, so chances are we'll have something similar. it's also worth checking out asos today for some inspiration on celebrity fashion as it happens and you can sign up to receive our weekly newsletters and award winning magazine. i have bought something but seen it at a different price on your website as an online business we act much faster in adjusting our prices in response to fashion trends, stock and demand from customers. it’s our general view not to refund the difference. do i need to create an account to shop with you? simple answer - yes. setting up an account will allow you to order without having to fill in your details every time you shop with us, and will give you benefits such as order tracking, regular newsletters, and (our favourite bit) exclusive discounts and special offers. just click on the type of item you want from the list on the left side of the screen, then refine your search according to colour, size, price or brand, until you find exactly what you're looking for (we're sure you will). you can sign up right now, or you can start shopping straight away and set your account up when you check out, whichever suits you best. just follow the easy steps on screen and remember to have your payment and address details to hand. do you have a size guide? we never want to send you something that doesn't fit properly. check out our womens, mens and kids size guide for measurements, fitting tips, washing tips - everything to make sure it fits perfectly and stays looking great. can you give me more information on a product? we try to publish as much useful info as we can about all our products, to help you buy the things that will suit you best. the product page for every item includes sizing, a detailed description, care instructions, and most importantly, plenty of images. if there is anything further information you feel we need to put on there to help you, just let us know what information you’d like to see and we’ll do our best to include it how do i sign up for the asos newsletter? the easiest way to sign up for our newsletter is to set up an account. you don't have to buy anything yet, but when you do want to start shopping, this'll also give you a head start. . alternatively, you can click here to go back to the homepage of our website and sign up to the newsletter straight away without setting up an account. how do i pay for my order? we like to give you plenty of payment options, so you can use any of the cards listed below. we also take security very seriously indeed, so your details will be safe with us. all credit and debit card holders are subject to validation and authorisation by both us and the card issuer, to maintain security and prevent fraud. what currencies can i use? you can pay using any of the currencies below, and just to make shopping really easy. if you choose your preferred currency from the list in the top right corner of the page, all of our prices will be displayed in that currency. uk pound sterling (gbp) us dollar (usd) euro (eur) danish kroner (dkk) swedish kroner (sek) norwegian kroner (nok) when will i be charged? if your card is authorised, payment will be taken immediately, and you will receive an email confirming that your order has been successful. if your card is not authorised, payment will not be taken, and we'll email to let you know why your bank or card issuer wouldn't authorise the payment. don't despair at this stage, because there may still be something simple that can be done to get the payment authorised. please remember that even if a payment is not authorised, some card issuers may still reserve the money, meaning you can't use it for a short period. how do i change details on my asos.com account? once you have signed up, you'll be able to log into my account anytime you want. this is where you go if you want to change your password, email address, delivery info and card details. if you haven't visited us in a while, it's worth checking my account to make sure all your details are up to date. i have a discount code, how do i use it? make sure you type your code to the appropriate box when you check out, and hit update to apply it to your order. if it is not applied at this point, we can't apply it to the same order later on (though you might be able to use it on a subsequent order). please note only one discount offer can be used per order. discount codes cannot be redeemed when buying gift vouchers or when signing up to premier. please always check further terms and conditions supplied with the code. buying a gift voucher buying a gift voucher is very simple. all you need to do is decide who you want to send a voucher to, how much you want to spend and when you want your recipient to receive it. you can choose a date up to 3 months in advance of your purchase date for your recipient to receive their voucher. we will take the payment and we will email them on that date using the email address you have given us. once your recipient has been sent their voucher. your recipient will have 12 months to spend their voucher on our site, using part or the entire value of the voucher as payment. gift vouchers are currently only available in sterling. we will let our overseas customers know as and when gift vouchers become available in their own currency. your order will be shown in £gbp at checkout and in confirmation emails, but any card payments you make will appear on your next bank statement in your own currency. click here to buy a gift voucher! using a gift voucher when you use your voucher we recommend you register it with us immediately. just enter the 16-digit code into the specified section in your asos.com account and press ‘add’. this will lock the voucher to your account and immediately add the credit to your account, ready for you to start spending! once the voucher is locked and any credit associated with it cannot be transferred to another account. when you come to buy goods using your gift voucher, if you have locked your voucher, your credit will automatically appear at the checkout stage of buying. all you need to do is press ‘redeem voucher’. otherwise, you will need to enter the 16 digit code before you complete your purchase. if your order total is more than the value of your gift voucher, the remaining balance must be paid in the usual way (debit/credit card). any unused credit left on your gift voucher will be associated with your account to be used at a later date (although still before the gift voucher’s expiry date). you have 12 months to use the entire value of the gift voucher. any residual credit will automatically expire after this time. click here to spend your gift voucher! can i send a paper gift voucher? sorry, as an online retailer, we don’t currently offer paper or physical gift vouchers. however, if you put your own email address into the ‘email address’ field on the order form (remembering to put the recipient’s name in the ‘to’ field), the gift voucher will be sent to your email address and you can then print out the voucher to give it as a paper copy. don’t worry; the printout will have all the details needed for your recipient to use the voucher. click here to buy a gift voucher! my gift voucher is lost or damaged in this instance, please contact our customer care team as soon as possible with as many details of the purchase as possible - they will then try to re-issue the voucher to you. what can i do if my recipient hasn't recieved their gift voucher? first, ask the recipient to check that their gift voucher is not caught in their junk mail, spam or firewalls. if it is not, please contact our customer care team who will be able to help you. i have just placed an order. can i amend or cancel it? unfortunately it isn't possible for you to amend items within your order once it has been placed and paid for. you can cancel an order if it within 30 minutes of placing it to avoid it being dispatched to you. just sign in to my account, and check your order details. if the button next to it says 'cancel/view', you're still in time to cancel it before billing. hit that button and your order status will change to 'cancelled'. to cancel your standard delivery order please click here to cancel your next day delivery order, please click here to cancel your international order, please click here under uk distance selling laws, you have the right to cancel your contract with us, within 7 working days of receiving your order. you will need to advise us of this so we can issue you with a full refund and we would ask you to return the cancelled items to us. if we do not receive the cancelled items back, we may arrange to have them collected at your cost. if you want to cancel your contract with us, please contact our customer care team who will be happy to help you. how do i cancel my order under the distance selling regulations? under the uk distance selling regulations, you have 7 working days (from the day after you receive your goods) to cancel the contract for your order with us. in this case we will issue you with a full refund however you will need to return the entire order at your cost if you have already received them. in all cases, the goods must be in their original condition and will be inspected on their return. if we do not receive the cancelled order back, we may arrange to have them collected at your cost. if you decide to cancel your order with asos.com, you must let us know in writing [email is fine], quoting the order number. to cancel your order, please click here. do you have an ethical sourcing policy? we have a responsibility to our customers, colleagues and supply partners to ensure that the items sold on asos.com are produced under acceptable conditions and in an ethical way. this means that they must have been produced: -      lawfully, through fair & honest dealing; -      without exploiting the people who made them; -      in decent working conditions and; -      without damaging the environment we were pleased to have been accepted as members of the ethical trade initiative in march 2009. for more information please see www.asos.com/code-of-conduct and www.ethicaltrade.org and if you would like to know more about our work in this area, please contact us at csr@asos.com consumer direct what is consumer direct? consumer direct is the government-funded telephone and online service offering information and advice on consumer issues. consumer direct is funded by the office of fair trading and delivered in partnership with local authority trading standards services. click here for more information i am having general problems accessing or buying from your website if you are having any other problems, we recommend you make sure you have the latest updates and patches for your operating system. windows users can find out more here. if you are still having problems, get in touch with our customer care team, who will be able to help you. to help us solve the issue for you, please include as many of the following details as possible: your operating system (e.g. windows visa, mac os x) internet browser (internet explorer 7, firefox, safari) what url you were trying to access (e.g. http://www.asos.com/contact.asp) what time the problem occurred please cut and paste into the email any error message that appeared on the screen i can’t view the catwalk videos our catwalk videos give a far better idea of how an item hangs and how it moves when you move, so it's a great idea to watch before you buy. if you are having trouble viewing our videos, please make sure you have abode flash player 9 or higher installed on your computer. if you don't have it, just click here and follow the on screen instructions to install it. i can't view the kids video clips when you are in a category of kids clothing [for example ‘new in’, ‘tops’ or a brand specific page], images marked with will animate after a short while of hovering over the image. this is to try and give an idea of how the item looks on, and to give you an insight to the fun we have when filming kids products! if you are having trouble viewing the videos, please make sure you have abode flash player 9 or higher installed on your computer. if you don't have it, just click here and follow the on screen instructions to install it. if you still have problems after installing version 9, please contact customer care i am having trouble with my shopping basket any item you add to your shopping bag will be reserved for you for two hours while you carry on shopping. after this time, items will be removed from your basket and other customers will be able to buy them. if items are disappearing from your shopping bag within two hours, this may be because you are using your internet browser's 'back' button, rather than selecting one of the 'continue shopping in...' links on the shopping bag page. if you are still having problems, try deleting the cookies on your pc. all you need to do is go to the 'tools' tab on your internet browser, select 'internet options', then choose 'delete cookies' and hit ok. i can’t sign into my account when you want to shop with us or access your account, we ask you to sign in. if you find that your email address or password is not recognised, please make sure you are using the same email address and password that you used when you registered with us. if you can't remember your password, just type your email address in to the 'forgotten your password' box on the sign-in page, and we'll remind you what your password is. you can change your password, main email address or any of your other details at any time just by signing in to my account. please note that if you type in the wrong email address and/or password 3 times, you won't be able to log in again for half an hour. i am not receiving your newsletters if you are not receiving our emails or our regular newsletter, you could be missing out on fashion as it happens! one of the most common reasons for this that your email software is marking emails from us as junk mail, and are sending them to your spam folder. to stop this from happening, please add 'info@newsletter.asos.com' to your email address book, then emails from us should come through just fine. if you checked this and are still not getting the newsletter, make sure you typed in the right email address when you signed up with us. just sign into my account (if you can remember what address you did type in), or get in touch with customer care, and we'll do our best to sort it out for you. is it safe to order online? safer than it's ever been. we use one of the most secure online ordering systems on the market, and are constantly researching and improving our software to make sure we offer the highest possible security at all times also, we are a senate member of imrg, the leading industry body for global online retailing, which promotes the highest possible industry standards and best practices, to ensure honest and truthful online transactions. we utilise industry-standard secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive information such as your name, address and other critically sensitive information like your credit card details. information passed between your computer and our website cannot be read in the event someone else intercepts it. this technology includes the following features: authentication - this assures your browser that your data is being sent to the correct computer server, and that the server is secure encryption - this encodes the data, so that it cannot be read by anyone other than the secure server data integrity - this checks the data being transferred to ensure it has not been altered our guarantee... in the unlikely event that your card is used fraudulently, your bank or card issuer cannot hold you liable for more than £50.00 of fraudulent charges. if for any reason your bank or card issuer does hold you liable asos.com will cover you for the liability up to the full £50.00, provided the unauthorised use of your card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at asos.com whilst using the secure server. in the unlikely incidence of unauthorised use of your card you must report the incident immediately to your credit card provider in order to qualify for security protection. what is 'mastercard securecode'? mastercard securecode is a service that password-protects your maestro card details, to give added security when you shop online. they allow you to create a password that is known only to yourself, to use every time you use your maestro card online. to register for mastercard securecode all you need to do is follow the instructions next time you place an order with us. alternatively, you can sign up by contacting the bank that issued your maestro card directly. you’ll be asked to come up with a password (also known as a securecode) for your maestro card. you only need to do this once then whenever you use the card online you will be asked to enter the password when you check out. if you have already registered, you will be prompted to enter your securecode when you order. we don’t currently require users of non-maestro cards to sign up for securecode to be able to place an order with us. to find out more information about these services visit the mastercard securecode website my payment has been declined don’t worry – this can happen for a number of reasons. try checking the details in your asos.com account to ensure that the card details such as the start date and card type are correct and your billing address is the same one the card is registered to. if the problem persists, enter the details of another card and try that. if you feel you aren’t getting anywhere then contact our customer care team who will try to advise you further. i have seen a product but it no longer seems to be in stock we know how frustrating it can be when you have your heart set on an item and you go to buy it but it’s out of stock. however, some of our most popular products will run out very quickly so you do need to be quick and get it before someone else does. as we try to keep our products fresh, we add hundreds of new items every week so you might just find something similar to the one you were looking for. try browsing through our departments at the top of the web-page and then refine the type of item you are looking for by clicking on each of the sub-sections. alternatively, you can type in the product or brand into our search facility [top right of the website] and we will find you everything related to your specific search. the customer care team as an online retailer, we want our customers to have a fantastic experience when buying goods and we try to give the information upfront that will help most customers answer any questions that might arise. we believe that if a customer has a problem the most important thing is to resolve it quickly and if possible, at the first time of trying. we have found that the most effective way of achieving this is by providing a commitment to reply to your email within 1 hour, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. we are confident that you will get a better quality, more personal service with us than you would over the phone. if you have any feedback on the service you have received from us or any ideas of how we can improve, please click here. asos life asos life is a place for anyone who loves fashion to talk about style, shopping, and of course ... asos! the community is made up of forums, groups, blogs and profiles so you can make this space all about you – your opinions, your ideas, your taste, your life. if you have any other questions about asos life, please click here press and media relations for all press and media relations enquires please contact the pr team using press@asos.com. you can also use this email address to enquire about our extensive press sample loans service for journalists and stylists. for print ready seasonal pr images please visit www.prshots.com/asos. partnership / commercial enquiries for all commercial and partnership enquires please email katew@asos.com general marketing for any advertising or promotional opportunities please email marketing@asos.com i am a supplier please contact us if you are interested in selling your products on asos.com and specify what product groups you represent, e.g. mens, womens, kids, beauty or outlet. investor relations for all corporate/shareholder enquiries please refer to our investor relations page corporate social responsibility for information and enquiries about our corporate social responsibility work and / or ethical sourcing policies, please contact csr@asos.com how do i search for a product? there are a number of ways you can search for a product until you find exactly what you’re looking for. the most relaxing way to shop with us is to browse through the categories at the top of the web-page and then refine what you are looking for by clicking on each section, spilt into either product types (i.e. jeans) or branded types. alternatively, if you know exactly what you want, just type in the product or brand into our search facility [top right of the website] and we will find you everything related to your specific search. once you have found what you want, click ‘add to shopping bag’, and when you’re done shopping, follow the on screen instructions to fill in your payment and delivery details. easy. don’t forget to check out our clearance section as it can be a fashion-gold mine! how do i sign up for the asos newsletter? the easiest way to sign up for our newsletter is to set up an account. you don’t have to buy anything yet, but when you do want to start shopping, this’ll also give you a head start. alternatively, you can click here to go back to the homepage of our website and sign up to the newsletter straight away without setting up an account. i have seen a product but it no longer seems to be in stock we know how frustrating it can be when you have your heart set on an item and you go to buy it but it’s out of stock. however, some of our most popular products will run out very quickly so you do need to be quick and get it before someone else does. as we try to keep our products fresh, we add hundreds of new items every week so you might just find something similar to the one you were looking for. try browsing through our departments at the top of the web-page and then refine the type of item you are looking for by clicking on each of the sub-sections. alternatively, you can type in the product or brand into our search facility [top right of the website] and we will find you everything related to your specific search. has my order been shipped out yet? as soon as your order is dispatched from our warehouse, you will be sent an email to confirm that it's on its way. our warehouse team works around the clock so you could receive the email in the day or the night. from there it should be delivered within the timescale we advertise. you can track most orders by logging into your asos.com account. information on our standard delivery service deliveries will be made within 3 working days after you place your order [excluding sundays] e.g. if you order on wednesday your goods will be delivered by the following monday. the cost of uk standard delivery is £3.95 and your order will be sent out via the most suitable carrier, depending on size and weight. order tracking is not available for royal mail deliveries, so please wait the full 3 working days for your delivery to arrive. we will advise you if your order is being dispatched via royal mail. your order can be delivered anytime between 7am and 9pm and a signature may be required on receipt. if you are not around to take delivery of your parcel, the carrier will leave a calling card telling you how you can pick it up. unfortunately we cannot deliver on a bank holiday. in this instance please expect your delivery on the next working day. how do i return an existing item? as an online business, we aim to provide a returns service that is totally hassle-free for you. from receipt, you have 28 days to decide if you want to return any item within your order. just fill out the returns form enclosed with your order. if you are a uk customer, there are 3 ways you can return your goods. you can either return your goods using our collection service, our new collect plus service or for both uk and international customers you make your own arrangements through any postal carrier. please note it is very important that when you return an item, we know the order number it relates to, your details and whether you want a refund or an exchange. without these details we won’t be able to take the action you want us to. it can take up to 7 days for us to receive your return, depending on which postal service you use. however once we receive them, we will inspect and process the goods within 24 hours to ensure you receive what you want as quickly as possible. so you are kept informed, we will send you an email confirming the action we have taken, as soon as we are confident the goods are in their original condition and the return has been allocated to your asos.com account. any refund will automatically be issued to the card used to make the original purchase and in the event, we are unable to provide a suitable replacement we will automatically refund you and let you know via email. in all cases, the items returned must be in their original condition. all goods will be inspected on return and any item in unsuitable condition will be sent back to you. for more information on our returns policy, just click here. how do i book a collection service in the uk? booking a collection to return your asos.com goods is easy and it costs just £2.95! we will collect your goods anytime from 7am – 7pm, between monday and friday. all you need to do is choose a day and the address you want us to pick up from. we can even pick up from work if you want us to. just make sure the collection address is listed in your asos.com account so you can choose it when you come to order the collection. you can pay for our collection service as you would normally pay for your orders with us. the only difference is that gift vouchers and discounts can’t be used for this service. if you order from us and change your mind, no problem – just give us at least 1 days notice [excluding weekends and bank holidays] and we will refund what you paid for the service. we will need an address that our courier can access, and someone will need to be available to hand over the goods otherwise, we won’t be able to pick anything up and you will still be charged the service. we will let you know when the goods are back at our warehouse, which is usually 3 days and we will contact you again when we have processed your return. to book a collection click here to cancel a collection click here to see our policy on a collection service click here have you received my returned goods? as soon as your return has been processed by our warehouse, we'll email you to let you know. in the unlikely event that you don't receive this email within 10 days of posting your parcel to us, please get in touch with our customer care team and we'll get back to you within the hour. if you have returned your parcel using recorded delivery or another service that can be tracked, please give us the reference number when you contact us. if you have returned your items via the collect plus service, you can track your items here http://www.collectplus.co.uk/ using the tracking number provided to you when you returned your item. do you have a shop? who needs a shop? all those rails to trawl through, the rummaging... then there's the getting there, the queuing... you know what it's like... we are an online fashion store, which means you can shop with us 24 hours a day, from all over the world (here is the list of countries we ship to), and you don't even have to carry your own shopping home, because we'll deliver it to your front door. what can i do if something is wrong with my order? if you receive the wrong item or something is missing from your order then send us an email to ordernotright@asos.com and we will sort it out for you within the hour, with the right item or a replacement item being sent out that day. what is the asos community? asos life is a place for anyone who loves fashion to talk about style, shopping, and of course ... asos! the community is made up of forums, groups, blogs and profiles so you can make this space all about you – your opinions, your ideas, your taste, your life. do i need to have an account to use the community? yes. you can use your asos.com account. simply sign in and you’ll be prompted to add a display name. if you don’t have an asos account yet you can sign up for one here. i can't sign into my account when you want to use the asos community, we ask you to sign in. if you find that your email address or password is not recognised, please make sure you are using the same email address and password that you used when you registered with us. if you can't remember your password, just type your email address in to the 'forgotten your password' box on the sign-in page, and we'll remind you what your password is. you can change your password, main email address or any of your other asos shopping details at any time just by signing in to my account. to change any other details (such as your profile picture or about me text) please click here. if you are still having problems signing in, or have any other queries, please contact the community team. i want to chat to others but i can't work out how to do it! we’ve created a whole help section on the community to guide you through the community. have a look here to see if this solves your problem. community technical problems if you are having any other problems, we recommend you make sure you have the latest updates and patches for your operating system. windows users can find out more here. if you're still having problems using the asos community, please feel free to get in touch with the community team and we'll be happy to help. to help us look into your problem please try to include as many of the following details as possible: your operating system (e.g. windows xp, mac os 9.0) internet browser (internet explorer 6, netscape 7.02) what url you were trying to access (e.g. http://www.asos.com/community) what time the problem occurred please cut and paste into the email any error message that appeared on the screen how do i sign up to asos premier? subscribing to asos premier is simple. when you are shopping on our site, just add the asos premier product to your basket and carry on shopping in the normal way. premier will be activated immediately for you and if you have any other items your order, these will be delivered free click here to sign up to asos premier what do i get when i sign up to asos premier? for £14.95, asos premier gives you... free delivery on all your next day and nominated day orders. one free return collection for each order placed. the award-winning asos magazine. first glimpse of new arrivals and sale items. *reduced price for limited time only. can i get my goods delivered and collected from more than one address? asos premier works in exactly the same way as normal orders and collections. your order can be delivered to or collected from any address that is listed on your account, as long as it is based in the uk, including business addresses. all you need to do is ensure there is someone there to take delivery. we’ll handle the rest! click here to find out more about asos premier. how do i cancel asos premier? you can cancel asos premier anytime during your 12 month subscription. if you haven’t used the service during the period, you will be refunded the amount you paid. the refund will automatically be processed back onto the card used to make the original purchase. if you have already used the service then we will, unfortunately not be able to process a refund for you. any collections obtained prior to your cancellation will become void. you can also cancel the service under uk distance selling regulations. click here to see how. how does the asos premier collections service work? for every asos premier order placed, we will give you a free collection, should you wish to return your goods. all you need to do is place the collection service in your basket and continue shopping. your collection will show as free at the checkout, provided you have not placed more collections than orders while you have been subscribed. order a collection from my account. asos service update - live delivery has my order been shipped out yet? i have received a faulty item i have received an incorrect item in my order an item is missing from my order uk super saver delivery uk standard delivery uk next day delivery uk nominated day delivery uk same day delivery international delivery information international delivery destinations how does your delivery service work? will i be charged customs and import charges? do you deliver to work addresses? do you deliver to bfpo? what do i do if i have forgotten the email address of the person i want to send a gift voucher to? non eu vat i have been charged by us customs returns our returns policy how do i return an existing item? how do i book a collection service in the uk? i have lost my returns note? my return was processed but i wasn’t refunded my delivery charge i have been refunded the incorrect amount have you received my returned goods? i returned an item and it was incorrectly refunded or replaced can i return unwanted items that were bought using a gift voucher? can i cancel or return a gift voucher? us returns note how do i return my order using collect plus? shopping how do i search for a product? do you have a catalogue i can buy from? i saw a product on a celebrity... can i buy it from you? i have ordered something but have previously seen on your website at a different price. do i need to create an account to shop with you? do you have a size guide? can you give me more information on your products? how do i sign up for the asos newsletter? how do i pay for my order? what currencies can i use? when will i be charged? how do i change details on my asos.com account? i have a discount code. how do i use it in paying for goods? buying a gift voucher using a gift voucher can i send a paper gift voucher? what do i do if my gift voucher is lost or damaged? what can i do if my recipient hasn't recieved their gift voucher? i have just placed an order. can i amend or cancel it? how do i cancel my order under the distance selling regulations? do you have an ethical sourcing policy? consumer direct technical i am having general problems accessing or buying from your website i can’t view the catwalk videos i can't view the kids video clips i am having trouble with my shopping basket i can’t sign into my account i am not receiving your newsletters is it safe to order online? what is 'mastercard securecode'? my payment has been declined i have seen a product but it no longer seems to be in stock contact the customer care team asos life press and media relations partnership / commercial enquiries general marketing i am a supplier investor relations corporate social responsibility frequently asked questions how do i search for a product? how do i sign up for the asos newsletter? i have seen a product but it no longer seems to be in stock has my order been shipped out yet? information on our standard delivery service how do i return an existing item? how do i book a collection service in the uk? have you received my returned goods? do you have a shop? what can i do if something is wrong with my order? asos life what is the asos community? do i need to have an account to use the community? i can't sign into my account i want to chat to others but i can't work out how to do it! community technical problems asos premier how do i sign up to asos premier? what do i get when i sign up to asos premier? can i get my goods delivered and collected from more than one address? how do i cancel asos premier? how does the asos premier collections service work? delivery returns shopping technical contact frequently asked questions our commitment to you asos life asos premier sign up to asos style news women men gift vouchers why shop with us flexible delivery free uk delivery free uk returns returns collections asos premier express delivery worldwide pay with paypal what's in store women men kids outlet designer beauty product a-z how can we help track order help desk contact (1 hr response) returns my account help forum live service updates further information about us investors careers store directory delivery costs security accessibility join us asos life facebook twitter asos reviews asos follows fashion crooked tongues ©2010 asos.com ltd privacy terms & conditions the celebrities named or featured on asos.com have not endorsed recommended or approved any of the items offered on site home women shop by product new in: clothing(women) new in: shoes | accs(women) sale(women) (women) dresses(women) tops(women) t-shirts & vests(women) knitwear(women) jackets & coats(women) (women) jeans(women) trousers & leggings(women) shorts & skirts(women) jumpsuits & playsuits(women) socks & hosiery(women) shoes(women) bags & purses(women) accessories(women) sunglasses(women) jewellery(women) watches(women) (women) lingerie & nightwear(women) swimwear(women) sports & loungewear(women) (women) petite(women) curve - sizes 20-26(women) maternity(women) outlet(women) brands a to z of brands(women) (women) new brands(women) green room (ethical)(women) (women) asos collection(women) allsaints(women) aqua (women) french connection(women) karen millen(women) lipsy(women) mango(women) tfnc(women) whistles(women) designer collaborations(women) get inspired asos magazine(women) sun-safe styles(women) (women) trend: earthbound(women) trend: screen siren(women) trend: wild cat(women) (women) buyers choice(women) maxi dresses(women) (women) holiday shop(women) work wardrobe(women) (women) reclaimed (vintage)(women) men shop by product new in: clothing(men) new in: shoes | accs(men) sale(men) (men) t-shirts & vests(men) jersey basics(men) shirts(men) polo shirts(men) jumpers & cardigans(men) jackets & waistcoats(men) sweatshirts(men) (men) jeans(men) shorts & swim(men) trousers(men) suits & tailoring(men) (men) (men) shoes(men) bags(men) accessories(men) sunglasses(men) jewellery(men) watches(men) (men) underwear & socks(men) loungewear(men) (men) outlet(men) brands a to z of brands(men) (men) asos collection(men) allsaints(men) barbour(men) diesel(men) franklin & marshall(men) fred perry(men) g-star(men) jack & jones(men) levi's(men) nudie jeans co(men) paul smith jeans(men) religion(men) superdry(men) need inspiration trend: heartbreakers(men) trend: tribeca(men) (men) holiday shop(men) (men) sportswear(men) streetwear(men) (men) reclaimed vintage(men) designer women's designer new in(designer) sale(designer) (designer) dresses(designer) tops(designer) knitwear(designer) jackets & coats(designer) jeans(designer) trousers & shorts(designer) skirts(designer) (designer) shoes(designer) bags(designer) accessories(designer) sunglasses(designer) a to z of designers(designer) designer collaborations(designer) valery demure(designer) (designer) jewellery(designer) watches(designer) lingerie & nightwear(designer) swimwear(designer) (designer) (designer) men's designer new in(designer) sale(designer) (designer) shirts(designer) t-shirts & polos(designer) jumpers & cardigans(designer) jackets & waistcoats(designer) jeans(designer) trousers(designer) shorts & swim(designer) (designer) shoes(designer) bags & wallets(designer) accessories(designer) sunglasses(designer) a to z of designers(designer) (designer) jewellery(designer) watches(designer) underwear & socks(designer) loungewear(designer) (designer) (designer) (designer) beauty shop by product new in: beauty(beauty) sale(beauty) (beauty) cosmetics(beauty) lash bar(beauty) nail polish(beauty) beauty accessories(beauty) (beauty) bath & body(beauty) skincare(beauty) tanning(beauty) (beauty) hair care(beauty) styling tools (beauty) fragrance(beauty) brands a to z of brands(beauty) (beauty) new brands(beauty) premium brands(beauty) (beauty) benefit(beauty) cowshed(beauty) ghd(beauty) illamasqua(beauty) o.p.i(beauty) paul & joe(beauty) rodial(beauty) soap & glory(beauty) tigi(beauty) urban decay(beauty) get inspired asos magazine(beauty) (beauty) beauty deals(beauty) beauty discoveries(beauty) holiday essentials(beauty) (beauty) natural & organic(beauty) (beauty) in the press(beauty) outlet women's outlet new in: clothing(outlet) new in: shoes | accs(outlet) (outlet) dresses(outlet) tops(outlet) knitwear(outlet) jackets & coats(outlet) jeans(outlet) trousers & shorts(outlet) skirts(outlet) shoes(outlet) bags & accessories(outlet) jewellery & watches(outlet) lingerie & nightwear(outlet) sports & loungewear(outlet) women's brands a to z of brands(outlet) designer brands(outlet) (outlet) steal of the week(outlet) holiday shop(outlet) leathers(outlet) (outlet) diesel(outlet) forever unique(outlet) miss sixty(outlet) rare(outlet) steve madden(outlet) tfnc(outlet) (outlet) clearance(outlet) men's outlet new in(outlet) (outlet) jeans(outlet) t-shirts & vests(outlet) polo shirts(outlet) shirts(outlet) jumpers & cardigans(outlet) jackets & coats(outlet) trousers & shorts(outlet) tailoring(outlet) shoes(outlet) accessories(outlet) jewellery & watches(outlet) underwear & socks(outlet) sports & loungewear(outlet) men's brands a to z of brands(outlet) premium brands(outlet) (outlet) deal of the day(outlet) holiday shop(outlet) leathers(outlet) (outlet) diesel(outlet) firetrap(outlet) french connection(outlet) g-star(outlet) jack & jones(outlet) ringspun(outlet) (outlet) clearance(outlet) kids girls new in(kids) little asos collection(kids) (kids) sale(kids) (kids) shoes(kids) dresses & skirts(kids) tops & tees(kids) jumpers & cardigans(kids) jeans & trousers(kids) shorts(kids) jackets & coats(kids) bodysuits & nightwear(kids) swimwear(kids) accessories(kids) girls by age (kids) (kids) 0-12 months(kids) 1-2 years(kids) 3-4 years(kids) 5-6 years(kids) 7-8 years(kids) (kids) shoes(kids) (kids) a to z of brands(kids) boys new in(kids) little asos collection(kids) (kids) sale(kids) (kids) shoes(kids) tops & tees(kids) jumpers & cardigans(kids) jeans & trousers(kids) shorts(kids) jackets & coats(kids) bodysuits & nightwear(kids) swimwear(kids) accessories(kids) (kids) boys by age (kids) (kids) 0-12 months(kids) 1-2 years(kids) 3-4 years(kids) 5-6 years(kids) 7-8 years(kids) (kids) shoes(kids) (kids) a to z of brands(kids) life your bag 0 items £0.00 your bag is empty view saved items save bag £ total edit bag pay securely now change currency uk pounds - gbp us dollars - usd swedish kronor - sek norwegian kroner - nok danish kroner - dkk euro - eur help & contact create account / log in enter search here go