来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121219012122/http://www.asos.com/infopages/pgehelpdesk.aspx
================================================================================

help desk | returns, delivery, faq and more help information | asos change site united states france deutschland italia españa australia close close asos marketplace buy & sell new, pre-owned & vintagefashion on our marketplace site outfits & looks create outfits and share lookson our fashion finder site style news you can now easily jumpbetween all of our sitestry it out! asos discover fashion online $ usd united kingdom change currency: £ gbp $ usd c$ cad kr sek kr nok kr dkk ₣ chf € eur $ aud ¥ rmb $ hkd $ nzd $ sgd nt$ twd p. rub other country sites united states› france› deutschland› italia› españa› australia› welcome to asos. join | sign in search asos x go your recent searches clear home women shop by product asos brand - up to 25% off(women)new in: clothing(women)new in: shoes & accs(women)new in: designer(women) accessories(women)bags & purses(women)beauty(women)coats & jackets (women)curve (+size)(women)dresses(women)hoodies & sweatshirts(women)jeans(women)jewellery & watches(women)jumpers & cardigans(women)jumpsuits & playsuits(women)lingerie & nightwear(women)maternity(women)petite(women)shoes(women)shorts(women)skirts(women)socks & tights(women)suits & blazers(women)sunglasses(women)swimwear(women)tops(women)trousers & leggings(women)t-shirts & vests(women)outlet - up to 70% off(women) fashion edits aw'12 trend guide(women)daily edit(women)high tops(women)leather(women)maxi(women)oxblood(women)peplum(women)studded(women)tartan(women) magazine(women)green room(women) a to z of brands(women) christmas #bestnightever(women)azealia bank's look(women)charlotte free's look(women)ellie goulding’s look(women) hot pieces(women)party dresses(women)christmas jumpers(women)hair & beauty updates(women) christmas gifts(women)beauty gifts(women)gifts for your bff(women)gift vouchers(women)secret santa(women) men shop by product asos brand - up to 25% off(men)new in: clothing(men)new in: shoes & accs(men) accessories(men)bags(men)hoodies & sweatshirts(men)jackets & coats(men)jeans(men)jewellery(men)jumpers & cardigans(men)leather jackets(men)long sleeve t-shirts(men)polo shirts(men)shirts(men)shoes, boots & trainers(men)shorts(men)suits & blazers(men)sunglasses(men)swimwear(men)trousers & chinos(men)t-shirts & vests(men)underwear & socks(men)watches(men) outlet - up to 70% off(men) shop by edits £6 t-shirts(men)£12 print t-shirts(men)£16 plimsolls(men)£18 sweatshirts(men)£22 oxford shirts(men)£22 chino shorts(men)£25 jeans(men)£25 chinos(men) key pieces(men)weekly top 10(men) a to z of brands(men)new brands to know(men) christmas the asossin(men)asossinate a mate(men) office to evening(men)black tie(men) christmas gifts(men)accessories(men)christmas jumpers(men)gift vouchers(men)stocking fillers(men) saved items bag $0.00 (0) your bag is empty view saved items save bag total view bag pay now free delivery worldwide > up to 25% off asos collection women > up to 25% off asos brand men > christmas gifts women > gift vouchers > men > £9.95 - unlimited next day delivery for 1 yruk only (exc. northern ireland) how can i pay? you can use any of the cards listed below to pay for your order. your details are safe with us as we take security very seriously indeed. we also take fraud very seriously so all credit and debit card holders are subject to validation and authorisation by both us and the card issuer. asos also accepts payment via ideal accounts. i'm having technical issues if you're having problems accessing our website, we suggest that you have the latest version of your operating system provider e.g. windows, osx etc if you’re still having problems, contact our customer care team and include: as much detail as you can about the issue screen shots of any error message you get which web browser you are using (e.g. internet explorer, firefox, chrome, safari etc.) what you have done so far to try to resolve it you may also want to check the technical help here. how do i use my discount/promo code? your discount/promo code has to be entered in the box which states ‘promo code or nus extra student number’ within the ‘order summary’ section. once you have entered the code, click on ‘update’. you must enter the discount/promo code when you are checking out as it can’t be applied later. there are some rules around discount/promos: only one discount/promo code can be used per order discount/promo codes cannot be used for gift vouchers or when paying for premier registration as our discount/promo codes vary so do the terms and conditions of each, so make sure you check when you receive any discount/promo code can i amend my order? we are unable to amend any part of your order or change the delivery or payment method once your order is complete. you may be able to cancel your order – click here to see how. my order has not arrived yet? if your order has not arrived by the estimated delivery date, we're here to help. before getting in contact with us, have you tried: checking the tracking link via your confirmation email to view the up to date tracking. signing into my account to check we have the correct delivery address for your order and your contact details are up to date. checking if you have a text message, email or attempted delivery card from one of our carriers. your parcel may be awaiting collection at a local post office or delivery depot, or you may need to arrange redelivery. checking with your neighbours to see if they have accepted the parcel on your behalf. looking in any safe areas the driver may have left your parcel, such as behind bins or in a shed, garage or porch. if you still can't find your parcel, please email us using the contact us form and quote your order number. we'll reply within four hours and do our best to locate your parcel straightaway. if it cannot be found, we will arrange a replacement or refund for you. i have received a faulty item we want to sort out any issues with faulty items straightaway. as soon as you discover a fault, please contact our customer care team with the order number, the faulty item's name and number, and a description of the fault. we’ll get back to you within 4 hours and send you a replacement item as quickly as we can. i have received an incorrect item in my order we want to sort out any issues with incorrect items straightaway. please contact our customer care team with the order number and the incorrect item's name and number. we'll get back to you within 4 hours and try to resolve it for you as quickly as we can. an item is missing from my order we may have sent your items in separate parcels so please check your emails to see if any of your items will be arriving separately. if your order has been sent in different parcels then each delivery note will tell you the items you can expect to find inside. please check the delivery notes from each part of your order to make sure you're not missing anything. if an item is missing, please contact our customer care team with the order number and the missing item's name and number. we will resolve the issue for you as quickly as we can. how do i return something to you? uk customers we want to give you a hassle-free way to return anything. we’ve extended our returns policy for christmas 2012. orders placed from 1st november 2012 can be returned up until 23rd january 2013 (including sale items) subject to our returns policy. want to return something? no problem, all we ask is that you make sure we know the order number your return relates to, your details and whether you want a refund or to change it for another size, colour or item. we can’t do this without these details, so make sure the returns form is filled out and placed in your returns parcel. have you lost your returns note or label? just click here to print off a new one. if you are a uk customer, you have three choices when returning your items; you can use our collection service use our new collect+ service or, you can make your own arrangements through any postal carrier. it can usually take up to 10 days for your return to be delivered back to our warehouse, depending on which postal service you use. we’ll send you an email as soon as we’ve received your return in its original condition and either order your replacements or apply your refund to your asos account. this is usually done within 48 hours. any refund will automatically be issued to the card you used to place the original order. this typically takes 5 working days in the uk, dependent on your bank/card issuer. we try hard to accept all returns, and returns to us don’t need to be in the original packaging. in the unlikely event that an item is returned to us in an unsuitable condition, we may have to send it back to you. international customers we want to give you a hassle-free way to return anything. we’ve extended our returns policy for christmas 2012. orders placed from 1st november 2012 can be returned up until 23rd january 2013 (including sale items) subject to our returns policy. want to return something? no problem, as an international customer, you can return your parcel using any postal service. as the parcel remains your responsibility until it arrives with us, remember to ask for proof of postage, so if your parcel goes missing in the mail, you’ll have proof you’ve sent it. all we ask is that you make sure we know the order number your return relates to and your details. we can’t refund you without these details, so make sure the returns form is filled out and placed in your returns parcel. if you want it replaced for a different size or colour, or you want a different item, you will need to place a new order. have you lost your returns note or label? just click here to print off a new one. it can usually take up to 21 days for your return to be delivered back to our warehouse in the uk, depending on your location and which postal service you use. please see below timeframes as a guide ireland – 14 days europe – 14 days us – 10 days rest of world – 21 days we’ll send you an email as soon as we’ve received your return in its original condition and either order your replacements or apply your refund to your asos account. this is usually done within 48 hours. any refund will automatically be issued to the card you used to place the original order. this typically takes 5-10 working days, dependent on your bank/card issuer. we try hard to accept all returns, and returns to us don’t need to be in the original packaging. in the unlikely event that an item is returned to us in an unsuitable condition, we may have to send it back to you. have you received my returned items? uk customers as soon as your return has been received and checked by our warehouse, we'll email you to let you know. in the unlikely event that you haven’t received an email within 10 days of returning your items, contact our customer care team and we'll get back to you within four hours. make sure you let us know your original order number, which items you have returned and any delivery reference numbers (i.e. from a collection service or courier) when you contact us. if you have returned your items via the collect+ service, you can track your items here using the tracking number provided to you when you returned your item. international customers as soon as your return has been received and checked by our warehouse, we'll email you to let you know. in the unlikely event that you haven’t received an email within the timescale shown below, since you returned your items, contact our customer care team and we'll get back to you within four hours. ireland - 10 days europe – 14 days us – 10 days rest of world – 21 days make sure you let us know your original order number, which items you have returned and any delivery reference numbers (i.e. from a collection service or courier) when you contact us. if you have returned your items via the collect+ service, you can track your items here using the tracking number provided to you when you returned your item. have you got a catalogue? we don’t have a catalogue. with thousands of items to choose from and hundreds added every week, it would be impossible to keep up if we did. instead we put all our energy into providing you with a website where you can shop 24 hours, 7 days a week, where we can show you what the clothes look like both in pictures and catwalk videos. worried about buying online? rest assured we invest time and money to make sure we have the systems and software that protect you and your purchases. is it safe to order online? safer than it's ever been. we use one of the most secure online ordering systems on the market, and are constantly researching and improving our software to make sure we offer the highest possible security at all times also, we are a senate member of imrg, the leading industry body for global online retailing, which promotes the highest possible industry standards and best practices, to ensure honest and truthful online transactions. we utilise industry-standard secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive information such as your name, address and other critically sensitive information like your credit card details. information passed between your computer and our website cannot be read in the event someone else intercepts it. this technology includes the following features: authentication - this assures your browser that your data is being sent to the correct computer server, and that the server is secure encryption - this encodes the data, so that it cannot be read by anyone other than the secure server data integrity - this checks the data being transferred to ensure it has not been altered in the unlikely incidence of unauthorised use of your card you must report the incident immediately to your credit card provider in order to qualify for security protection. do i have to create an account to shop with you? yes you do, but it’s simple to do and allows you order easily without having to filling in your details every time you shop with us. you will also receive benefits such as order tracking, regular newsletters, and exclusive discount/promos and special offers. you can join now, or you can start shopping straight away and set up your account when you check out – whichever suits you best. just follow the easy steps on screen and remember to have your payment and address details to hand. how do i search for an item? do you know what it is you are looking for? if so type it into the search asos box at the top of the page and click on the magnifying glass. or, to browse through what’s available, select a category from the drop downs under women, men, etc. you can then narrow your search by selecting product type, size, colour etc from the options on the left-hand side of the page. found what you want? add to your shopping bag and when you are done shopping, follow the instructions on screen to complete your order. size guides / care instructions we never want to send you something that doesn't fit properly. check out our womens and mens size guide for measurements, fitting tips, washing tips - everything to make sure it fits perfectly and stays looking great. care guide do always read the care label and washing instructions before washing your clothes. arrange your laundry into groups with similar wash care instructions and organise into whites, darks and colours. the care label washing temperature is the highest permitted temperature. but if you are unsure, always wash at a lower temperature rather than higher. rinse swimwear immediately after use and do not wring. turn garment inside out before washing. don't avoid using too much detergent. do not use fabric detergents which contain bleach. do not tumble dry garment unless indicated on the care label. do not iron prints, trims or embellishments. do not leave garments with white and contrast coloured panels soaking for prolonged periods. garments with metal trims should not be left to soak. footwear we recommend treating suede & nubuck with an appropriate protector before wear. a suede brush will help to keep the nap raised & the suede looking new. if your shoes get wet, stuff them with newspaper and dry naturally, away from a direct heat source. this will prevent the outer materials drying out and cracking. unless otherwise stated, trainers and canvas shoes should not go in the washing machine. if they get dirty, let them dry and remove the excess dirt with a clean bush or cloth. for heeled products, check top pieces (heel tips) regularly & when they start to wear down take them to a good shoe repair shop and have them replaced to avoid slipping or causing further damage to your shoes. when purchasing leather products from asos please remember that it is a natural product & some variations between pairs in terms of colour and finishes may occur. washing symbols the washtub symbol indicates if your garment is suitable for washing. the recommended washing temperature is shown by the number inside the washtub. the amount of agitation is specified by bars underneath. a washtub with no bar will use the maximum action with a normal spin. the number in the tub is the maximum temperature, for example 40°. a washtub with a single bar (one bar) indicates a mild washing process. the machine will wash with a medium machine action and mild spin. the number in the tub is the maximum temperature, for example 40°. a washtub with a double bars (two bars) indicates a very mild washing process and spin. the number in the tub is the maximum temperature, for example 40°. hand wash only as your clothes are too delicate to machine wash. the temperature is to be a maximum of 40°. do not wash. do not use bleach. only oxygen/non-chlorine bleach allowed. any bleaching agent allowed. a box with a circle inside represent tumble drying. tumble dry possible at normal temperature. tumble dry possible at low heat. do not tumble dry. dry flat. drip dry. dry handing. hot iron. maximum temperature 200°c. warm iron. maximum temperature 150°c. cool iron. maximum temperature 110°c. do not iron. the garment may be professionally dry cleaned. the p represents perchloroethylene solvent. the garment may be professionally dry cleaned. the p represents perchloroethylene solvent. the single bar indicates a milder process. the garment may be professionally dry cleaned. the f represents hydrocarbon solvents, which is a more environmentally friendly and mild process. the garment may be professionally dry cleaned. the f represents hydrocarbon solvents, which is a more environmentally friendly and mild process. the single bar indicates a milder process. do not dry clean. can you give me more information about your products? we try to give you as much useful info as we can about all our products, including: a detailed description lots of pictures a catwalk video how the sizing works how to care for your item if there is other information you feel should be available, let us know. the item i want is out of stock. will you be getting more stock? we don't currently have the facility to let you know if or when an item is due back in stock. as we like to offer you new and exciting products regularly we don't tend to restock a lot of our items again. we are always looking at improving your shopping experience so if this changes, we’ll let you know. you could also look for something similar – all you need to do is type a description or trend into the search box on our website. you can narrow down the selection by using our ‘refine by’ section on the left hand side of the screen. our new in section includes all our latest items, so it’s always worth a look! how do i use my discount/promo code? your discount/promo code has to be entered in the box which states ‘promo code or nus extra student number’ within the ‘order summary’ section. once you have entered the code, click on ‘update’. you must enter the discount/promo code when you are checking out as it can’t be applied later. there are some rules around discount/promos: only one discount/promo code can be used per order discount/promo codes cannot be used for gift vouchers or when paying for premier registration as our discount/promo codes vary so do the terms and conditions of each, so make sure you check when you receive any discount/promo code do you offer student discount? nus extra cardholders receive 10% off products across the asos site with a valid nus extra card number. to redeem the discount enter your nus extra card number when prompted at the checkout.the value of the gift voucher the discount is not available on delivery charges, asos premier, sale items and gift vouchers. the discount can’t be used in conjunction with any other offer. asos reserve the right to terminate this discount without notice. discount is only valid for nus extra cardholders and is non-transferable. should a nus extra card number be used by anyone other than the cardholder, the discount will be withdrawn without notice. can i use more than one discount code you can only use one discount/promo code per order. click here to find out how to use your discount/promo code. non eu vat vat is not included in our prices for customers outside of the eu. how can i pay? you can use any of the cards listed below to pay for your order. your details are safe with us as we take security very seriously indeed. we also take fraud very seriously so all credit and debit card holders are subject to validation and authorisation by both us and the card issuer. asos also accepts payment via ideal accounts. what currencies can i use? you can pay using various currencies. if you choose a currency from the list in the top right corner of the page, all our prices will be displayed in that currency. when will i be charged? if your card is authorised, payment will be taken immediately, and you will receive an email confirming that your order has been successful. if your card is not authorised, payment will not be taken, and we'll email to let you know why your bank or card issuer wouldn't authorise the payment. please remember that even if a payment isn’t authorised, it may look like asos has still taken the money as some card issuers may still reserve the money, for a short period of time. if you choose to pay via your ideal account you will be charged at the point of sale. my payment has been declined check the card details on your asos account to make sure the information is correct, e.g. the expiry date or your billing address. make sure you enter the security code correctly – that’s the three digit number on the back of your card. your card issuer may have declined your payment – as they don’t tell us the reason for this, it’s best to check with them. if you’ve checked all of the above, try paying with another card. if you’ve tried all these and are still having problems, contact our customer care team with as many details as you can about the issue including any error messages and we’ll try to resolve it as soon as we can. can i amend my order? we are unable to amend any part of your order or change the delivery or payment method once your order is complete. you may be able to cancel your order – click here to see how. can i cancel my order? if you have chosen standard delivery you have up to an hour to cancel your order from the time your order completed. if you have chosen any other delivery option you have up to 30 minutes to cancel your order from the time your order completed. if you still want to cancel your order click here to sign into your account. look at your last order – if the button next to it says ‘cancel/view’, you still have time to cancel it by clicking that button. the status will change to ‘cancelled’. the uk distance selling regulations advise you have seven working days to cancel the contract for your order with us and we will issue you with a full refund. click here for more details. how do i cancel my order under the distance selling regulations? the uk distance selling regulations advise you have seven working days to cancel the contract for your order with us and we will issue you with a full refund. the seven working days starts from the day after you receive your order. we need written confirmation of cancellation from you, so you’ll need to contact us quoting your order number. if you have already received your order, you will need to return all the items in the order. you will need to pay the cost of returning the order. the items must be in their original condition and will be inspected once we have received them. if we do not receive the cancelled order back, we may arrange to have them collected at your cost. do you have an ethical sourcing policy? we have a responsibility to our customers, colleagues and supply partners to ensure that the items sold on asos.com are produced under acceptable conditions and in an ethical way. this means that they must have been produced: -      lawfully, through fair & honest dealing; -      without exploiting the people who made them; -      in decent working conditions and; -      without damaging the environment we were pleased to have been accepted as members of the ethical trade initiative in march 2009. for more information please see www.asos.com/code-of-conduct and www.ethicaltrade.org and if you would like to know more about our work in this area, please contact us at csr@asos.com do i have to create an account to shop with you? yes you do, but it’s simple to do and allows you order easily without having to filling in your details every time you shop with us. you will also receive benefits such as order tracking, regular newsletters, and exclusive discount/promos and special offers. you can join now, or you can start shopping straight away and set up your account when you check out – whichever suits you best. just follow the easy steps on screen and remember to have your payment and address details to hand. how do i change details on my asos account? you can log into your account anytime. once you are logged in you can change your: password email address delivery address payment card details it’s worth checking every once in a while just to make sure we have the right details for you. can i sign up for your asos newsletter? yes you can and it’s really easy to do! there are two ways to register for the newsletter: click here to set up an account with us. this also means when you are ready to start shopping, you will have a head start. or you can sign up here via the homepage how can i pay? you can use any of the cards listed below to pay for your order. your details are safe with us as we take security very seriously indeed. we also take fraud very seriously so all credit and debit card holders are subject to validation and authorisation by both us and the card issuer. asos also accepts payment via ideal accounts. what currencies can i use? you can pay using various currencies. if you choose a currency from the list in the top right corner of the page, all our prices will be displayed in that currency. when will i be charged? if your card is authorised, payment will be taken immediately, and you will receive an email confirming that your order has been successful. if your card is not authorised, payment will not be taken, and we'll email to let you know why your bank or card issuer wouldn't authorise the payment. please remember that even if a payment isn’t authorised, it may look like asos has still taken the money as some card issuers may still reserve the money, for a short period of time. if you choose to pay via your ideal account you will be charged at the point of sale. my payment has been declined check the card details on your asos account to make sure the information is correct, e.g. the expiry date or your billing address. make sure you enter the security code correctly – that’s the three digit number on the back of your card. your card issuer may have declined your payment – as they don’t tell us the reason for this, it’s best to check with them. if you’ve checked all of the above, try paying with another card. if you’ve tried all these and are still having problems, contact our customer care team with as many details as you can about the issue including any error messages and we’ll try to resolve it as soon as we can. contacting asos we aim to making shopping with asos easy and simple, but we know that you may have some questions so we’ve developed our help and contact area to help. hopefully, you will find the answers you are looking for. however, if you need to contact us, we’re here 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and you can email us via 'contact us'. we’ll let you know your query has been received, and will get back to you with an answer within 4 hours. alternatively you can use: facebook via asos twitter via @asos_heretohelp be sure to include as much information as possible in your email, post or tweet so we can investigate and get back to you quickly. can i contact you if i'm not the asos account holder? we’re happy to hear from anyone who has a general query about shopping with asos, however if you are contacting us about an order or an account then you do need to be the asos account holder. we also ask that you use the email address that you registered with us so we can verify your details. what is price promise? ‘price promise’ is our commitment to you, that if you see a branded (non-asos) item cheaper on another site, we’ll match that price for you. all sales are subject to our main asos terms and conditions and your personal data is still protected by the asos privacy policy. there are a few terms and conditions specific to the price promise: price promise is only available on non-asos branded items that are available on www.asos.com. a price promise claim can be made either before you purchase or within 28 days of making your purchase. the product must be in stock, and be available to buy in the same colour and size on our competitor’s website. the item must be full price and not reduced as part of a sale or promotion on our competitor’s site. the discount/promo code for the price difference will only be sent once we have verified the price with our competitor. the price must be displayed and transacted on a uk competitor site in gbp (£) to enable us to make a price comparison. if you are making your claim prior to purchasing your item, the discount/promo code will only be valid to use on www.asos.com against the specific item being sold at a lower price on our competitor’s website. if you have already made your purchase, the discount code will be valid to use on your next purchase on www.asos.com. the discount/promo code will be locked to your account and can only be used by you. we do not offer a price promise on items sold on discounted websites or delivery charges. how does price promise work? use our contact us page to let us know which item you’ve seen selling for less, and which site it is on. select the ‘price promise – i’ve seen a branded item cheaper on another website’ category in the ‘subject of your query’ field. tell us as much about the item as you can and the price you saw it at. once we’ve checked it out, we’ll send you a discount/promo code for the difference. you can then buy the item you want from asos at the lower price. if you’ve already bought your item from asos and then seen it cheaper on another website, just let us know within 28 days and we’ll send you a discount/promo code for the difference. you’ll be able to use this on your next asos purchase. how do i buy a gift voucher? the good news is that buying a gift voucher is easy - just decide: who you want to send it to how much you want to spend when you want the lucky person to get it. we can send it to them up to three months after you’ve bought it, using the email address you give us. once they’ve received their voucher, they have up to 12 months to spend it. they can use the whole voucher at once or just part of it at the moment you can only buy gift vouchers in sterling. if you’re ordering outside the uk your order will be shown in £gbp at the checkout and in your confirmation emails, but if you pay with a credit/debit card, it will show in your own currency on your bank or credit card statement. click here to buy a gift voucher. can i send a paper gift voucher? as we’re an online retailer, we don’t send paper vouchers. you can send the gift voucher to your own email address so you can print it out when you receive it. don’t forget to enter the name of the person you are giving the gift voucher to in the ‘to’ field. click here to buy a gift voucher. how do i use my gift voucher? when you receive your voucher it’s a good idea to register it straight away. this will add the credit to your account immediately, ready for you to spend. just enter the 16 digit code into the gift voucher section of the ‘wallet’ on your asos account and click ‘add’. once the voucher has been added to your account, it can’t be transferred to another account. you have 12 months to spend the whole amount of your gift voucher although you don’t have to spend it all at once. when you want to buy something using your gift voucher, it will automatically appear when you reach the checkout. just click ‘redeem voucher’. it may ask you to enter the 16 digit code before the order completes. if you’re spending more than the value of your gift voucher, you’ll need to pay the extra bit using a credit or debit card in the usual way. if you’re spending less than the value of your gift voucher, the credit will stay on your account for you to spend later, but you’ll need to spend it before the expiry date of the gift voucher. click here to go shopping. the person i bought the gift voucher for hasn’t received it. what can i do? ask them to check in their junk mail; if it’s not there contact our customer care team with the following details and they’ll do their best to replace it for you: the order number you received when you ordered the gift voucher or the email address registered to the account the voucher was ordered from the value of the gift voucher the email address the gift voucher was sent to what do i do if i have lost my gift voucher? contact our customer care team with the following details and they will do their best to replace it for you: the order number you received when you ordered the gift voucher or the email address registered to the account the voucher was ordered from the value of the gift voucher the email address the gift voucher was sent to can i return items bought with a gift voucher? of course! your right to return an item is exactly the same regardless of whether you bought it with a gift voucher, a payment card, or a combination of the two. if you paid for your whole order with a gift voucher, we’ll send you another voucher for the total amount. if you paid with a combination of payment card and gift voucher, we'll refund anything you paid for with your debit/credit card first, and then send you a new 16-digit code for any outstanding gift voucher credit you are owed. can i cancel or return a gift voucher? did you buy the gift voucher? if you did, you can cancel your gift voucher order within 30 minutes of completing the order. if that timescale has already gone, and the gift voucher hasn’t been used or associated with an account, get in touch with our customer care team. we will cancel it for you or if it’s because of a mistake in the email address, we’ll change it for you and send you another one. do you offer student discount? we offer a student discount of 10% to all valid nus extra cardholders and to unidays members all year round. to use your discount, simply enter your nus extra card number or unidays unique code into the promo code box at the checkout. discount is not available on delivery charges, asos premier, sale items and gift vouchers. discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. asos reserve the right to terminate this discount without notice. discount is only valid for nus extra cardholders or unidays valid members and is non-transferable. should a code be used by anyone other than the designated student, the discount will be withdrawn without notice. to find out more and to read the t&cs, please click here how do i use my discount/promo code? your discount/promo code has to be entered in the box which states ‘promo code or nus extra student number’ within the ‘order summary’ section. once you have entered the code, click on ‘update’. you must enter the discount/promo code when you are checking out as it can’t be applied later. there are some rules around discount/promos: only one discount/promo code can be used per order discount/promo codes cannot be used for gift vouchers or when paying for premier registration as our discount/promo codes vary so do the terms and conditions of each, so make sure you check when you receive any discount/promo code can i use my student discount with another discount code? as your student discount is valid all year round it can’t be used together with any other discount/promo code. click here to find out more about our student discount. i am having problems accessing your website we suggest that you have the latest version of your operating system provider e.g. windows, osx etc. if you’re still having problems, contact our customer care team and include: as much detail as you can about the issue screen shots of any error message you get which web browser you are using (e.g. internet explorer, firefox, chrome, safari etc.) what you have done so far to try to resolve it i can’t see the catwalk videos if you’re having trouble viewing the catwalk videos, make sure you have the latest version of adobe flash player from www.adobe.com. you must have at least version 9 installed. if after this you’re still having problems, contact our customer care team and include: as much detail as you can about the issue screen shots of any error message you get which web browser you are using (e.g. internet explorer, firefox, chrome, safari etc.) what you have done so far to try to resolve it items have disappeared from my shopping basket if you’ve added something to your shopping bag, it will be reserved for 60 minutes. after 60 minutes it will be removed so other customers can buy it. if you find something has disappeared within 60 minutes, this may be because you are using the ‘back’ button on your browser to navigate. instead, use the grey ‘continue shopping’ button on the shopping bag page. if you’re still having problems, try deleting the cookies on your system. simply go to the tools tab on your internet browser, and select internet options. find the tab that allows you to delete cookies and click ok. if after this you are still having problems, contact our customer care team giving as much detail as you can about the issue including: screen shots of any error message you get what you have done so far to try to resolve it i can't sign into my account you must sign into your account before you can shop with us or if you want to see or track your orders. if you receive a message that says your email address/password isn’t recognised, follow the steps below: make sure you are using the same email address and password you registered with. if you can’t remember your password, click on the ‘forgotten password’ link on the sign in page and type in your email address. we’ll then email you a password reminder. if you enter your email address and/or password incorrectly three times, your account will be locked for 30 minutes. if after this you still can’t sign in, contact our customer care team giving as much detail as you can about the issue including screen shots of any error message you get and what you’ve done so far to try to resolve it. i don’t seem to be receiving my emails/newsletters from you after you sign up and place an order, you should receive a variety of emails from us, which include asos newsletters, order and return confirmation emails and any responses from our customer care team. there may be a number of reasons you’re not getting these from us. your email software may be marking our emails as junk mail. to stop this from happening, please add 'info@newsletter.asos.com' to your email address book. make sure you typed in the correct email address when you signed up with us. just sign in to your account (if you can remember which email address you used) to check this. if after this you are still having trouble, contact our customer care team giving as much detail as you can about the issue and we will try our best to help. is it safe to order online? safer than it's ever been. we use one of the most secure online ordering systems on the market, and are constantly researching and improving our software to make sure we offer the highest possible security at all times also, we are a senate member of imrg, the leading industry body for global online retailing, which promotes the highest possible industry standards and best practices, to ensure honest and truthful online transactions. we utilise industry-standard secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive information such as your name, address and other critically sensitive information like your credit card details. information passed between your computer and our website cannot be read in the event someone else intercepts it. this technology includes the following features: authentication - this assures your browser that your data is being sent to the correct computer server, and that the server is secure encryption - this encodes the data, so that it cannot be read by anyone other than the secure server data integrity - this checks the data being transferred to ensure it has not been altered in the unlikely incidence of unauthorised use of your card you must report the incident immediately to your credit card provider in order to qualify for security protection. how does your delivery service work? we know how important it is to receive your goods when you expect them, especially if you have ordered something for a specific occasion and we use a large network of couriers to deliver goods from asos.com to all over the world. we allocate the courier we believe will deliver your order to you in the quickest time depending on the size and weight of your parcel. if you are ordering for delivery outside of the uk, we suggest you have goods delivered to a work address rather than a home address, as our couriers only deliver between 9am and 5pm, and may require a signature on receipt. you can review our delivery options in more detail so you choose the one that best suits what you need. to enable us to provide you with the best possible delivery experience , we may pass on your contact details to our carrier partners. these details may allow them to provide you with delivery updates via sms (text) and or e-mail. what is uk next day delivery? if you choose uk next day delivery service: it costs £5.95 we give you free delivery when you spend over £100 if you place your order before 7pm monday to friday, you will receive it the next day. if you place your order after 7pm on a friday and before 2pm on a sunday, you will receive it on monday. if you place your order after 2pm on a sunday it will be delivered on tuesday. please note we do not deliver on bank holidays so your order will be delivered 2 working days later. your order may be delivered anytime between 7am and 9pm and a signature may be required on receipt of your parcel. once your order is with the carrier, we will send you a confirmation email with a tracking link for your parcel so you can follow its journey. please check this first before contacting us about your delivery. the carrier delivering your order will also contact you with tracking and delivery updates, including a 1-hour delivery window, and how to reschedule your delivery if you need to do so. orders can be delivered to your work address if you select it at checkout. if you have given us your mobile number during your account registration we can text you updates. if you are not in when your parcel arrives, the carrier will leave a card telling you where it is. it might be left in a safe place or there will be details on how to pick up your order or rearrange delivery. next day delivery is not available to the following postcodes. what is uk standard delivery? if you choose uk standard delivery: it's free! your parcel will arrive within 5 working days (excluding weekends) after you place your order all asos orders are trackable so you can follow its journey to you. you'll receive a confirmation email from our warehouse once your order is on its way, simply click on your tracking link to view the up to date tracking. all orders are trackable so you can follow your order via the link on confirmation email sent by our warehouse when your parcel was sent out or by logging in to your account here your order may arrive anytime between 7am and 9pm and a signature may be required on receipt of your parcel. if you're not in when your parcel arrives, a card will be left telling you where it is. it might be left and there’ll be details on how to pick up your order or rearrange delivery. deliveries are not made on bank holidays, so you can expect your order to arrive the next working day. what is uk evening next day delivery? if you choose uk evening next day delivery: it costs £7.95 (reduced price for a limited time) we give you free delivery when you spend over £150 it's only available to selected postcodes. if you cannot select this delivery option when placing your order, then consider choosing uk next day delivery instead. to receive your order by the next evening, you need to order before midnight. weekday deliveries will arrive between 6-10pm. weekend and bank holiday deliveries will arrive between 4-8pm. once your order is with the carrier, we will send you a confirmation email with a tracking link so you can follow your parcel's journey. please check this first before contacting us about your delivery. a calling card will be left if we have been able to leave your order with a neighbour, but if we are unable to deliver for any reason, it will be returned to asos and we will refund you. what is uk nominated day delivery? if you choose uk nominated day delivery: it costs £5.95 you can choose a delivery day of your choice, up to 7 days in advance. please note we do not deliver on bank holidays. your order may be delivered anytime between 7am-9pm and a signature may be required on receipt. once your order is with the carrier, we will send you a confirmation email with a tracking link for your parcel so you can follow its journey. please check this first before contacting us about your delivery. the carrier delivering your order will also contact you with tracking and delivery updates, including a 1-hour delivery window, and how to reschedule your delivery if you need to do so. orders can be delivered to your work address if you select it at checkout. if you have given us your mobile number during your account registration we can text you updates. if you are not in when your parcel arrives, the carrier will leave a card telling you where it is. it might be left in a safe place or there will be details on how to pick up your order or rearrange delivery. uk nominated day delivery is not available to the following postcodes. what is asos collect +? asos have teamed up with collect+ to offer you asos collect. you can now have your parcel delivered to your local supermarket, corner shop and newsagent, providing they offer the collect+ service. there are thousands of shops nationwide offering this service and you can find your nearest one by clicking here. to make it even easier, collect+ shops have extended opening hours, with many shops open 7 days a week. to use collect +, simply click on the link at checkout to choose the most convenient shop for you, then select our free standard delivery service. you’ll be able to track your parcel by clicking here. when your parcel arrives in the shop, you’ll receive an email or text message from collect+ with the 7-digit tracking code. to collect the parcel, you’ll need the code and proof of id (cheque guarantee/credit/debit card, bank/building society book, valid passport, cheque book or driving licence). you have 10 days to collect your order. if your order needs to be replaced for any reason, we’ll send it to your default delivery address with our standard or next day service. replacements can’t be sent via our asos collect service. next day delivery is not available to the following postcodes. can i choose a specific delivery time or day for delivery? although it’s not possible to give you an exact time, with 5 options to choose from, you are sure to find a delivery method that suits you. click on the options below for more info: next day delivery standard delivery evening next day delivery nominated day delivery asos collect do you deliver to work addresses? we can deliver to your permanent residential address or your place of employment. if you want your delivery to reach you at work, you need to be confident that someone will be there to take receipt of the goods as the courier will deliver to the place not the person. is your place of employment at a po box address? click here for further information. do you deliver to po box addresses? we are able to deliver to po box addresses in the us, australia, cyprus and united arab emirates for those customers who have selected ‘standard delivery only’. outside of these countries, we can deliver to your permanent residential address or your place of employment. if you choose to have your order delivered to you at work, please ensure that there will be someone available to take receipt of the goods. do you deliver to bfpo? currently we do not offer a delivery service to bfpo addresses. can i have my parcel redirected to a different address? for your security we aren't able to change the address your order is being sent to. don't worry – if you're not in when a delivery is attempted our carrier will leave a card advising how to arrange a redelivery or where you can pick up your parcel. is my order on its way to me? uk customers you'll receive a confirmation email from our warehouse once your order is on its way, including the expected delivery date. all asos orders are trackable so you can follow its journey to you. you'll receive a confirmation email from our warehouse once your order is on its way, simply click on your tracking link to view the up to date tracking. make sure you check the expected delivery date on your email before contacting us about your order. to enable us to provide you with the best possible delivery experience, we may pass on your contact details to our carrier partners. these details may allow them to provide you with delivery updates via sms (text) and or e-mail. international customers you'll receive a confirmation email from our warehouse once your order is on its way, including the expected delivery date. if your order has been sent to you using a trackable service you will receive a tracking link on your confirmation email, so you can follow your order on its way to you. make sure you check the expected delivery date on your email before contacting us about your order. can i track my order? all asos orders are trackable so you can follow its journey to you. you'll receive a confirmation email from our warehouse once your order is on its way; simply click on your tracking link on this email to view the up to date tracking. what happens if i'm not in when my order arrives? uk customers someone needs to be in when your parcel is due to be delivered as we may need a signature. don’t worry if you aren’t as our carrier usually tries to deliver more than once. alternatively they will leave a card confirming they have either left it with a neighbour, left it in a safe place, when they will try to redeliver or give you details on how to collect it. my order has not arrived yet? if your order has not arrived by the estimated delivery date, we're here to help. before getting in contact with us, have you tried: checking the tracking link via your confirmation email to view the up to date tracking. this is available for all uk carriers and some international carriers. signing into my account to check we have the correct delivery address for your order and your contact details are up to date. checking if you have a text message, email or attempted delivery card from one of our carriers. your parcel may be awaiting collection at a local post office or delivery depot, or you may need to arrange redelivery. checking with your neighbours to see if they have accepted the parcel on your behalf. looking in any safe areas the driver may have left your parcel, such as behind bins or in a shed, garage or porch. if you still can't find your parcel, please email us using the contact us form and quote your order number. we'll reply within four hours and do our best to locate your parcel straightaway. if it cannot be found, we will arrange a replacement or refund for you. can i amend my delivery address? we are unable to amend any part of your order or change the delivery or payment method once your order is complete. you may be able to cancel your order – click here to see how. how does your delivery service work? we know how important it is to receive your goods when you expect them, especially if you have ordered something for a specific occasion and we use a large network of couriers to deliver goods from asos.com to all over the world. we allocate the courier we believe will deliver your order to you in the quickest time depending on the size and weight of your parcel. if you are ordering for delivery outside of the uk, we suggest you have goods delivered to a work address rather than a home address, as our couriers only deliver between 9am and 5pm, and may require a signature on receipt. you can review our delivery options in more detail so you choose the one that best suits what you need. to enable us to provide you with the best possible delivery experience , we may pass on your contact details to our carrier partners. these details may allow them to provide you with delivery updates via sms (text) and or e-mail. international delivery information international shipping is charged on a flat rate basis, regardless of the weight of your order. standard and express delivery services are available for most of the countries that we ship to. once you have entered the delivery address, you' be able to see the available delivery services. tracking is available on some standard delivery services and on all express delivery services. you will receive a despatch confirmation email from the warehouse with a tracking link for your parcel so you can follow its journey. shipping costs are calculated automatically at the checkout page when both the destination and delivery service are selected. click here to find out more about international delivery times and costs . our carriers deliver during normal business working hours and may require a signature on receipt, so we suggest your order is delivered to a work address rather than a home address. your order will be sent out via the most suitable carrier, dependent on size and weight. any customs or import duties are charged once the order reaches its destination country and must be paid by the recipient of the order. we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. customs policies vary widely from country to country. you may want to contact your local customs office for further information. once your order has arrived in your country, it will be passed on to an internal postal service, according to standard delivery procedures. if you are not in when your parcel arrives, the carrier will leave a card telling you where it is. it might be left in a safe place or there will be details on how to pick up your order or rearrange delivery. international delivery destinations see popup for details. will i be charged customs and import charges? any customs or import duties are charged once the parcel reaches its destination country. these charges must be paid by the recipient of the parcel (this also applies to retail & wholesale customers). unfortunately, we have no control over these charges, and cannot tell you what the cost would be, as customs policies and import duties vary widely from country to country. it might be a good idea to contact your local customs office for current charges before you order, so you are not surprised by charges you were not expecting. do you deliver to po box adresses? we are able to deliver to po box addresses in the us, australia, cyprus and united arab emirates for those customers who have selected ‘standard delivery only’. outside of these countries, we can deliver to your permanent residential address or your place of employment. if you choose to have your order delivered to you at work, please ensure that there will be someone available to take receipt of the goods. can i have my parcel redirected to a different address? for your security we aren't able to change the address your order is being sent to. don't worry – if you're not in when a delivery is attempted our carrier will leave a card advising how to arrange a redelivery or where you can pick up your parcel. can i track my order? some international carriers provide tracking. have a look at the confirmation email that tells you 'your order is on its way'. if your order is trackable you’ll see the link there. i have been charged by us customs we are now covering all import duties on us orders. this should be managed automatically but if you are charged, please keep a proof of payment and contact our customer care team who will arrange a refund of these charges. please note this is a promotional offer only and is subject to change. non eu vat vat is not included in our prices for customers outside of the eu. my order has not arrived yet? if your order has not arrived by the estimated delivery date, we're here to help. before getting in contact with us, have you tried: checking the tracking link via your confirmation email to view the up to date tracking. this is available for all uk carriers and some international carriers. signing into my account to check we have the correct delivery address for your order and your contact details are up to date. checking if you have a text message, email or attempted delivery card from one of our carriers. your parcel may be awaiting collection at a local post office or delivery depot, or you may need to arrange redelivery. checking with your neighbours to see if they have accepted the parcel on your behalf. looking in any safe areas the driver may have left your parcel, such as behind bins or in a shed, garage or porch. if you still can't find your parcel, please email us using the contact us form and quote your order number. we'll reply within four hours and do our best to locate your parcel straightaway. if it cannot be found, we will arrange a replacement or refund for you. what happens if i'm not in when my order arrives? if you are not in when your parcel arrives, the carrier will leave a card telling you where it is. it might be left in a safe place or there will be details on how to pick up your order or rearrange delivery. i have received a faulty item we want to sort out any issues with faulty items straightaway. as soon as you discover a fault, please contact our customer care team with the order number, the faulty item's name and number, and a description of the fault. we’ll get back to you within 4 hours and send you a replacement item as quickly as we can. i have received an incorrect item in my order we want to sort out any issues with incorrect items straightaway. please contact our customer care team with the order number and the incorrect item's name and number. we'll get back to you within 4 hours and try to resolve it for you as quickly as we can. an item is missing from my order we may have sent your items in separate parcels so please check your emails to see if any of your items will be arriving separately. if your order has been sent in different parcels then each delivery note will tell you the items you can expect to find inside. please check the delivery notes from each part of your order to make sure you're not missing anything. if an item is missing, please contact our customer care team with the order number and the missing item's name and number. we will resolve the issue for you as quickly as we can. the price has changed since i ordered it. can i get a refund? as an online business our prices change in response to fashion trends, stock and demand from customers. in this case we will not to refund the difference. what is your returns policy? uk customers do you want to return something? no problem! we’ve extended our returns policy for christmas 2012. orders placed from 1st november 2012 can be returned up until 23rd january 2013 (including sale items) subject to our returns policy. you can return any item for a refund, or you can exchange it for a different size or colour. just note down the details of your replacement on the returns form that came with your order. we will refund the price you purchased your item at. this includes sale items. we can’t take back items marked with a '+' next to the product name for hygiene reasons. however, if you haven’t removed the original wrapping, or the item’s faulty, then that’s fine. all goods will be inspected on return. the goods are your responsibility until they reach our warehouse, so make sure it’s packed up properly and can’t get damaged on the way! we are not responsible for any items that are returned to us by mistake. we try hard to accept all returns, and returns to us don’t need to be in the original packaging. in the unlikely event that an item is returned to us in an unsuitable condition, we may have to send it back to you. returns are free for uk customers. lost your returns label? no problem – print one off here. we recommend you obtain proof of postage. our returns address is: asos, park spring road, grimethorpe, barnsley, s72 7gx uk just completed your order but changed your mind? no problem – you can return it under the distance selling regulations. click here for more information. aerosols, liquids, perfumes and batteries can only be returned via our collect + or door stop collection (see "how do i return an item" for details). these items returned must be in their original condition, including tags and any packaging, e.g. shoes must be returned with the original shoe box. international customers do you want to return something? no problem! we’ve extended our returns policy for christmas 2012. orders placed from 1st november 2012 can be returned up until 23rd january 2013 (including sale items) subject to our returns policy. if you want it replaced for a different size or colour, or you want a different item, you will need to place a new order. we will refund the price you purchased your item at. this includes sale items. we can’t take back items marked with a '+' next to the product name for hygiene reasons. however, if you haven’t removed the original wrapping, or the item’s faulty, then that’s fine. for all returns, the items returned must be in their original condition, which includes tags and any packaging e.g. shoes must be returned with the original shoe box. all goods will be inspected on return. the goods are your responsibility until they reach our warehouse, so make sure it’s packed up properly and can’t get damaged on the way! we try hard to accept all returns, and returns to us don’t need to be in the original packaging. in the unlikely event that an item is returned to us in an unsuitable condition, we may have to send it back to you. we are not responsible for any items that are returned to us by mistake. click here to download a returns form and label or use the label on your delivery and returns note, enclosed with your order. make sure you use a postal service that insures you for the value of the items you are returning or obtain proof of posting. our returns address is: asos, park spring road, grimethorpe, barnsley, s72 7gx uk just completed your order but changed your mind? no problem you can return it under the distance selling regulations. click here for more information. how do i return something to you? uk customers we want to give you a hassle-free way to return anything. we’ve extended our returns policy for christmas 2012. orders placed from 1st november 2012 can be returned up until 23rd january 2013 (including sale items) subject to our returns policy. want to return something? no problem, all we ask is that you make sure we know the order number your return relates to, your details and whether you want a refund or to change it for another size, colour or item. we can’t do this without these details, so make sure the returns form is filled out and placed in your returns parcel. have you lost your returns note or label? just click here to print off a new one. if you are a uk customer, you have three choices when returning your items; you can use our collection service use our new collect+ service or, you can make your own arrangements through any postal carrier. it can usually take up to 10 days for your return to be delivered back to our warehouse, depending on which postal service you use. we’ll send you an email as soon as we’ve received your return in its original condition and either order your replacements or apply your refund to your asos account. this is usually done within 48 hours. any refund will automatically be issued to the card you used to place the original order. this typically takes 5 working days in the uk, dependent on your bank/card issuer. we try hard to accept all returns, and returns to us don’t need to be in the original packaging. in the unlikely event that an item is returned to us in an unsuitable condition, we may have to send it back to you. international customers we want to give you a hassle-free way to return anything. we’ve extended our returns policy for christmas 2012. orders placed from 1st november 2012 can be returned up until 23rd january 2013 (including sale items) subject to our returns policy. want to return something? no problem, as an international customer, you can return your parcel using any postal service. as the parcel remains your responsibility until it arrives with us, remember to ask for proof of postage, so if your parcel goes missing in the mail, you’ll have proof you’ve sent it. all we ask is that you make sure we know the order number your return relates to and your details. we can’t refund you without these details, so make sure the returns form is filled out and placed in your returns parcel. if you want it replaced for a different size or colour, or you want a different item, you will need to place a new order. have you lost your returns note or label? just click here to print off a new one. it can usually take up to 21 days for your return to be delivered back to our warehouse in the uk, depending on your location and which postal service you use. please see below timeframes as a guide ireland – 14 days europe – 14 days us – 10 days rest of world – 21 days we’ll send you an email as soon as we’ve received your return in its original condition and either order your replacements or apply your refund to your asos account. this is usually done within 48 hours. any refund will automatically be issued to the card you used to place the original order. this typically takes 5-10 working days, dependent on your bank/card issuer. we try hard to accept all returns, and returns to us don’t need to be in the original packaging. in the unlikely event that an item is returned to us in an unsuitable condition, we may have to send it back to you. how do i return my order using collect +? if you are a uk customer, you can return your asos order free via any local supermarket, newsagent or corner shop that offers the collect+ service. there are thousands of shops nationwide offering the service. click here to find your nearest one. as if that wasn’t easy enough, collect+ shops have extended opening hours, with many shops open seven days a week! please note this service is not available to those customers living in the e20 postcode between 27th july and 14th september. all you need to do is complete the returns form that came with your order and pop it in the parcel with your returns. peel off the label on your collect+, and insert and stick it onto your parcel. take your parcel to your local collect+ store, where you'll receive proof of postage and a code to track your return online. you can track your order using the code you were given here. your return will be processed within 7 working days of your goods being collected. for example, if you dropped the orders into a collect+ store on wednesday, you can expect your return to be processed by the following friday. if you have lost your collect+ label, click here to print off a new one. how do i use the collection service in the uk? would you like someone to collect the items you want to return? no problem! booking a collection to return your asos.com goods is easy and it costs just £2.95! we will collect your goods anytime from 7am – 7pm, monday to friday. all you need to do is let us know which day you want us to collect your parcel, and where from. this can be a work address if you’d like. just make sure the address is listed in your account so you can select it when booking your collection. paying for your collection is the same as paying for anything else on asos.com. the only difference is that gift vouchers and discounts can't be used for this service. if you’ve booked your collection and change your mind, no problem – just give us at least one day’s notice [excluding weekends and bank holidays] and we will refund what you paid for the service. your collection address must be accessible to the courier, and there will need to be someone there to hand over the parcel. if we can’t pick up the goods for either reason, you’ll still be charged for the service. each collection is valid for one parcel only. the carrier will not be able to accept any additional parcels. your return will be processed within 5 working days of your asos.com goods being collected. for example, if our courier picks up your goods on wednesday, you can expect your return to be processed by the following wednesday. to book or cancel a collection, sign into your account here. to see our returns policy click here. i have lost my returns note can’t find your returns note? don’t worry, you can print a new one off. take a look at the following links. just follow the instructions on the note, making sure you write down your order number. we’ll need these details to process your return. once it’s all filled out, pop the note in your parcel with the items you are returning. download free uk returns note download france returns note download ireland returns note download rest of world returns note for usa returns note please contact customer care team here. for germany returns note please contact customer care team here. will you refund me my delivery charge? we will usually refund you what you paid for your order but not the delivery charge. this is unless your order was cancelled under the uk distance selling regulations, or the entire order was faulty or incorrect. for more information on our returns policy, just click here. i have been refunded the incorrect amount we’re really sorry if we’ve made a mistake with your refund! if this is the case please contact our customer care team and we’ll try and sort it out for you as soon as possible. the following may affect the amount you have been refunded: the delivery charge, which is only refunded for cancelled orders under the distance selling regulations or if the goods are faulty. any discounts that were applied at the time of sale, which may not now be applicable. have you received my returned items? uk customers as soon as your return has been received and checked by our warehouse, we'll email you to let you know. in the unlikely event that you haven’t received an email within 10 days of returning your items, contact our customer care team and we'll get back to you within four hours. make sure you let us know your original order number, which items you have returned and any delivery reference numbers (i.e. from a collection service or courier) when you contact us. if you have returned your items via the collect+ service, you can track your items here using the tracking number provided to you when you returned your item. international customers as soon as your return has been received and checked by our warehouse, we'll email you to let you know. in the unlikely event that you haven’t received an email within the timescale shown below, since you returned your items, contact our customer care team and we'll get back to you within four hours. ireland - 10 days europe – 14 days us – 10 days rest of world – 21 days make sure you let us know your original order number, which items you have returned and any delivery reference numbers (i.e. from a collection service or courier) when you contact us. if you have returned your items via the collect+ service, you can track your items here using the tracking number provided to you when you returned your item. i returned an item and it was incorrectly refunded or replaced we are really sorry if we made a mistake. if you asked for a replacement and got a refund instead, it’s probably because we couldn’t change the item for the one you wanted. in this instance we issue you with a refund so you have the choice to buy what you want instead. if you wanted a refund and we sent you a replacement item, please contact our customer care team so we can sort it out for you. can i return items bought with a gift voucher? of course! your right to return an item is exactly the same regardless of whether you bought it with a gift voucher, a payment card, or a combination of the two. if you paid for your whole order with a gift voucher, we’ll send you another voucher for the total amount. if you paid with a combination of payment card and gift voucher, we'll refund anything you paid for with your debit/credit card first, and then send you a new 16-digit code for any outstanding gift voucher credit you are owed. can i cancel or return a gift voucher? did you buy the gift voucher? if you did, you can cancel your gift voucher order within 30 minutes of completing the order. if that timescale has already gone, and the gift voucher hasn’t been used or associated with an account, get in touch with our customer care team. we will cancel it for you or if it’s because of a mistake in the email address, we’ll change it for you and send you another one. i’ve lost my usa returns note if you have lost your usa returns note, contact our customer care team and they can create a new one for you and email it over. if you would like your return picked up, contact us and let us know: the address you would like the parcel collected from the time you would like the parcel collected (between 08:00 - 17:00) if you’re not around, tell us where the package will be left the product code on my delivery note is different from the website don’t worry, the product code on your delivery note is the one you need to use if you are querying or returning something. it’s unique to the size and colour combination of your item. this may vary from the general code found in the ‘info and care’ section on the item page. how do i cancel my order under the distance selling regulations? the uk distance selling regulations advise you have seven working days to cancel the contract for your order with us and we will issue you with a full refund. the seven working days starts from the day after you receive your order. we need written confirmation of cancellation from you, so you’ll need to contact us quoting your order number. if you have already received your order, you will need to return all of the items in the order. you will need to pay the cost of returning the order. the items must be in their original condition and will be inspected once we have received them. we try hard to accept all returns, and returns to us don’t need to be in the original packaging. in the unlikely event that an item is returned to us in an unsuitable condition, we may have to send it back to you. if we do not receive the cancelled order back, we may arrange to have them collected at your cost. can i return aerosols, cosmetics, liquids, perfumes or batteries? aerosols, cosmetics, liquids, perfumes and batteries can only be returned using our collect+ service or collection service how do i use the free royal mail returns to send back my items? the free royal mail returns is available in the uk only it’s really simple. all you need to do is peel off the pre-paid royal mail label on your returns note, and stick it on the front of your parcel. take it to any post office, where you will be given a proof of posting (you’ll need to hang on to this until your return’s been processed – just in case!). you can still track the return of any order (shipped after 2 may 2012). just enter the barcode number on your proof of posting into royal mail’s tracking page www.royalmail.com/trackandtrace what is asos premier? asos premier is available to all mainland uk customers (excl northern ireland). sign up and you’ll have access to loads of awesome benefits, including: free and unlimited next day and nominated day delivery all year free return collection service all year (one per order) no minimum order value exclusive discounts and early sale access through the year asos magazine guaranteed 10 months a year* all this for £9.95 a year (for a limited time only) * the asos magazine is targeted at a female readership, so it’ll only be sent to female premier subscribers. sign up now to get immediate access to all these great benefits. how do i sign up to asos premier? signing up to asos premier is as easy as 1, 2, 3… and, get this: when you sign up, any items you order will be delivered on our next day delivery service – absolutely free! click here to sign up now or search asos premier in the ‘search asos’ field and add it to your shopping bag or select asos premier as your delivery method at checkout on the confirm and pay page asos premier is available to all mainland uk customers (excl northern ireland). click here for more information on the fantastic benefits. how do deliveries and collections work with asos premier? once you’ve signed up to asos premier, you’ll select delivery types and book collections in the same way as before – you just won’t need to pay for them! your order can be delivered to or collected from any mainland uk address that is listed on your account, including business addresses. all you need to do is ensure there is someone there to take delivery. we'll handle the rest! click here to find out more about asos premier. how do i cancel my asos premier? once you’ve purchased asos premier, we reckon you’ll be pretty quick to take advantage of the fantastic, free of charge services included, but what if you don’t? no problem. if you don’t use the service within the first month, you can cancel it and we’ll refund the full amount you were charged. click here to contact us and we’ll cancel it for you. if you have had asos premier for more than a month, or you’ve used the service, then we won’t be able to offer you a refund, as per the terms and conditions of the service. if you have arranged any collections prior to your cancellation these will be cancelled. you can cancel asos premier under the uk distance selling regulations. how do i arrange a collection with asos premier? with your asos premier account, you’re entitled to one free collection with every order you place with us. all you need to do is place an order for a collection. if you’ve got items in your basket, you can order these at the same time, too! your collection will show up as free at the checkout. make sure you haven’t booked more collections than you’ve placed orders since you’ve been an asos premier customer, or you’ll be charged. you can order your collection from my account. if your order is late if your order hasn’t arrived by the estimated delivery date on your order confirmation email: check we have the correct delivery address for your order and your contact details are up to date by signing in to your account. check to see if you have a text message, email or attempted delivery card from one of our carriers. your parcel may be awaiting collection at a local post office or delivery depot, or you may need to arrange redelivery. check with your neighbours to see if they have accepted the parcel for you. looking in any safe areas the driver may have left your parcel, such as behind bins or in a shed, garage or porch. if you still can't find your parcel, get in touch with us using the contact us form and quote your order number. we'll look into it for you and if your parcel can’t be found we’ll arrange a replacement or refund for you, refund your delivery charge and give you 10% off your next order. if your order is wrong or faulty we want to sort out any issues with incorrect or faulty items straightaway. please contact our customer care team with the order number and the incorrect or faulty item's name and number. we'll get back to you within 4 hours. if we sent the wrong item, we’ll send the right item out to you within 24 hours and give you 10% off your next order. if you think an item you have received has a fault, see our returns policy here for more information. if you want to change or return something want to return something? no problem! uk customers - all we ask is that you make sure we know the order number your return relates to, your details and whether you want a refund or to change it for another size, colour or item. we can’t do this without these details, so make sure the returns form is filled out and placed in your returns parcel. international customers - all we ask is that you make sure we know the order number your return relates to, your details we’ll send you a refund within 48 hours of receiving your return. we can’t do this without these details, so make sure the returns form is filled out and placed in your returns parcel. for more information on returns click here the customer care team we aim to making shopping with asos easy and simple, but we know that you may have some questions so we’ve developed our help and contact area to help. hopefully, you will find the answers you are looking for. however, if you need to contact us, we’re here 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and you can email us via 'contact us'. we’ll let you know your query has been received, and will get back to you with an answer within 4 hours. alternatively you can use: facebook via asos twitter via @asos_heretohelp be sure to include as much information as possible in your email, post or tweet so we can investigate and get back to you quickly. asos blogs asos blogs is a place for anyone who loves fashion to talk about style, shopping, and of course ... asos! the community is made up of forums, groups, blogs and profiles so you can make this space all about you – your opinions, your ideas, your taste, your life. if you have any other questions about asos blogs, please click here press and media relations for all press and media relations enquires, please contact the pr team using press@asos.com. for international requests, please email internationalpress@asos.com. you can also use these email addresses to enquire about our extensive press sample loans service for journalists and stylists. for print ready seasonal pr images, please visit www.prshots.com/asos. partnership / commercial enquiries for all commercial and partnership enquires please email media@asos.com general marketing for any advertising or promotional opportunities please email marketing@asos.com i am a supplier please contact us if you are interested in selling your products on asos.com and specify what product groups you represent, e.g. mens, womens, beauty or outlet. investor relations for all corporate/shareholder enquiries please refer to our investor relations page corporate social responsibility for information and enquiries about our corporate social responsibility work and / or ethical sourcing policies, please contact csr@asos.com kate’s closet visit kate’s closet for fashion, celebrity style, outfit ideas and beauty. if you want to contact kate’s closet, simply click on the link under ‘get in touch’ on any kate’s closet page. medium rare visit medium rare for music, film, style advice and general awesomeness for men. if you want to contact medium rare, simply click on the link under ‘get in touch’ on any medium rare page. press play visit press play for the new music cocktail. if you want to contact press play, simply click on the link under ‘get in touch’ on any press play page. spotted visit spotted for your daily street style fix if you want to contact spotted, simply click on the link under ‘get in touch’ on any spotted page. what is asos fashion finder? asos fashion finder is the place to shop the best fashion trends, gain inspiration for that killer outfit for that special occasion, share ideas, be a part of our creative community and much more… you can also create your own personal style portfolio by creating outfits, uploading looks, plus you can enter competitions and compare style ideas with other fashion fans from around the world. you can find asos fashion finder by clicking on outfits & looks on the asos.com homepage or click here, enjoy! how do i become part of asos fashion finder? to become part of our creative community simply go to the asos fashion finder home page and click on ‘join’. you can create an account via your facebook or twitter account, meaning you don’t need to create and remember a new password. plus, you won’t need to validate your account, it will validate automatically, meaning you can comment, vote and upload right away. (don’t worry we won’t post anything to your profile or connect with any of your friends without your permission). if you’d prefer to sign up via your current email address, no problem. you’ll just need to validate your account by clicking on the validation link once you have logged into asos fashion finder. you must validate your account before being able to vote, comment and upload. for more details on validating your account check out on faqs. do i need to sign up again if i am already an asos.com customer? you do but it’s easy! simply go to the asos fashion finder home page and click on join. you can create an account via your facebook or twitter account, meaning you don’t need to create and remember a new password. plus, you won’t need to validate your account, it will validate automatically, meaning you can comment, vote and upload right away. (don’t worry we won’t post anything to your profile or connect with any of your friends without your permission). if you’d prefer to sign up via your current email address, no problem. you’ll just need to validate your account by clicking on the validation link once you have logged into asos fashion finder. you must validate your account before being able to vote, comment and upload. for more details on validating your account check out on faqs. if you are signing up for the first time: can i sign up with facebook or twitter? you certainly can! when you sign up to asos fashion finder with facebook or twitter, not only do you get all the benefits of fashion finder but you also get the opportunity to share it with your friends on facebook and twitter. all this with the added bonus of not needing to remember another password and once you have signed up you only need to click the ‘connect with facebook’ button and away you go. click the ‘join’ link in the header and select facebook or twitter logo you’ll get a pop up box asking you to log into your facebook or twitter account (if you aren’t already logged in). facebook and twitter will ask your permission to let us access some of your basic information. we’ll ask you to input a screen name (what you would like to be called on fashion finder) and if we haven’t collected your email address from facebook or twitter, you’ll need to let us know that as well. will facebook friends see everthing i am doing on fashion finder? no, this doesn’t happen automatically, they will only see what you choose to share with them. will my twitter followers see everything i am doing on fashion finder? no, this doesn’t happen automatically, they will only see what you choose to share with them. i’ve forgotten my asos fashion finder account password? don’t worry, we can send you an email to remind you what your password is. just click on ‘forgot your password’ on the login page, enter your email address and click ‘submit’ if you’re still having login problems, contact fashion finder support. can i change my password? you can change your password, your email address or any of your other details at any time just by visiting your profile page and clicking on the 'edit my info' button. why can’t i upload images onto my fashion finder account? if you sign up to asos fashion finder using an email account, you will need to validate before you can upload images and looks. you can validate one of two ways: we will send you a welcome email with a validation link. you need to click on the validation link or copy and paste it directly into your internet browser. alternatively you can validate your account via your facebook or twitter account. this is in place purely for your protection; it proves that you have actually made the request to join, and that the images you are uploading are really from you. if you haven't received this email it is possible that it may have gone into your spam or junk folder. if you still can't find it, you can trigger another email by clicking the 'resend welcome email' link on your profile page. the easiest way to avoid validation issues is to register via your facebook or twitter account. if you're still having problems please contact fashion finder support. i haven’t received a validation email? if you signed up via facebook or twitter your account will be automatically be validated. if you signed up via email it’s possible that the validation email may have gone into your spam or junk folder. if you still can't find it, you can trigger another email by clicking the 'resend welcome email' link on your profile page. if you're still having problems please contact fashion finder support. how do i follow my friends on asos fashion finder? social networking on asos fashion finder allows you to connect with and follow other members who inspire you. you can follow another asos fashion finder member by visiting their profile and clicking ‘follow’. you can also follow someone via one of their outfit or look pages. the list of members you follow will appear on your profile, alongside a list of members who follow you. the activities of members you follow will appear in the mini-feed on your profile page to keep you up-to-date with the goings-on in their world. you can follow and unfollow members as much as you like. you will be alerted when you have a new follower. for more information on how to follow members on asos fashion finder check out our faqs. i’m having trouble editing my profile? check out the faqs section on privacy settings and editing your personal profile. if you're still having problems please contact fashion finder support. how can i tell you about inappropriate content on asos fashion finder? we’ve put together some community guidelines we ask all our members to follow. these guidelines make sure you enjoy being part of the asos fashion finder community, have fun whilst staying safe and makes sure everyone is treated with respect. to report any inappropriate content, including issues of copyright, please click the “report” button on the content or contact us on fashion finder support. for more information on what is classed as inappropriate content check out our community guidelines. how can i enter an asos fashion finder competition or find out more? asos fashion finder has many fun and exciting competitions for you to get involved in. click here for a list of our current competitions. if you have won a competition or need more information on competitions please check out our faqs. alternatively, please contact fashion finder support. i’m a blogger, how can i get involved with asos fashion finder? if you’re a blogger there are lots of ways get involved and promote your blog on asos fashion finder. you can add your blog url and twitter url to your profile. this will show on all your looks and outfits and will give your followers a useful link back to your blog. you can also add the asos fashion finder blogger widget to your blog. click on the ‘blog-widgets’ tab on your profile, pick your design and copy and paste the link to your blog. your asos fashion finder profile will be just a click away for your blog followers. finally, you can take part in editorial features. we continually run editorial features targeted specifically at bloggers in our community, such as spotlight and the blogger style challenge. be sure to upload plenty of on-trend looks to be considered for these features. for more information, contact fashion finder support or check out our faqs. what is consumer direct? consumer direct is the government-funded telephone and online service offering information and advice on consumer issues. consumer direct is funded by the office of fair trading and delivered in partnership with local authority trading standards services. click here for more information responsible recycling of electronics uk waste electrical and electronic equipment (weee) regulations. recycling electrical and electronic products – what you need to know. for asos customers this means hair straighteners and watches. q. what are asos.com's obligations according to the weee directive? as a distributor of eee asos.com, must facilitate the take-back of household weee from uk consumers and has decided to fulfil its obligations in this area by joining the government approved "distributor take-back scheme" (dts) set up by valpak. by joining the valpak scheme asos.com is contributing to the establishment of a network of designated collection facilities (dcf) where consumers may dispose of their weee free of charge for recycling and treatment in an ecologically sound manner. in this way asos.com can ensure that weee is disposed of by customers in a way that optimizes its re-use and recycling. the recycling and treatment of weee itself is part of the producer's obligation under the weee directive. as a consequence of our membership of the valpak scheme asos.com will not accept returns of household weee itself and cannot accept weee returns for recycling, neither do we make arrangements for its collection. q. how will i know whether the new products i buy can be recycled? all new electrical and electronic products sold now carry a ‘crossed out wheelie bin’ symbol to help you identify which products are recyclable. you do not have to have purchased new electrical and electronic equipment to be able to recycle your old equipment. please help us to minimise the effect we all have on the environment by recycling your waste electrical and electronic products. q. how does asos.com ensure safe disposal of my weee? asos.com has decided to join the distributor take-back scheme (dts) commissioned by the british retail consortium. this scheme is run by valpak who are officially approved by the government. as part of this scheme we ask that you take your old piece of equipment to a designated collection facility (dcf) run by valpak in your area. an online search facility to help you identify a dcf near you is available on the following website: www.recycle-more.co.uk q. are there any other ways of disposing of my old electronic equipment? if your old piece of electronic equipment is still in a good working condition or could be repaired for further use, please consider donating it to a charitable organisation or by giving it to someone else in need. by extending the lifetime of your old equipment you are also contributing to the efficient use of resources and avoiding additional waste. q: why should i recycle my old electrical and electronic products? this is one of the fastest growing waste streams in the uk and our landfill sites are reaching full capacity. uk households dispose of over 1.2 million tonnes of electrical and electronic waste every year. this is the equivalent of 150,000 double-decker buses and would be enough to fill the new wembley stadium 6 times over. much of the uk's electronic waste ends up in landfill sites, where toxins put communities at risk much of this waste can be recycled and the resources recovered to make new consumer goods. we all have a part to play in protecting our environment for future generations. remember, you can also take your old clothes to oxfam to be recycled. how to set up an account see popup to watch video. how to add your payment details see popup to watch video. how to sign into your account see popup to watch video. how to buy an asos t-shirt see popup to watch video. how to use discount code see popup to watch video. how to change delivery method see popup to watch video. how to contact us see popup to watch video. asos customer care - live frequently asked questions how can i pay? i’m having technical issues how do i use my discount/promo code? can i amend my order? my order has not arrived yet i have received a faulty item i have received an incorrect item in my order an item is missing from my order how do i return something to you? have you received my returned items? shopping with asos have you got a catalogue? is it safe to order online? do i have to create an account to shop with you? how do i search for an item? size guides/care instructions can you give me more information about your products? the item i want is out of stock. will you be getting more stock? how do i use my discount/promo code? do you offer student discount? can i use more than one discount code? non eu vat how can i pay? what currencies can i use? when will i be charged? my payment has been declined can i amend my order? can i cancel my order? how do i cancel my order under the distance selling regulations? do you have an ethical sourcing policy? your asos account do i have to create an account to shop with you? how do i change details on my asos account? can i sign up for your asos newsletter? how can i pay? what currencies can i use? when will i be charged? my payment has been declined contacting asos can i contact you if i'm not the asos account holder? price promise what is price promise? how does price promise work? gift vouchers how do i buy a gift voucher? can i send a paper gift voucher? how do i use my gift voucher? the person i bought the gift voucher for hasn't received it, what can i do? what do i do if i have lost my gift voucher? can i return items bought with a gift voucher? can i cancel or return a gift voucher? student discount do you offer student discount? how do i use my discount/promo code? can i use my student discount with another discount code? technical i am having problems accessing your website i can’t see the catwalk videos items have disappeared from my shopping basket i can't sign into my account i don’t seem to be receiving my emails/newsletters from you is it safe to order online? uk delivery information how does your delivery service work? what is uk next day delivery? what is uk standard delivery? what is uk evening next day delivery? what is uk nominated day delivery? what is asos collect +? can i choose a specific delivery time or day for delivery? do you deliver to work addresses? do you deliver to po box addresses? do you deliver to bfpo? can i have my parcel redirected to a different address? is my order on its way to me? can i track my order? what happens if i'm not in when my order arrives? my order has not arrived yet? can i amend my delivery address? international delivery information how does your delivery service work? international delivery information international delivery destinations will i be charged customs and import charges? do you deliver to po box addresses? can i have my parcel redirected to a different address? can i track my order? i have been charged by us customs non eu vat my order has not arrived yet? what happens if i'm not in when my order arrives? once you have received your order i have received a faulty item i have received an incorrect item in my order an item is missing from my order the price has changed since i ordered it. can i get a refund? returns what is your returns policy? how do i return something to you? how do i return my order using collect + ? how do i use the collection service in the uk? i have lost my returns note will you refund me my delivery charge? i have been refunded the incorrect amount have you received my returned items? i returned an item and it was incorrectly refunded or replaced can i return items bought with a gift voucher? can i cancel or return a gift voucher? i’ve lost my usa returns note the product code on my delivery note is different from the website how do i cancel my order under the distance selling regulations? can i return aerosols, cosmetics, liquids, perfumes or batteries? how do i use the free royal mail returns to send back my items? asos premier what is asos premier? how do i sign up to asos premier? how do deliveries and collections work with asos premier? how do i cancel my asos premier? how do i arrange a collection with asos premier? our commitment to you we understand that delivering what you order, when you want it is the most important thing we have to do. if something goes wrong, and occasionally it does, then fixing it quickly becomes the only thing we have to do. if your order is late if your order is wrong or faulty if you want to change or return something contact asos the customer care team asos blogs press and media relations partnership / commercial enquiries general marketing i am a supplier investor relations corporate social responsibility asos blogs kate’s closet medium rare press play spotted asos fashion finder what is asos fashion finder? how do i become part of asos fashion finder? do i need to sign up again if i am already an asos.com customer? can i sign up with facebook or twitter? will facebook friends see everthing i am doing on fashion finder? will my twitter followers see everything i am doing on fashion finder? i’ve forgotten my asos fashion finder account password? can i change my password? why can’t i upload images onto my fashion finder account? i haven’t received a validation email? how do i follow my friends on asos fashion finder? i’m having trouble editing my profile? how can i tell you about inappropriate content on asos fashion finder? how can i enter an asos fashion finder competition or find out more? i’m a blogger, how can i get involved with asos fashion finder? general information what is consumer direct? responsible recycling of electronics how to videos how to set up an account how to add your payment details how to sign into your account how to buy an asos t-shirt how to use discount code how to contact us delivery and service update christmas returns and delivery 2012 frequently asked questions shopping with asos your asos account price promise gift vouchers student discount technical uk delivery information international delivery once you have received your order returns asos premier our commitment to you contact asos asos blogs asos fashion finder general information how to videos sign up for asos style news women men questions? help & contact delivery & returns track order contact us what's in store women men product a-z buy gift vouchers follow asos asos style news facebook twitter youtube more about asos corporate social responsibility jobs at asos investors more asos sites mobile and asos apps marketplace crooked tongues fashion finder visa, mastercard, paypal, american express, electron, laser, switch/maestro, delta, solo, ideal, dankort visit asos's international sites: united states france deutschland italia españa australia privacy & cookies terms & conditions accessibility store directory about us the celebrities named or featured on asos.com have not endorsed recommended or approved the items offered on site ©2012 asos.com ltd all rights reserved › › x