来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231231100/https://www.asos.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy & cookies | asos skip to main contentyour browser is not supportedto use asos, we recommend using the latest versions of chrome, firefox, safari or edgemarketplacehelp & faqswomenmensearch for items and brandssearchsign injoinmy accountmy ordersmy returnsreturns informationcontact preferencessaleshop by productsale selling fastsale new lines addedsale partywear sale view allsale dressessale topssale shoessale jeanssale jumpers & cardiganssale coats & jacketssale accessoriessale activewearsale bags & pursessale casual dressessale designer brandssale face + bodysale giftssale hoodies & sweatshirtssale jewellery & watchessale jumpsuits & playsuitssale last chance to buysale lingerie & nightwearsale shortssale skirtssale socks & tightssale sunglassessale swimwearsale t-shirts & vestssale trainerssale trousers & leggingssale wintera-z of brandsshop by editsale under £5sale under £10sale under £15sale under £20shop by brandasos brandstopshopnew innew productsview allnew in: todayclothingdressesshoescoats & jacketsjumpers & cardigansjeans & trouserssportswearaccessoriesface + bodylingerie & nightwearjoin asos premiertrendingasos your wayyour most hypedcosy coresequin stylessilver editski & snowboardtop savedclothingbrandsface + bodytrainersnew editsthe nye editcold-weather editclothingshop by productnew inbestsellersdressestopscoats & jacketsjumpers & cardigansjeansskirtstrousers & leggingshoodies & sweatshirtsco-ordsjumpsuits & playsuitssportswearblazersblousescargo trousersdesignerdress rentalexclusives at asoslingerie & nightwearloungewearmultipacksshirtsshortssocks & tightssuits & tailoringswimwear & beachweart-shirts & veststracksuits & joggersshop by body fitcurve & plus sizematernitypetitetallhourglassshop by editasos your waynew year's evepartywearasos basicsoccasionwearmodest fashiongiftingshop by editgifts for hergifts for himchristmas jumpersface + bodyadvent calendarschristmas pyjamaslingerie setscandles and diffusersstocking fillersaccessoriesslippersbestselling giftsshop by price pointgifts under £20gifts under £50luxury giftsasos premierctasother ctasdressesshop by typethe dresses destinationbestsellersview allnew injumper dressesshirt dresseslong sleeve dresseswedding guest dressesmini dressesmidi dressesmaxi dressesdress rentaltrending nownew year's eve dressessequin dressesblack dressessatin dressesbodycon dressesparty dressesshop by body fitcurve & plus sizematernitypetitetallcta x 3asos designtopshopdress rentalshoesshop by productview allnew intrainersbootsheelsheeled sandalsflat shoesslippersrunning trainerssandalswide fitshop by brandasos designnew balancedr martenscrocsuggnikeshop by trainer styleadidas originals sambaadidas originals gazelleadidas originals campusnew balance 530new balance 550new balance 327nike dunknike air force 1jordan 1converse chuck taylorvans old skooltrainer ctaswhite trainersnew szn bootsparty shoesaccessoriesshop by productview allnew ingiftsscarveshair accessorieshatsbeaniesglovessocks & tightsbeltssunglasseswatchescapsbestsellersshop by bagsview allcross body bagstote bagsshoulder bagsclutchesnew season bagsshop by jewelleryview allearringsnecklacesringsbraceletsplated jewelleryshop by editparty accessorieswinter accessorieswintershop by productview allbestsellersjumpers & cardiganstrousers & leggingsjumper dresseshoodies & sweatshirtsskirtsbootsbeaniesscarvesco-ordsglovesshop by editcozy coreessentialsparty prepchunky stylesshop jacketsview allpuffer jacketsgiletsleather jacketsbomber jacketsaviator jacketsshop coatsview allwinter coatstrench coatswool coatsrain coatsparkasface + bodyshop by productup to 30% off face + body brandsview allnew inmakeupskin carehair caregiftsbestsellersfragrancesminissuncare & tanningwellnessbody careshop by brandcliniquee.l.f.ghdhuda beautykylie cosmeticsmacnarsnyx professional makeupolaplexsol de janeirothe inkey listthe ordinarya-z of brandstrending nowgiftsbuyers picksbeauty stealsparty prepctas x3discover face + bodycliniquebenefitsportswearshop by productdiscover sportswearview allnew intrainerstopsleggingssports brasjacketshoodies & sweatshirtsshortsaccessoriesshop by activitylifestylegymrunningoutdoorsyoga & studioski & snowboardshop by brandadidasasos 4505conversenew balancenikethe north facectas 2discover nikebestselling trainersadidas topshopshop by productnew inbestsellersdressesjeanscoats & jacketsknitweartopstrousersskirtsshoesaccessorieslingerie & nightweartailoringcurvetallpetitesno: ski & snowboardctasdiscover topshopdressesctascoats & jacketsdenimbrandstop brandsa-z of brandsadidasbershkadesigner brandsmangomonkinew balancenew looknikepull&bearriver islandstradivariusreclaimed vintageshipped from our brand partnersasos brandsview allasos designasos editiontopshopcollusionmiss selfridgediscover brandsnew inoutdoorstreetweartrainersface + bodyemerging brandsfeaturedpull & bearbershkamarketplacevintage & independentview allnew indresseshoodies & sweatshirtsjumpers & cardiganscoats & jacketstopsjeans & trousersskirtsshoesaccessoriesshop by boutiqueold but gold vintagemessina hembrybatch1dia studiosdream but do not sleepatlas vintageskinnydipsugar + stylediscovershop all vintagectas desktop 2shop all emerging brandssaleshop by productsale selling fastsale new lines addedsale partywear sale view allsale t-shirts & vestssale shoes & trainerssale shirtssale jeanssale hoodies & sweatshirtssale jackets & coatssale accessoriessale activewearsale bagssale face + bodysale giftssale jewellery & watchessale jumpers & cardiganssale last chance to buysale loungewearsale polo shirtssale shortssale suits & tailoringsale sunglassessale swimwearsale tracksuitssale trainerssale trousers & chinossale underwear & sockssale wintera-z of brandsshop by editsale under £5sale under £10sale under £15sale under £20shop by brandasos brandstopmannew innew productsview allnew in: todayclothingshoest-shirts & vestscoats & jacketsjumpersjeans & trouserssportswearaccessoriesface + bodyunderwearloungewearjoin asos premierbrand dropsasos designadidasnew balancenikecarhartt wiptopmantop savedclothingbrandssportsweartrainersnew editsmodern staplesthe nye editclothingshop by productnew inbestsellerst-shirts & vestshoodies & sweatshirtsjeansshirtsjumpers & cardigansjoggerscargo trouserstrousers & chinossportswearco-ordsdesignerjackets & coatsloungewearmultipackspolo shirtsshortssockssuits & tailoringswimweartracksuitsunderwearshop by body fitplus sizetallshop by editasos your waynew years evepartywearasos basicsworkwearoccasionweargiftingshop by editgifts for himgifts for herchristmas jumpersface + bodyadvent calendarspyjamasunderwearfragrancesstocking fillersslipperst-shirtsbestselling giftsshop by price pointgifts under £20gifts under £50luxury giftsasos premierctasctas 2shoesshop by productview allnew intrainersbootsloafersrunning trainerssandalsshoessliders & flip flopsslipperssmart shoesshop by brandasos designnew balancenikecrocsdr martenslacosteshop by trainer styleadidas originals campusadidas originals gazellenew balance 550new balance 530new balance 327new balance 574nike dunknike air force 1jordan 1converse chuck taylortrainer ctasblack trainerschunky shoesoccasion shoesaccessoriesshop by productview allnew incaps & hatsbeaniesbeltsglovesscarvessunglassestieswatchessocksgiftsbestsellersshop by jewelleryview allnecklacesringsbraceletsearringscufflinksshop by bagsview allwalletsbackpacksduffle bagsbum bagsshopper bagscta1smart accessorieswinter accessoriessportswearshop by productdiscover sportswearview allnew intrainerstopsjoggersshortsjacketshoodies & sweatshirtstrousers & tightsaccessoriesshop by activitylifestylegymrunningoutdoorsfootballski & snowboardshop by brandadidasasos 4505conversenew balancenikethe north facectasdiscover nikenew balanceoutdoorswintershop by productview allbestsellershoodies sweatshirtsjumpers & cardiganstrousers & chinosfleecesjeansloungewearbootsbeaniesscarvesglovesshop by editessentialsparty prepoversizedaprès skishop jacketsview allpuffer jacketsgiletsleather jacketsbomber jacketsrain jacketsshop coatsview allovercoatstrench coatssmart coatsparkaspuffer coatsbrandstop brandsa-z of brandsadidasbershkacarhartt wipfred perrynew balancenew looknikepolo ralph laurenpull&bearthe north facejack & jonesshipped from our brand partnersasos brandsview allasos designasos 4505topmancollusionreclaimed vintagediscover brandsnew inoutdoorstreetweartrainersemerging brandsdesigner brandsfeaturedasos brandsbershkatopmanshop by productview allnew inhoodies & sweatsjackets & coatsjeansjoggersjumpers & cardigansmultipacksshirtsshortssuits & tailoringswimweart-shirts & veststrousers & chinosunderwear & loungewearctasdiscover topmanknitwearctasjackets & coatstrousersmarketplacevintage and independentview allnew incoats & jacketsjumpers & cardigansshirtst-shirtstrousers & shortsjeanshoodies & sweatshirtsshop by boutiquedream but do not sleepmessina hembrybatch1atlas vintagestaxstorediscovershop all vintagectas desktop 2shop all emerging brandsasosavailable in the play storeview in appget appx privacy & cookies: our promises we’ll always keep your data safe and secure. so you’re clued up, here’s why we need it and how we use it. our privacy promise watch video play mute full screen / 1. only the good stuff we will only use your data to process your order and deliver your products to you, improve our asos services, give you the most out of your asos experience, and keep you in the loop about things that might interest you. 2. locked down we’ll protect and secure your data. 3. straight talking we’ll always talk your language and be open – no nonsense, no surprises. 4. you're in control you decide if you want to hear from us and how you hear from us. 5. just the essentials no unnecessary information – if we don’t need it, we won't collect it. protecting your privacy at asos, we are 100% committed to protecting your privacy and security. we are customers ourselves of asos, so we totally appreciate and respect how important privacy is. for all asos services, the data controller — the company that’s responsible for protecting your privacy— is asos.com limited. full privacy notice • how we use your information • sharing your information • marketing messages • july 2023 marketing preference changes • seeing adverts for asos.com online • your information and countries outside the european economic area (eea) • keeping your information • your rights • changes to how we protect your privacy • cookies • contact us how we use your information we use your information in a number of different ways — what we do depends on the information. the tables below set this out in detail, showing what we do, and why we do it. your personal details, such as your name, date of birth, gender, address, email address, social media handle, marketplace username and phone number. what we do why we do it why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) identify you when you visit our website or contact us checking your identity helps us to keep your information safe from fraudsters we have a legal obligation to do this and it’s also important for asos as a business deliver your purchases to you it’s a bit hard to send your order if we don’t use your name and contact details! it’s an important part of our contract commitment to you send you account and service updates, order confirmations, and updates to our terms and conditions to keep you informed of any changes to asos services we have a legal obligation to do this, it’s an important part of our contract commitment to you, and it’s also important for us to keep you updated send you order updates so you know when your order is due to arrive it’s an important part of our contract commitment to you manage your participation in any promotions, offers, , or discount schemes, or competitions you choose to participate in to ensure you receive any discounts or offers relevant to you at the time (e.g. student discounts)., or that you can take part in any competitions you enter. this will either be an important part of our contract commitment to you (where that’s applicable), or we’ll do this with your consent. direct you to the right part of our website to get you to the products that you want faster it’s important to us that you get the best out of your asos shopping experience – that’s in both of our best interests send you information about our products and services we like to keep you up to date and help you get the best from our products and services (you can find out more in the section on marketing messages below) we’ll only do this with your consent - it’s up to you to choose when you hear from us and what you hear about but it’s also important for us to tell you about the best product and services we have to offer! send you surveys and to ask for other feedback. for you to tell us what you think and how we're doing. we’ll only send requests for consumer insight surveys if we have your consent to do so. for others, such as our customer service surveys, product reviews, or feedback requests, it's in both your and our best interests for us to send them to you so that we can improve our services and products for you. send you a discount code when you ‘refer a friend’ to asos so that you can share amazing asos discounts with your friends and family. we’ll only do this with your consent. reserve your spot at the asos pop up shop so that you can explore asos’s pop up shop and events you’re interested in we’ll only do this with your consent. your body size and shape, or your skin type, if you choose to tell us this what we do why we do it why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) we use a third party to help make recommendations about product suggestions we want you to love the products you buy from us - to help you get the right size or suggest a skincare product it’s important to us that you find the right products for you – it’s in your and our best interests your payment information this means your chosen payment method, for example your card details (don’t worry we don’t keep the security code) what we do why we do it why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) take payment and give refunds after all - we’re not giving all our stuff away! it’s important to us and an important part of our contract commitment to you keep a record of any financial transactions with you we need to know what you have paid for (and we have to tell the tax man about our income too!) we have a legal obligation to do this your contact history with us what you’ve said to us — for example, by email, on instant chat, on social media, or in private message. what we do why we do it why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) provide customer service and support after all, you expect the best service from us! it’s an important part of our service and also part of our contract commitment to you improve the services and support we provide to you so that you get the best possible customer service it's in your and our best interests for us to train our staff so that you get the greatest services and support from us purchase history and saved items what you’ve bought in the past, what you’ve searched for - including using our style match feature - what you’ve saved or added to a board for another time, and when you have asked us to tell you that something is back in stock. what we do why we do it why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) help you keep track of items you like, update you when we have new availability (our ‘back in stock’ emails) and let you share them, your way to help you get to the products that you like faster and so you can get the best out of our products and your account it’s up to you if you want to use these services but we would love you to share all our good stuff handle returns in accordance with ourterms and conditions and provide customer service and support because you expect the best service from us and, after all, we can’t provide a refund if we don’t know what you’ve bought! it’s an important part of our contract commitment to you analyse what you have bought, searched for, or returned, which helps us find out what you like. for style match, once we’ve shown you your search results we store the photo for one month and keep it separated from anything else that identifies you. to ensure we are giving you what you want, providing you with the best service we can, and so we can stay ahead of the competition. it is important for us to know your preferences – it’s in your and our best interests we match your purchases to links from affiliates who might have introduced you to asos or promoted a particular product when you visited their site. we share relevant purchase history with them, so they know when they have made a successful introduction we have a number of “introducers” who direct new customers to us or promote our products on their sites it is important for us to generate new customers through different sources – it’s in our best interests information about your phone or laptop, and how you use our website and app information collected when you browse our site or use our app, including your ip address and device type, how you use our website and app (such as the pages you visit and the products you look at) and, if you choose to share it with us, your location data. what we do why we do it why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) identify you when you visit our website if we can remember you, we can give you the best possible shopping experience. it is important for us that you get the best shopping experience – it’s in your and our best interests improve our website and set default options for you (such as language and currency) it’s important for us, and it’s much easier for you, if we know the language and currency you prefer, and it also helps us to protect your information it is important for us that you get the best shopping experience – it’s in your and our best interests send information about our products and services to you we like to keep you up to date and help you find products. you can find out more in our section on marketing messages below it is important for us to show you things we think you will like and that may make your asos experience better – it’s in your and our best interests show you asos.com adverts as your browse the web so you can see our latest products and deals that we think you will love it is important for us to show you things we think you will like – it’s in your and our best interests monitor visitors to our site and analyse their behaviour to protect our website and to help make our service better this is important for us (it’s in our best interests) and we have a legal obligation to do this in relation to fraud or malicious activity information from social media or accounts you link to us what we do if you use your social media or your third-party account to log in to asos. we will keep a record of your social media handle, and the other information that is made available to us according to your social media account settings. what we do why we do it why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) we allow you to use your social media account to log on to asos, simply and easily without having to create a specific account to make it easier for you to use asos.com and purchase those items you want! it is important for us that you get the best shopping experience – it’s in your and our best interests if you post comments about asos, tag asos or post photos to our social media pages what we do why we do it why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) monitor our customers views or opinions we may want to respond to you or react, particularly if you are unhappy with something. it is important for us to know what you think about us – it’s in your and our best interests if you tag asos or post to our pages, we may ask to use your photo, on our site or social media pages. the best representation of your asos style, is you! we want to celebrate you as well. it's up to you whether you agree we use public sources of information to help us investigate fraudulent activity to prevent and detect fraud against either you or asos – unfortunate, but absolutely essential it’s in our best interests to protect our service, to protect you and to stop this, and we also have a legal obligation to do so your responses to surveys, feedback and competitions what we do why we do it why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) we occasionally ask for feedback on our products or how you feel we are doing. generally, responses are anonymised but if you provide any personal details we may respond to you directly it makes good sense to check how you feel about us and your purchases from time to time and we can use this information to improve our service. it’s up to you whether you take part manage the competitions that you qualify for or enter into. we need to contact you about your entries and send you a prize if you are one of the winners. we need to let you know if you have met the entry requirements and if you win! if you take part, we will treat this as an important contract commitment to you allow you to rate and review the products you have purchased we want to know how you feel about us and your purchases so we can use this information to improve our service. it's up to you whether you take part other identifiable information what we do why we do it why we need to do it (the legal stuff!) we allocate you a unique number when you first shop with us (your customer id) this allows us to uniquely identify you it’s an important part of our contract commitment to you you don’t have to give us all of this personal information but if you don’t, you may not be able to buy from the site, and you are unlikely to receive our optimal overall customer experience. but that is your choice – and we respect that. we also anonymise and/or aggregate personal information (so that it does not identify you) and use it for purposes including testing our it systems, research, data analysis (for us and the brands sold through our site and app), improving our site and app, and developing new products and services. fraud prevention and detection we use any of the above categories of information to identify, prevent and detect fraud, against either you or against asos. detecting and preventing fraud is an unfortunate, butan absolutely essential part of our service and our contract commitment to you. legally, we have to do this, and it is very important for us. we also use purchase history data to protect our service and uphold our terms and conditions as part of our contract commitment to you, as part of this we may make use of computer-system decisions to protect asos and our service. your rights in relation to this are detailed below. sanctions screening we use any of the above categories of information to ensure that we comply with any sanctions requirements that we’re legally bound to adhere to. personalising your asos experience we use the data we collectto help us provide you with the best service, the best shopping experience and to show you the latest and greatest products and services that we think you will love. if you choose to interact with our online fashion assistant, tailor, we’ll process any of the personal data that you provide in order to provide you with the best responses. we’ll only do this with your consent though. sharing your information we share your data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you: companies in the asos group, as sometimes different parts of our group are responsible for different activities companies that do things to get your purchases to you, such as payment service providers, warehouses, order packers, and delivery companies brand partners that send purchases directly to you. we'll make it clear if this applies when you place your order. we may also share your personal information with brand partners if you raise a serious complaint about a product of theirs that you’ve purchased through asos or if you tell us that you haven’t received your order. professional service providers, such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts, who help us run our business affiliates who help us reach out to potential new customers or promote our products on their websites credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies so we can help tackle financial crime, including, but not limited to, fraud and sanctions all queries relating to asos’s credit card should be sent directly to our credit card partner, capital one. if you have an asos credit card and you contact us in relation to this, we’ll need to pass on your name and email address to capital one so that they can contact you directly and help to resolve your query. you may choose to take advantage of some of our additional services, in which case, depending on your choices we may share your data with the following categories of companies to fulfil the services you have asked for: social media sites (for example if you choose to use a social media account to login to asos) and other companies approved by you product advisors to help you choose the right products marketplace sellers where you place a marketplace order; and other third party payment providers, when you choose to use their payment services companies that we partner with to host competitions, and service providers that enable us to host those competitions, manage entries, contact winners and deliver prizes partners that help us provide services like our fashion assistant, tailor, or our ‘refer-a-friend’ feature if you would like to know more about the third-parties we may share personal data with, or how to find out more on how they will use your data, please contact us at the details below. we may provide third parties, such as our brand partners or marketing partners, with information about our customers and their purchases. before we do so, we will make sure that this information does not identify you, for example by aggregating it, anonymising it or removing personal identifiers from it unless we have your consent to share your information for marketing purposes. marketing messages if you have said we can, we’ll send you marketing messages to keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find our products and services. how to stop marketing messages from asos.com you can control the marketing communications you receive from us through the contact preferences section of your asos account. you also have the following options: emails:  you can also click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any marketing email you receive, and this will take you to the contact preferences section of your account so you can unsubscribe from that method of communication. text messages:  you can also text “stop” to the number provided within the communication and this will unsubscribe you from that method of communication. any method of marketing:  you can contact our customer care team.  once you do this, we will update our records to ensure that you don’t receive further marketing messages. if you tell us you don’t want to receive marketing messages it might take a few days for all our systems to be updated, so we would ask for your patience as you might get messages from us while we process your request. please note that opting out of marketing messages will not stop service communications, such as order updates, or where you have asked for a specific ‘back in stock’ notification. how to stop marketing messages from asos marketplace marketplace has a separate system for marketing preferences to our main asos websites and apps. all asos marketplace customers have the option to receive marketing communications from marketplace and/or selected third parties. if you decide you no longer want marketplace marketing communications, you can opt out by visiting my marketplace > my details on the asos marketplace website or you can click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any marketplace email. july 2023 marketing preference changes you may have received an email or push notification from us recently to let you know that your contact preferences are changing. we’ve simplified our marketing options from four options (discounts and sales, exclusives, newness, and partners) to one option (discounts and new drops). this means that if you were opted in to any of our four options, you’ve been opted in to our new option. if you weren’t opted in to any of the four options, you will remain opted out. you can change your preferences any time in ‘my account’ when logged in to the asos website or app. in addition to changing our marketing preferences, we’ve also made some changes to our app. we’ll now identify your push notification preferences according to you as an account holder, rather than by your device. this means that if you were logged in to the app on multiple devices, we’ve now synced your push notification preferences across your devices. if you were previously opted in to push notifications on one device, you’ll now be opted in to push notifications across all of your devices. you can change your preferences at any time in ‘my account’ when logged in to the asos app. if you have any queries or would like more information, please contact our data protection team. seeing adverts for asos.com online we use online advertising to keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find our products. you may see asos banners and ads when you are on other websites and apps, such as social media. we manage this through a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges. we also use a range of advertising technologies. the banners and ads you see are based on information we hold about you, or your previous use of asos (for example, your asos search history, and the content you read on asos) or on asos banners or ads you have previously clicked on. for more information on our use of advertising technologies and cookies, please see our cookie notice your information and countries outside the european economic area (eea) asos is a global business with operations inside and outside of the united kingdom and eea and we use suppliers and fulfilment centres located across the world. some of these locations will not offer the same level of protection for your personal data as the uk or the eea, but if we transfer your information to one of these locations we will take steps to ensure that your data and rights are protected through methods approved within the relevant data protection laws. please contact us if you would like further information about how we protect your transferred information. keeping your information we’ll hold on to your information for as long as you continue to be an asos customer and for as long as we are required to keep it to ensure we meet our legal requirements across the globe. if you no longer wish to be a customer you can contact our customer care team and request that we close your account. however, we have a legal requirement to keep some of your personal data even after you have asked us to delete it. we will only keep what we absolutely need to, and only to make sure we can meet our legal or regulatory requirements, honour our returns policy, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms & conditions. your rights you have a lot of rights relating to your personal information, although these are not absolute rights. your rights are: the right to be informed about how your personal information is being used (like this notice!) the right to access the personal information we hold about you the right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you (although you can probably do most of this through my account the right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances the right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do through my account the right to withdraw consent for any consent-based processing at any time the right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider the right to ask us to explain any automated decision about you the right to complain to your data protection regulator — in the uk, the information commissioner’s office if you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us. as a starting point, we have one month in which to respond to you. our contact details are at the end of this privacy notice. changes to how we protect your privacy we may change this page from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data. if we make significant changes, we will make that clear on the asos website or other asos services, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before you continue to use asos. cookies we use cookies and other tracking technologies (such as web beacons) on our website. for more information on cookies, please see our cookie notice. you can edit your cookie preferences here. how to contact us we always want to hear from our customers (especially if you feel we’ve let you down or could do better). if you: have any questions or feedback about this notice would like us to stop using your information want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a complaint please don’t hesitate to contact our customer care team or data protection team who will be happy to answer any questions you may have. you can also write to us at: asos data protection officer greater london house hampstead road london nw17fb uk asos data protection officer an der anhalter bahn 6 14979 grossbeeren germany v1.3 08.09.2023 facebookinstagramsnapchathelp & informationhelptrack orderdelivery & returnsasos premier10% student discountsitemapabout asosabout uscareers at asoscorporate responsibilityinvestors' sitecyber securitymore from asosmobile and asos appsasos marketplacegift vouchersblack fridayasos x thrift+refer a friendinfo for partnersdiscover the asos credit cardshopping from:you're inchange© 2024 asosprivacy & cookiests&csaccessibility