来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230080532/http://www.americanmusical.com/Recording
================================================================================

recording equipment at americanmusical.com welcome, login or new customer? my account track my order site map customer service american musical supply chat live 24/7 rebates catalog join our email list item:  0 add $29.95 to your cart for free shipping* 1-800-458-4076 home guitars bass live sound recording computerware keyboard dj drum accessories outlet zone cable finder martin | marshall | mackie | line 6 | korg | ibanez | gibson | epiphone | yamaha | schecter | roland | peavey | behringer | m-audio | see all brands | free shipping lowest price guarantee easy payments homerecording multitrack recordersportable digital recordersaudio masteringrecording packagespro tools softwaremixersstudio monitorsstudio workstationsstudio signal processorsrecording accessoriesblank recording mediarecording books cds and dvds related brands roderode accessoriesalesisalesis effectsalesis mixers and recordersalesis monitors and ampsalesis otherultimate supportultimate support featuredfurmanother furmangolden age projectdigitechdigitech vocalist harmonizersnative instrumentson-stagemark of the unicorn (motu)mark of the unicorn (motu) music softwareauralexeventidelifetimejoemeekhal leonardgeminiaphexsamsonsamson accessoriessamson microphonessamson mixerssamson pa speakerssamson processorssamson studio monitorsbossboss accessoriesboss digital recordersother bosslexiconlexicon featuredsonysony accessoriesgibraltarskbskb mixer casesskb other casesskb rack casesfostexfostex featuredstudio projectsstudio projects accessoriesstudio projects featureddynaudio acousticsarturiaartart microphone preampsother arttc electronicworld tourworld tour keyboard gig bagsikey audiodenonfocusritefocusrite featuredphonicik multimediapresonuswhirlwindse electronicsask videokrkez-dupemvpmvp recordingcentonbbeion audioion audio othernumarknumark featuredrolandother rolandroland accessoriesroland digital recordingroland expansion boardsvocoproneutrikneutrik featuredline 6line 6 accessoriesline 6 processorsm-audiom-audio accessoriesm-audio audio interfacesm-audio keyboardsm-audio microphone preampsm-audio monitorsother m-audiodbxmackiemackie accessoriesmackie computermackie mixersmackie pa speakersmackie studio monitorsspectrasonicsavidmemorextascamtascam accessoriestascam computer interfacestascam digital mixerstascam digital multitrackstascam stereo players-recorderstascam mixerszoomzoom accessorieszoom effectszoom recorderstc heliconavantoneraxxessraxxess accessoriesraxxess racksraxxess standsolympusevent studiocloud microphonesrain computersebtechjamhubadam audiobehringerbehringer accessoriesbehringer microphonesbehringer mixersbehringer pa speakersbehringer processorsother behringerbehringer studio monitorsfenderfender paallen and heathsm pro audioboseyamahayamaha accessoriesyamaha computer musicyamaha effectsyamaha mixersyamaha monitorsamerican musical supplypeaveypeavey accessoriespeavey mixersakaiakai featuredtdkkorgkorg digital recorderskorg djuniversal audiolittliteelectro-harmonixtranscendfxpansionhear technologiesd-tarcakewalkcakewalk music softwarecakewalk hardwaregatorgator casesdigidesignhosahosa accessoriesavalonrollsrolls featuredteactannoyjbla-data easy payment money back guarantee easy returns free shipping free extended warranty gift cards cable finder electric guitar buyers guide recording multitrack recorders - portable digital recorders - audio mastering - recording packages - pro tools software - mixers - studio monitors - studio workstations - studio signal processors - recording accessories - blank recording media - recording books, cds and dvds featured recording offers zoom r24 multitrack sd recorder controller and interface the revolutionary r16 from zoom is now reborn as the r24 with added features including a built-in sampler, drum machine, 8 additional recording tracks and 6 channels of phantom-power. zoom's r24 combines four production tools into one incredibly versatile device. learn more... tascam 2488 neo multitrack digital recorder featuring 8 mic inputs, tascam's 2488 neo recorder is up to the challenge of recording and mixing a full band. create a fully mastered cd with excellent mastering effects; reverb, amp simulation, compression and eq processing. tascam utilizes an easy-to-use interface, powerful preamps and all the effects needed to light up the charts. learn more... avid pro tools 9 music production software the next generation of pro audio production. open yourself to the possibilities. pro tools 9 redefines the world's most popular, most advanced music and audio production platform with a completely re-architected, open version of pro tools software, giving you what you asked for, and so much more. learn more... discounted recording gear!: huge savings on the best multitrack recorders, mixers, studio monitors and studio workstations on stage ws8700 arturia minimoog samson l3200 zoom r24 yamaha mg166c tascam dm4800 samson l3200 tascam dr07 yamaha mg124c tascam dr07 behringer b2031a yamaha hs50m here at americanmusical.com you get incredible deals on recording equipment from multitrack recorders and portable digital recorders to pro tools software and a variety of studio mixers. if you're just starting to build, you should check out our recording packages for a better price on multiple pieces of gear. if you're looking to expand, browse through our studio signal processors, audio mastering equipment or recording accessories and you'll find many products to expand your studio work environment. our extended warranty, easy payment plans and 24/7 customer service offers additional value to our customers. recording brands index: multitrack recorders tascam digital multitracks korg digital recorders boss digital recorders zoom recorders roland digital recording see all multitrack recorders audio mastering tascam recorders ez dupe duplicators sony mastering tascam accessories alesis mixers and recorders see all audio mastering mixers behringer usb audio mixers mackie recording mixers behringer 4 bus mixers mackie 4 bus mixers behringer stereo mixers see all mixers studio monitors mackie studio monitors samson studio monitors behringer studio monitors krk studio monitors jbl studio monitors see all studio monitors studio signal processors tc helicon vocal processors tc helicon harmonizers digitech vocal processors lexicon effects processors art mic preamps see all studio signal processors recording accessories auralex acoustic foam ebtech eliminators raxxess racks quiklok racks transcend sd card see all recording accessories blank recording media centon memory cards transcend memory cards lg electronics blank dvds memorex blank cds see all blank recording media recording books, cds and dvds mvp recording books hal recording books boss dvd owners manual ask dvds secret of the pros dvds see all recording books, cds and dvds other recording m-audio monitors yamaha monitors behringer mixers mackie mixers yamaha mixers recording learning center: recording resources recording mp3s recording videos recording rebates recording manuals recording outlet zone outlet multitrack recorders outlet audio mastering outlet studio monitors outlet studio signal processors multitrack recorders see all (28)digital recorders | multitrack accessories | multitrack expansion boards | tascam 2488 neo multitrack digital recorder the next generation of tascam's 24-track, 24-bit recorders. featuring 8 mic inputs, tascam's 2488 neo recorder is up to the challenge of recording and mixing a full band. create a fully mastered cd wit zoom r24 multitrack sd recorder controller and interface versatile recorder, controller and interface with built-in sampling!!the revolutionary r16 from zoom is now reborn as the r24 with added features including a built-in sampler, drum machine, 8 additional recording tracks and 6 channels of phantom-power. zoom's r24 combines four produc zoom r8 multitrack sd recorder controller and interface the zoom r8 multitrack sd recorder controller and interface is everything you need to start recording today! zoom takes the turbocharged design of the r24 and reduces the footprint for a portable, p portable digital recorders see all (21) zoom h4n handy portable digital recorder the zoom h4n is the most sophisticated portable handheld recorder with new features and improved user experience at every level. among its many new features, zoom’s h4n offers superior, built-in x/y stereo co zoom q3hd portable high definition audio video digital recorder the best sounding stereo recorder… now offers hd video! the q3hd from zoom combines breath taking 1080p hd video to their and brilliant stereo recording for an off the charts portable video r zoom h2 handy portable digital recorder the zoom h2 is a must-have for anybody doing podcasting to almost any type of mobile recording situation. an affordable 2-track recorder using a 4-mic capsule configuration and d audio mastering see all (17)cd recorders | cd duplicators | media recorders and duplicators | solid state recorders | tascam cdrw900sl cd recorder with mp3 audio playback the tascam cdrw900sl has quickly become one of the most popular cd recorders on the market. the cdrw900sl features a robust slot-loading transport, 24 bit a/d & d/a converters, mp3 playback, key contr teac cd-rw890 cd recorder with remote an excellent piece of studio gear for your home stereo system, project studio, or in a house of worship. the teac cd-rw890 cd recorder offers rca input and output to capture a stereo analog track that can be immedia tascam cc222slmkii cd and cassette recorder the tascam cc222slmkii cd and cassette deck now supports a more robust slot loading cd transport with adjustable pitch control. the cc222slmkii includes a riaa phono input which allows direct recording from a recording packages see all (10) ams deluxe recording support package start out strong with the ams deluxe recording support package! with all the essential components of a home studio, this recording package is a must for anyone who wants to make great quality record zoom r24 multitrack recording package the zoom r24 multitrack recording package includes everything you need to start making great quality recordings easily! use the r24 as a stand-alone digital recorder or as an interface to record on presonus audiobox studio bundle recording package including the audiobox portable, bus-powered, 2-channel usb interface, the audiobox studio from presonus offers a complete hardware and software recording kit for your mac or pc. with powerful, easy-to-use daw softw pro tools software see all (6) avid pro tools 10 music production software on the heels of avid's open pro tools 9 software, pro tools 10 audio recording software offers the next generation audio production software for powerful recording, composing, editing, and mixing music as well as ad avid pro tools 9 music production software the next generation of pro audio production open yourself to the possibilities. pro tools 9 redefines the world’s most popular, most advanced music and audio production platform with a compl avid pro tools 10 software activation card with ilok use the pro tools 10 software activation card to download the full version of avid's longtime favorite audio production software. the activation code along with the included ilok authorization key will get you start mixers see all (150)usb audio mixers | firewire audio mixers | 4 bus mixers | 8 bus mixers | 14 bus mixers | stereo mixers | digital mixers | specialty mixers | mixer accessories | mixer stands | mixer cases and bags | presonus studiolive 24.4.2 digital mixer free tascam dr07 mkii recorder! $149.99 value!presonus studiolive 24.4.2 digital mixer delivers the most creative environment possible for both live performance and studio music production. studiolive 24.4.2 is the most powerful and flexible 24 channel presonus studiolive 16.4.2 digital mixer free dust cover! $29.95 value!presonus studiolive 16.4.2 digital mixer; 16 channels and 4 busses never sounded so good! studiolive 16.4.2 is the most powerful and flexible sixteen-channel digital mixer the world has seen. loaded with presonus studiolive 16.0.2 digital mixer introducing a slimmed down direct descendent of presonus studiolive, the 16.0.2! following in the footsteps of the studiolive 24.4.2 and 16.4.2, the presonus studiolive 16.0.2 offers 16 channels and the same studio monitors see all (85)active/powered studio monitors | active/powered subwoofers | passive/unpowered studio monitors | desktop speakers | studio monitor stands | studio monitor controllers | studio monitor accessories | krk rp8g2 rokit g2 powered studio monitor free 1gb flash drive, stand and isolation pad!the krk rp8g2 rokit g2 powered studio monitor gives you amazing performance and accuracy for the home or project studio. all of the great stuff that rokit’s have been known for including fron krk rp5g2 rokit g2 powered studio monitor free 1gb flash drive, stand and isolation pads!the krk rp5g2 rokit g2 powered studio monitor takes this krk design to new heights. all of the great stuff that rokit’s have been known for including front-firing bass port, soft-domed krk rp6g2 rokit g2 powered studio monitor free 1gb flash drive, stand and isolation pads!the krk rp6g2 rokit g2 powered studio monitor takes this krk design to new heights. all of the great stuff that rokit’s have been known for including front-firing bass port, soft-domed tweete studio workstations see all (2) on stage ws7500 wood workstation on stage ws7500 wooden workstations are designed to be compact and attractive, perfect for the home studio! these workstations are ergonomically designed for maximum comfort and work efficiency. the on stage ws8700 total pro studio workstation the on stage stands ws8700 is an all-in-one solution to the demands of working musicians and producers. engineers, producers and composers among others will benefit from the outstanding design of this studio signal processors see all (106)harmonizers and vocal processors | multieffects processors | mic preamps | audio compressors | mastering processors | signal processor accessories | universal audio la610 mkii classic tube recording channel strip the la610 mkii new features include true compressor bypass, larger metering, improved output signal and an auto-sensing power supply have been added bringing the end user an enhanced user experience. the la610mkii i tc helicon voicelive touch vocal effects processor the tc helicon voicelive touch vocal processor and looper is truly the first instrument for your voice. at your fingertips, the voicelive touch combines tc helicon's best-selling vocal effects, vloop performance tc helicon voicelive 2 vocal effects processor pedal building on the impressive voicelive, tc helicon's voicelive 2 is easy to use with a completely redesigned user interface. the voicelive 2 has pushed the envelope of performance effects for vocalists yet again to of recording accessories see all (31)recording studio accessories | acoustic foam | recording care | patchbays | studio racks | auralex studiofoam 12x12x2 inch acoustic wedge auralex studiofoam absorbers reduce uncontrolled ambience and allow your ears and microphone to hear only the source, not what's bouncing off the walls and ceiling of your room! uncontrolled reflected sound is detri auralex studiofoam 12x12x2 inch acoustic wedge 24 pack uncontrolled reflected sound is detrimental to accurate recording, monitoring or mixing. studiofoam absorbers reduce uncontrolled ambience and allow your ears and microphone to hear only the source, not what's bounc auralex mopads monitor isolation pads auralex mopad monitor isolation pads provide sonic isolation between your monitors and whatever your monitors are resting on, instantly improving the accuracy of your entire monitoring system. n blank recording media see all (13)blank cds | memory cards | cassette tapes | lifetime secure digital memory card with everything we use memory cards for these days the lifetime secure digital memory card is the card you can count on to keep your media safe. they are built with the same attention to detail with lifetime secure digital memory card the lifetime secure digital memory card is the brand you can count on to keep all of your audio recordings and other media safe. each card is built with the same attention to detail with which the l memorex cdr80 blank cdr media keep your audio and data secure with a name you can trust! for all your digital needs from pictures to spreadsheets to music. these spindles of memorex discs are top-performing, 52x speed, 8 recording books cds and dvds see all (12)recording instruction videos and dvds | recording reference books | specific recording product videos | boss br1600cd dvd owners manual th br1600cd dvd is designed to show you the easiest and most effective way to navigate your way through your new br1600cd. this guided tour will teach you all the ins-and-outs of product operation, while providing y hal leonard quincy jones legacy series - q on producing book with dvd the first entry in a multivolume set that will be essential reading for aspiring producers and artists everywhere, q on producing presents the master's approach to making music. told to and compiled boss br1200cd dvd owners manual the br1200cd dvd is designed to show you the easiest and most effective way to navigate your way through your new br1200cd. this guided tour will teach you all the ins-and-outs of product operation, while our company need help? why we rock! resources follow us bizrate bizrate circle of excellence price grabber verisign secured shop: site map see all brands homeguitarsbasslive soundrecordingcomputerwarekeyboarddjdrumaccessories american musical supply, one of the world's largest musical instruments and equipment retailers offers our no-hassle/no-interest easy payment plans, free 12-month extended warranty, and a 45-day money back guarantee. ams brings you more than unbeatable deals on a huge inventory of musical instruments and accessories - we offer the best customer benefits in the business! you'll find the greatest selection of electric guitars, guitar effects, guitar amps, pa speakers, studio monitors, audio interfaces, digital pianos and studio gear anywhere. our customer service experts are available to you 24/7 by online chat, email, and phone. check out our exclusive extras: in-depth reviews, tech tips, and more! at ams, we are proud to be a part of the bizrate circle of excellence for customer service and satisfaction. be assured...when you buy musical instruments and equipment from ams, you buy from the best! copyright © 1996-2011 american musical supply, inc. all rights reserved. american musical supply is not responsible for typographical errors in pricing or product specification inaccuracies in our catalog or web site. prices are subject to change without notice. tools tap to call navigate site new day new deal my cart track order my account loading....