来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151229083719/http://www.americanmusical.com/content--name-Buyers-Guide
================================================================================

buyers guide at americanmusical.com american musical supply click to chat customer service my next payment my account catalog request newsletter sign up track order customer service catalog request newsletter sign up 1-800-458-4076 0 items 1-855-855-2468 home guitars bass live sound recording computer audio keyboard dj drum accessories outlet zone martin bose mackie line 6 electro voice fender gibson epiphone yamaha roland peavey behringer qsc ibanez taylor guitars see all fast & free shippingfree extended warrantyrock now paylater interest payment plansmedia center ams buyer's guides here at ams we understand that your search for the right musical gear may lead to a few questions. our buyer’s guides are designed with the customer in mind, in the interest of helping you make the best decision when it comes to choosing your gear. use these guides to educate yourself, and confidently make a well-informed selection on any instrument or accessory you may be interested in. ams buyer’s guides cover a wide range of products, and we’re constantly expanding and updating to cover even more. scroll or search to find the best buyer’s guide for you, and let us help you find the right equipment for your rig. with expertise in every product category we offer, ams has you completely covered with all of the information you need, so you can get right to making music! find a guide enter a search term (ex. guitar, amplifier, microphone): or select a general category below: electric guitar bass guitar acoustic guitar vocalist dj recording live sound keyboard drum other electric guitar guides covering all aspects of the electric guitar, including the instruments, amplifiers, pickups, effects pedals and boards, and wireless systems are all here. bass guitar even though it is similar to the electric guitar in many respects, the electric bass presents its own unique challenges when it comes to finding a specific instrument or accessory. use these guides to help clearly distinguish the differences and find what you need. acoustic guitar there are numerous options when it comes to the vast world of steel-string acoustic, acoustic-electric, and nylon-string classical guitars. everything you need to know about these instruments, their care and maintenance products, as well as information about purchasing specifically designed amplifiers and pickups can be found here. vocalist make your voice shine through on stage or in the studio with our guides on how to purchase the right microphone setup for your performance. dj you know you want to thrill a crowd with your collection of music, creating your own sets and remixing your favorite tracks. now find your direction with information on purchasing turntables, cdjs, digital controllers, software, speakers, and accessories in these buyer’s guides. recording looking to set up a dedicated home recording studio or assemble a portable rig that is ready to capture audio absolutely anywhere? these buyer’s guides will focus on your specific needs as an audio engineer. live sound whether you need to install a fixed setup in a venue or need audio delivery that is portable and effective, the proper live sound rig makes all of the difference. be absolutely sure you have everything necessary with the help of these buyer’s guides. keyboard there are hundreds of models of personal keyboards, digital stage pianos, synthesizers, and workstations on the market. these guides will address all of their unique qualities and help you make the decision to purchase one that is best for you. drum learn what constitutes an acoustic or electric drum set and how to distinguish between different levels of quality. these guides also point out how to grow your setup with additional hardware and ready yourself with the necessary accessories needed to play. other looking for information on something more obscure and can’t quite find what you’re looking for? all of our miscellaneous guides focusing on less conventional instruments and niche specialties are compiled here. alternative guitar buyer's guide the decision to purchase a guitar shouldn’t automatically limit you to only the biggest name brands. this ams buyer’s guide discusses other guitar varieties that showcase their own sound and sense of style. learn more headphone buyer's guide ams profiles earbuds for enjoying personal music, options for djs and engineers, and in-ear monitors for the stage. let us help you find the right pair of headphones for your musical situation. learn more studio monitor buyer's guide ams helps bring out the fullest potential of your musical projects with the right monitors and subwoofers, all while showing you how to best use them for an accurate mix in your recording space. learn more bluegrass buyer's guide bluegrass and americana include a large family of instruments with a storied folk culture and history. this new ams buyer's guide discusses what you will need to help find that sound. learn more personal keyboard buyer's guide a portable and accessible personal keyboard is an absolute necessity for pianists and composers, this guide from ams will help you pick the instrument that best suits your musical needs. learn more dj buyer's guide choosing the right dj gear from a seemingly endless selection can feel confusing and overwhelming. let ams put you at ease and answer all of your questions with our in depth dj buyer's guide. learn more bass guitar buyer's guide it takes top-shelf gear to bring that low end, and a bass player's one-stop shopping destination is ams. if you've never purchased a bass before we will help you find it. learn more digital piano buyer's guide this guide will help you to understand the features, functions, and common concepts of the digital piano, allowing you to find the perfect instrument to meet your specific needs. learn more drum buyer's guide whether you're buying your first drum set or you're building a set that would make neil peart jealous, it's important to know which gear you'll need and this guide will help you find it. learn more handheld recorder buyer's guide learn how to capture the sounds of your life no matter where you are, from multi-channel field recorders to stereo point-and-shoot units and video recorders, this guide has you covered. learn more electric guitar buyer's guide whether you're buying your first guitar or your 10th guitar, it's important to know which instrument will suit your needs best and the ams buyer's guide will help you find it. learn more pickup buyer's guide one of the easiest and most affordable ways to change the tone of your instrument is by changing the pickups. this guide explores various types of pickups, and their respective tones. learn more workstation vs arranger workstations and arranger keyboards represent the latest technologies and the best ideas each manufacturer has to offer. this buyer's guide will help you decide which option to choose. learn more acoustic amplifier buyer's guide the acoustic guitar amp might look a lot like a traditional electric guitar amp but there are a few differences. this guide will cover the main options for amplifying your acoustic-electric guitar. learn more cut the cord - a guide to wireless guitar systems a wireless guitar system allows you to explore the furthest reaches of the stage and make the whole venue your playground. this guide will help you cut the cord and enjoy your wireless freedom. learn more acoustic guitar buyer's guide acoustic guitars come in a variety of sizes and shapes and are constructed of several species of wood. the different iterations give each instrument its distinctive tone and feel, its personality! learn more acoustic guitar care guide this guide will cover all the essentials of guitar maintenance, from proper humidity to what type of oil to use on your fretboard. protect your guitar and make sure it is around for years to come. learn more turntable buyer's guide can’t decide which turntable is best for you? this guide breaks down the differences and lets you know what to look for when shopping for a turntable, no matter what you'll be using it for! learn more qsc buyer's guide get an in-depth view of qsc's incredible line of active loudspeakers in this guide! find out what makes the k series, kw series, and kla series favorites among professionals and hobbyists alike. learn more shure wireless buyer's guide shure has always been on the cutting edge of modern mic design and technology. this guide walks you through the latest in high-performance wireless systems from shure. learn more interactive pa system buyer's guide a new pa system is the ideal solution to sounding your best. this guide will take some of the "guess-work" out of purchasing a pa system in four simple steps. learn more pedal flow 101 with so many options available, setting up a pedalboard can be a very details process. this guide will lead you through suggestions and rules of thumb to follow to get the most out of your signal chain. learn more pedalboard buyer's guide this buyer's guide will walk you through some common pitfalls experienced when assembling a pedalboard and how to avoid them, as well as setting up a signal chain and more! learn more nylon guitar buyer's guide learn the ins and outs of nylon string guitars and the differences between classical and flamenco. you'll also learn how the construction of these guitars sets them apart. learn more history of vox learn about the history behind one of the world's greatest guitar amplifiers and how the vox ac15 and ac30 amplifiers have become icons of classic and modern music. learn more microphone buyer's guide searching for the right microphone can be daunting with all the choices available. this interactive guide will help you find the perfect microphone for your needs! check it out today! learn more home recording buyer's guide learn about the gear that goes into making the ultimate home studio! from interfaces to studio monitors and plugins, let us help you make the right choices for your home studio. learn more singer-songwriter buyer's guide learn about the tools of the trade for singer-songwriters and how this gear can inspire you to write music! from guitars and amps to pa systems and accessories, this guide has you covered. learn more marshall handwired series buyer's guide find out about the latest in marshall handwired series amps! marshall has gone to incredible lengths to achieve maximum authenticity in construction methods and components used. learn more a synth buyer's guide this buyer's guide will shine a light on some features that may not have been apparent to even savvy synth buyers. from analog emulation to pure analog, this guide has you covered. learn more the heavy metal periodic table the world of metal features many subgenres that all have a style of their own. learn about commonly used gear for many of these subgenres in this heavy metal periodic table. learn more pedal power - a guitar pedal buyer's guide a player's choice of pedals reveals a lot about their style. while some prefer a pure tone, others indulge in soundscapes ranging from trippy psychedelic to bone crushing distortion. learn more top headphone picks for djs one of the most important items any dj needs is a good-quality set of headphones for accurate monitoring, blending, and mixing. this guide will help you find the best dj headphones for you. learn more pioneer dj buyer's guide the pioneer dj division has been a leader in dj equipment for years. they've applied their pro dj knowledge to the new controller market that has recently taken the dj-world by storm. learn more fender passport buyer's guide having a gig almost always means a lot of pa setup including several trips with heavy gear. fender's passport pa systems ensures that the only thing heavy at your gig will be the applause. learn more tiki hut - ukulele buyer's guide the ukulele is known for its unique sonic characteristics and ability to add a new range and feel to any song. check out some videos along with a brief history of the ukulele in this buyer’s guide. learn more sitemap customer service ams advantage payment plans resources bizrate circle of excellence verisign secured copyright © 1996-2015 american musical supply, inc. all rights reserved. american musical supply reserves the right to correct pricing and/or product specifications in the event of typographical errors found in our print catalog or on our website. if a product is listed at an incorrect price due to such errors or because of inaccurate information received from a supplier, american musical supply shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed, whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, american musical supply will issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. tools tap to call home media center my cart track order my account site map customer service loading....