来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161119020347/http://www.americanmusical.com/content--name-Buyers-Guide
================================================================================

buyers guide at americanmusical.com give us a call: 1-800-458-4076 click to chat customer service my account catalog request newsletter sign up facebook twitter google+ youtube instagram american musical supply fast & free shipping free extended warranty interest payment plans 0 mobile menuhomeguitarselectric guitars6 string electric guitars7 string electric guitars8 string electric guitars12 string electric guitarsleft handed electric guitarsview allguitar ampsguitar combo ampsguitar amp headsguitar amp cabinetsguitar stacksacoustic guitar amplifiersview allguitar effectsguitar multi effectsguitar distortion pedalsguitar reverb and delay effectsguitar amp modeling effectsguitar wah pedals view allacoustic electric guitars6 string acoustic electric guitars12 string acoustic electric guitarsacoustic guitars6 string acoustic guitars12 string acoustic guitarsacoustic guitar casesleft handed acoustic guitarsacoustic guitar packagesview allguitar stringselectric guitar strings6 string acoustic guitar strings12 string acoustic guitar stringsclassical guitar stringsguitar accessoriesaccessory packagesguitar tunersguitar standsguitar picksguitar strapsview allguitar pickupselectric guitar pickupsacoustic guitar pickupsnylon string guitarsnylon string acoustic electric guitarsnylon string acoustic guitarsnylon string guitar packagesnylon string guitar casesukulelesconcert ukulelessoprano ukulelestenor ukulelesspecialty ukulelesstringed instrumentsmandolinsbanjosresonator guitarselectric violinslap steelsview allguitar books cds and dvdsguitar music booksguitar instruction books and cdsguitar instruction videos and dvds basselectric bass guitars4 string electric bass guitars5 string electric bass guitars6 string or more electric bass guitarselectric bass guitar packagesleft handed bass guitarsbass guitar ampsbass guitar combo ampsbass guitar amp headsbass guitar amp cabinetsbass guitar preampsbass guitar effectsbass guitar pedalsbass guitar multi effects pedalsbass guitar strings4 string bass guitar strings5 string bass guitar strings6 or more string bass guitar stringsbass guitar direct boxesbass guitar casesbass guitar bagsacoustic bass guitarsbass guitar pickupsbass guitar books cds and dvdsbass guitar instruction videos and dvdsbass guitar instruction books and cds live soundpa speakerspa speakers poweredpa speakers unpoweredpa subwoofersstage monitorsin ear monitor systemspower amplifierswireless systemswireless microphone systemsguitar wireless systemsother wireless systemswireless system accessoriesmicrophoneshandheld dynamic microphonesdynamic instrument microphonesheadset microphoneshandheld condenser microphonesminiature microphonesview alllive sound mixerspowered mixerslive sound 4 bus mixerslive sound stereo mixerslive sound digital mixerslive sound specialty mixersview allpa systemspa speaker accessoriesreplacement speakerscompression driversspeaker grills, clamps and acc'sspeaker stand bags and accspa speaker standsmicrophone standsmicrophone straight standsmicrophone boom standsstudio microphone standsshort microphone standsmicrophone accessoriesboom armsdrum microphone clamps, claws and mounts microphone casesmicrophone clips and shockmountsmicrophone pop filtersview alllive sound signal processorsaudio equalizerscrossoversfeedback eliminatorsaudio enhancersactive direct boxesview allaudio playerscd playerscassette recordersipod and mp3 player accessoriesview all recordingmixersdigital mixersusb audio mixersfirewire audio mixers4 bus mixersstereo mixersview allportable digital recordersstudio monitorsactive/powered studio monitorsactive/powered subwooferspassive/unpowered studio monitorsdesktop speakersstudio monitor standsview allmultitrack recordersdigital recordersmultitrack accessoriesrecording microphonescondenser microphonesusb microphonesribbon microphonesstereo microphonesshotgun microphonesrecording packagesvideo recordersstudio signal processorsharmonizers and vocal processorsmultieffects processorsmic preampsaudio compressorssignal processor accessoriesaudio masteringcd recorderssolid state recordersrecording accessoriesrecording studio accessoriesacoustic foamrecording carepatchbaysstudio racksstudio workstationsblank recording mediablank cdsmemory cardsview all computer audioaudio interfacesfirewire audio interfacesusb audio interfacesthunderbolt audio interfacespci audio interfacesaudio interface accessoriesview allcontrol surfacesmusic recording softwaremusic production softwaremastering softwaresoftware synthesizers and samplersaudio plug-insmusic educational softwareview allplug in dsp cardsguitar softwaremidi interfacesusb midi interfacesmidi routerscomputer accessories keyboardsynthesizerskeyboard synthesizersdesktop/rack synthesizersworkstationsarrangersproduction/groovecontrollerskeyboard controllerskeyboard pedal controllerswind controllerspersonal keyboardsdigital pianosdigital home pianosdigital stage pianosorganssamplerskeyboard accessorieskeyboard standskeyboard bencheskeyboard caseskeyboard bagskeyboard coversview allkeyboard ampsthereminsview all djdj control surfacesdj mixersdj cd systemsdj cd playersdj turntablesdj audio interfacesdj lightinglighting effectsstage lightslaser lightslighting packageslighting standsview allkaraoke playersdj effectsdj accessoriesdj turntable cartridgesdj stylusview all drumdrum sets5 piece drum sets6 piece drum sets3 - 4 piece drum sets7 piece drum setsdrum set expansion kitselectronic drumselectronic drum setsone piece electronic drumselectronic drum moduleselectronic drum triggerselectronic drum hardwareview alldrum machinesdrum hardwarebass drum pedalscymbal standshi-hat standshi hat clutchessnare drum standsview allcymbalscymbal packscrash cymbalshi hat cymbalssplash cymbalschina cymbalsview alldrum accessoriesdrum sticksdrum headsdrum casesdrum bagsbrushes and rodsview allsnare drumswood snare drumsmetal snare drumskids drums and percussionpercussioncongasbongoscajon drumsdjembesother world percussionview alldrum books, cds, and dvds accessoriesaudio cablesinstrument cablesmicrophone cablescable accessoriesinterconnect cablesspeaker cablesview allheadphonesaudio headphonesdj headphoneswireless headphonesnoise reduction headphonesearbudsview allheadphone ampsheadphone amplifiersheadphone distribution systemsgift cards/certificatesmusic standsmetronomesharmonicasother books, cds and dvdsmusic clothing brandsmartinbosemackiepioneerelectro voicefendergibsonepiphoneyamaharolandshurejblqscibaneztaylor guitarsview alloutlet zoneoutlet guitarsoutlet electric guitarsoutlet guitar ampsoutlet guitar effectsoutlet acoustic electric guitarsoutlet acoustic guitarsview alloutlet bassoutlet electric bass guitarsoutlet bass guitar ampsoutlet bass guitar effectsoutlet bass guitar casesoutlet acoustic bass guitarsview alloutlet live soundoutlet pa speakersoutlet in ear monitor systemsoutlet power amplifiersoutlet wireless systemsoutlet microphonesview alloutlet recordingoutlet mixersoutlet portable digital recordersoutlet studio monitorsoutlet multitrack recordersoutlet recording microphonesview alloutlet computer audiooutlet audio interfacesoutlet control surfacesoutlet music recording softwareoutlet midi interfacesoutlet computer accessoriesoutlet keyboardoutlet synthesizersoutlet workstationsoutlet arrangersoutlet production/grooveoutlet controllersview alloutlet djoutlet dj control surfacesoutlet dj mixersoutlet dj cd systemsoutlet dj cd playersoutlet dj turntablesview alloutlet drumoutlet drum setsoutlet electronic drumsoutlet drum machinesoutlet drum hardwareoutlet cymbalsview alloutlet accessoriesoutlet audio cablesoutlet headphonesoutlet headphone ampsoutlet music stands verify your shipping zip code ams buyer's guides here at ams we understand that your search for the right musical gear may lead to a few questions. our buyer’s guides are designed with the customer in mind, in the interest of helping you make the best decision when it comes to choosing your gear. use these guides to educate yourself, and confidently make a well-informed selection on any instrument or accessory you may be interested in. ams buyer’s guides cover a wide range of products, and we’re constantly expanding and updating to cover even more. scroll or search to find the best buyer’s guide for you, and let us help you find the right equipment for your rig. with expertise in every product category we offer, ams has you completely covered with all of the information you need, so you can get right to making music! find a guide enter a search term (ex. guitar, amplifier, microphone): or select a general category below: electric guitar bass guitar acoustic guitar vocalist dj recording live sound keyboard drum other electric guitar guides covering all aspects of the electric guitar, including the instruments, amplifiers, pickups, effects pedals and boards, and wireless systems are all here. bass guitar even though it is similar to the electric guitar in many respects, the electric bass presents its own unique challenges when it comes to finding a specific instrument or accessory. use these guides to help clearly distinguish the differences and find what you need. acoustic guitar there are numerous options when it comes to the vast world of steel-string acoustic, acoustic-electric, and nylon-string classical guitars. everything you need to know about these instruments, their care and maintenance products, as well as information about purchasing specifically designed amplifiers and pickups can be found here. vocalist make your voice shine through on stage or in the studio with our guides on how to purchase the right microphone setup for your performance. dj you know you want to thrill a crowd with your collection of music, creating your own sets and remixing your favorite tracks. now find your direction with information on purchasing turntables, cdjs, digital controllers, software, speakers, and accessories in these buyer’s guides. recording looking to set up a dedicated home recording studio or assemble a portable rig that is ready to capture audio absolutely anywhere? these buyer’s guides will focus on your specific needs as an audio engineer. live sound whether you need to install a fixed setup in a venue or need audio delivery that is portable and effective, the proper live sound rig makes all of the difference. be absolutely sure you have everything necessary with the help of these buyer’s guides. keyboard there are hundreds of models of personal keyboards, digital stage pianos, synthesizers, and workstations on the market. these guides will address all of their unique qualities and help you make the decision to purchase one that is best for you. drum learn what constitutes an acoustic or electric drum set and how to distinguish between different levels of quality. these guides also point out how to grow your setup with additional hardware and ready yourself with the necessary accessories needed to play. other looking for information on something more obscure and can’t quite find what you’re looking for? all of our miscellaneous guides focusing on less conventional instruments and niche specialties are compiled here. universal audio buyer's guide this ams buyer's guide highlights the universal audio apollo line of thunderbolt, firewire, and usb 3.0 audio interfaces and plug-ins that are the choice of professional and project recording studios worldwide. learn more electro-voice buyer's guide electro-voice is a world leader in live sound and this ams buyer's guide will take you through all the features of their renowned loudspeakers, subwoofers, and microphones – helping you find the perfect fit for your musical needs! learn more keyboard controller buyer's guide with this handy buyer's guide, ams shows you how the right keyboard controller, paired with your computer, can guide your digital audio workstation (daw) and music software to help you compose, produce, and perform! learn more guitar string buyer's guide guitar strings are made using different methods and materials at varying levels of thickness. no matter if you play electric, acoustic, or classical, this ams buyer's guide will help you find the guitar strings for your exact needs. learn more recording microphone buyer's guide having hundreds of microphones to choose from can be a bit overwhelming. let our ams microphone buyer's guide help you find the right mics for your needs and educate you on their specific uses for recording and live sound. learn more live sound buyer's guide this new ams buyer's guide is the ultimate manual to running a proper live sound setup. everything you'll need from microphones and pa speakers to powered amps, mixers, and all of the proper accessories are discussed here. learn more power amplifier buyer's guide getting a powered source of audio signal safely through a speaker system requires the right power amplifier. our new ams buyer's guide helps you easily understand the technical language and detailed aspects of power amplifiers. learn more pioneer dj buyer's guide this buyer's guide will help you choose the correct pioneer dj gear for your needs. whether you're into using your computer or not, this guide has you covered with controllers, stand-alone units, and dj mixers. learn more digital mixer buyer's guide this ams buyer's guide discusses the digital mixer (sometimes referred to as a console, board, desk or combination thereof) and how it has become the brain of sound reinforcement systems and recording studios. learn more headphone buyer's guide ams profiles earbuds for enjoying personal music, options for djs and engineers, and in-ear monitors for the stage. let us help you find the right pair of headphones for your musical situation. learn more studio monitor buyer's guide ams helps bring out the fullest potential of your musical projects with the right monitors and subwoofers, all while showing you how to best use them for an accurate mix in your recording space. learn more bluegrass buyer's guide bluegrass and americana include a large family of instruments with a storied folk culture and history. this new ams buyer's guide discusses what you will need to help find that sound. learn more personal keyboard buyer's guide a portable and accessible personal keyboard is an absolute necessity for pianists and composers, this guide from ams will help you pick the instrument that best suits your musical needs. learn more dj buyer's guide choosing the right dj gear from a seemingly endless selection can feel confusing and overwhelming. let ams put you at ease and answer all of your questions with our in depth dj buyer's guide. learn more bass guitar buyer's guide it takes top-shelf gear to bring that low end, and a bass player's one-stop shopping destination is ams. if you've never purchased a bass before we will help you find it. learn more digital piano buyer's guide this guide will help you to understand the features, functions, and common concepts of the digital piano, allowing you to find the perfect instrument to meet your specific needs. learn more drum buyer's guide whether you're buying your first drum set or you're building a set that would make neil peart jealous, it's important to know which gear you'll need and this guide will help you find it. learn more handheld recorder buyer's guide learn how to capture the sounds of your life no matter where you are, from multi-channel field recorders to stereo point-and-shoot units and video recorders, this guide has you covered. learn more electric guitar buyer's guide whether you're buying your first guitar or your 10th guitar, it's important to know which instrument will suit your needs best and the ams buyer's guide will help you find it. learn more pickup buyer's guide one of the easiest and most affordable ways to change the tone of your instrument is by changing the pickups. this guide explores various types of pickups, and their respective tones. learn more workstation vs arranger workstations and arranger keyboards represent the latest technologies and the best ideas each manufacturer has to offer. this buyer's guide will help you decide which option to choose. learn more acoustic amplifier buyer's guide the acoustic guitar amp might look a lot like a traditional electric guitar amp but there are a few differences. this guide will cover the main options for amplifying your acoustic-electric guitar. learn more cut the cord - a guide to wireless guitar systems a wireless guitar system allows you to explore the furthest reaches of the stage and make the whole venue your playground. this guide will help you cut the cord and enjoy your wireless freedom. learn more acoustic guitar buyer's guide acoustic guitars come in a variety of sizes and shapes and are constructed of several species of wood. the different iterations give each instrument its distinctive tone and feel, its personality! learn more acoustic guitar care guide this guide will cover all the essentials of guitar maintenance, from proper humidity to what type of oil to use on your fretboard. protect your guitar and make sure it is around for years to come. learn more turntable buyer's guide can’t decide which turntable is best for you? this guide breaks down the differences and lets you know what to look for when shopping for a turntable, no matter what you'll be using it for! learn more qsc buyer's guide get an in-depth view of qsc's incredible line of active loudspeakers in this guide! find out what makes the k series, kw series, and kla series favorites among professionals and hobbyists alike. learn more shure wireless buyer's guide shure has always been on the cutting edge of modern mic design and technology. this guide walks you through the latest in high-performance wireless systems from shure. learn more interactive pa system buyer's guide a new pa system is the ideal solution to sounding your best. this guide will take some of the "guess-work" out of purchasing a pa system in four simple steps. learn more pedal flow 101 with so many options available, setting up a pedalboard can be a very details process. this guide will lead you through suggestions and rules of thumb to follow to get the most out of your signal chain. learn more pedalboard buyer's guide this buyer's guide will walk you through some common pitfalls experienced when assembling a pedalboard and how to avoid them, as well as setting up a signal chain and more! learn more nylon guitar buyer's guide learn the ins and outs of nylon string guitars and the differences between classical and flamenco. you'll also learn how the construction of these guitars sets them apart. learn more history of vox learn about the history behind one of the world's greatest guitar amplifiers and how the vox ac15 and ac30 amplifiers have become icons of classic and modern music. learn more microphone buyer's guide searching for the right microphone can be daunting with all the choices available. this interactive guide will help you find the perfect microphone for your needs! check it out today! learn more home recording buyer's guide learn about the gear that goes into making the ultimate home studio! from interfaces to studio monitors and plugins, let us help you make the right choices for your home studio. learn more singer-songwriter buyer's guide learn about the tools of the trade for singer-songwriters and how this gear can inspire you to write music! from guitars and amps to pa systems and accessories, this guide has you covered. learn more marshall handwired series buyer's guide find out about the latest in marshall handwired series amps! marshall has gone to incredible lengths to achieve maximum authenticity in construction methods and components used. learn more a synth buyer's guide synthesizers (synths) have been a huge part of music for over fifty years! explore the building blocks of using pure analog and analog emulation hardware along with software synths in this new ams buyer's guide. learn more the heavy metal periodic table the world of metal features many subgenres that all have a style of their own. learn about commonly used gear for many of these subgenres in this heavy metal periodic table. learn more pedal power - a guitar pedal buyer's guide a player's choice of pedals reveals a lot about their style. while some prefer a pure tone, others indulge in soundscapes ranging from trippy psychedelic to bone crushing distortion. learn more fender passport buyer's guide having a gig almost always means a lot of pa setup including several trips with heavy gear. fender's passport pa systems ensures that the only thing heavy at your gig will be the applause. learn more tiki hut - ukulele buyer's guide the ukulele is known for its unique sonic characteristics and ability to add a new range and feel to any song. check out some videos along with a brief history of the ukulele in this buyer’s guide. learn more facebook twitter google+ youtube instagram sign up to our email newsletter join fast & free shipping free extended warranty interest payment plans day return policy customer service contact us how to order track your order shipping info reviews returns security wishlist payment plans ams advantage warranty site map shop guitars bass live sound recording computer audio keyboard dj drum accessories outlet zone catalog request what started as a simple string and pedal sales catalog has grown exponentially over the past thirty years. the early days were a time where catalogs didn't have much of a presence in the industry, but what began as a college dorm room operation grew rapidly. in 1986 we moved to a full product offering and 64-page catalog, which over the years has grown to 162 pages. join the ams family and get your free catalog now! sign up need help? customer service 1-800-458-4076 customerservice@americanmusical.com 7 days/week 8am - midnight eastern time product assistance 1-800-458-4076 tech@americanmusical.com mon - fri 9am - 6pm eastern time credit approval 1-877-276-3711 creditdept@americanmusical.com mon - fri 8am - 8pm eastern time sat 9am - 1pm eastern time payments 1-877-281-8332 acctserv@americanmusical.com mon - fri 8am - 8pm eastern time sat 9am - 1pm eastern time bizrate circle of excellence verisign secured privacy policy copyright © 1996-2016 american musical supply, inc. all rights reserved. american musical supply reserves the right to correct pricing and/or product specifications in the event of typographical errors found in our print catalog or on our website. if a product is listed at an incorrect price due to such errors or because of inaccurate information received from a supplier, american musical supply shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed, whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, american musical supply will issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. don't miss our black friday deals & more! be the first to hear about black friday deals, new products, rebates and exclusive content! loading....