来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231064555/https://www.americanmusical.com/content--name-Privacy-Policy
================================================================================

privacy policy at americanmusical.com skip to main content skip to notice of accessibility skip to privacy page american musical supply fast free shipping free extended warranty 0% interest payment plans accessibility have a question? 800-458-4076 my account my account my account need help? my orders wish list x 0 accessibility mode is on. back to full site. american musical supply 1-800-458-4076 privacy statement effective date: 12/19/2019 american musical supply respects the privacy of our website visitors and customers. we believe it is important that you understand the kinds of data we collect about you, how we protect that data, and how it is used. we recognize the need for appropriate safeguards and management of personal data you provide to us. this privacy policy (“policy”) sets forth the privacy principles american musical supply follows with respect to your personal data. this privacy statement covers all personal data (information that relates to or that can be used to identify you) by american musical supply at its website www.americanmusical.com (the “site”). this policy does not describe information collection policies and practices of websites and platforms that we do not provide, own, or control, including those linked to or integrated with our site. it also does not cover information you may choose to share with other users of the site. we encourage you to review this policy periodically. your use of the site constitutes your consent to the terms contained herein. we will periodically update this policy, and any changes will be reflected here. we will notify existing customers of any material changes by email or via your account. if you have any questions about this policy or how we use your personal data, please feel free to contact us at [email protected] contents what personal data do we collect? how do we collect your personal data? how does american musical supply use the personal data we collect? your choices who do we share your information with? third party sites privacy rights security consent to transfer contact us what personal data do we collect? when using the american musical supply site, we may collect information you voluntarily share with us, including any content, record, or electronic communication of any kind, including without limitation: contact information, including identifiers such as name, full shipping address, country of residence, phone number, username, password, and email address. financial information related to payment or requested credit account, including name, email address, billing address, credit card information, banking information, telephone number, social security number (to establish a credit account and track available credit) and other information necessary to complete a transaction or purchase. commercial information, such as a record of products or services purchased, and the date and time the transaction occurred. inferences, such as product and service preferences including your preference in receiving marketing information received from our third parties, product feedback and survey responses. internet information, such as ip address, gps, login data, browser, time zone, geographical location and any other unique identifier (a set of numbers or characters assigned to your computer, mobile phone or other device used when you are on the internet) tied to your device when visiting our site, and information about how you use and interact with our site. the period for which we retain your personal information varies, depending on the type of personal information and the purpose for which it was collected. for example, we retain your order information for as long as you are a customer to ensure that you have access to order history. the retention duration is limited to time necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected, in light of any restrictions or deletions you might request, as well as our need to address our legal obligations or rights. california residents please see your california privacy rights below for more information. how do we collect your personal data? when you interact with us we collect your personal data when you interact with the site, including when you: make a purchase on the site subscribe to emails / newsletters request services or seek support participate in promotions and surveys give feedback about products, services, or website cookies, web beacons and other technologies automated technologies or interactions cookies, pixel tags, embedded scripts, lsos, priority code cookies are stored on your computer’s hard drive and identify your web browser and the activities of your computer on the site and other websites. most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you may disable them. cookies help us facilitate efficient site navigation, improve your experience on the site, facilitate your shopping session, allow us to take note of visits to the site and show relevant ads on our site and across the internet. action tags, also known as web beacons or single pixel gifs, are a web technology used to help track website usage information, such as how many times a specific page has been viewed. action tags are invisible to you. any portion of the site, including advertisements or emails sent on our behalf, may contain action tags. action tags can be used to count site users, to deliver services, or to determine whether email messages have been opened or acted upon. action tags may be used to conduct research on behalf of certain clients, to compile statistics for advertising purposes, for auditing purposes, or to report certain aggregate information. by using these identifiers together, we are able to gather information to improve the site and measure the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns. embedded urls perform many of the same functions as cookies and we may utilize them as a tracking tool to collect non-personal data. embedded urls are exhibited as plain text or encoded extensions to the url that appear in the browser address or location toolbar. they provide limited non-personal data about navigation on the site during the current session. most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. the methods for doing so vary from browser to browser and from version to version. you can obtain information about blocking and deleting cookies from your browser’s settings. you may also manage preferences regarding cookies by visiting https://allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. cookie settings from third parties we may collect information from our third party providers, including analytics providers advertising networks identity verification services credit reporting agencies (as applicable) payment & delivery services how does american musical supply use the personal data we collect? we may use your personal data: to provide the site to you, including: to determine whether our services are available in your country; to determine your preferred language; to process your registration and account creation with the site, including verifying your contact information is active and valid; to identify you as a user in our system; to process transactions you initiate, process payments and provide accurate billing and shipping; and to improve our website, product and service offerings, and develop new products and services. to communicate with you, including: to provide you with information, products or services that you have requested or agreed to receive; to send you administrative e-mail, such as order confirmations, order status updates, security, or support and maintenance advisories; to bill you for products or services to notify you about changes to our service; and to contact you with regard to your use of the site and, in our discretion, changes to the site’s policies or functionality. to personalize your experience on the site, including: to customize our site and its contents to your interests and your device; to customize and tailor your experience on the site, for example, by displaying content that we think you might be interested in; and to improve the quality of experience when you interact with our site for internal business purposes. to comply with our legal obligations and protect our other users, including: for compliance, fraud prevention and safety, including enforcing our terms of service and this privacy policy, protecting our rights privacy, safety, or property and/or that of you or others, and protecting against, investigating or deterring fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity; to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; to perform other functions as described at the time of collection, with your consent, or as further described in this privacy policy. your choices opt-out or unsubscribe to marketing messages we do not send any direct marketing emails unless you opt-in. you may choose to opt-in to receive direct marketing emails on the site in the future, if you do not wish to have your e-mail address or other contact information used for promotional purposes, you should follow the american musical supply opt-out policy. please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account (for example, administrative and service announcements, shipping notices, and order confirmations) and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you opt-out from marketing communications from american musical supply. choosing not to share personal data you may choose not to provide us with any personal data. in such an event, you may still be able to access and use some portion of the site; however, you may not be able to access and use those portions that require your personal data. where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that information when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). in this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time. children’s information the site are not directed to children under the age of 18. we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 18. if we learn that a child under the age of 18 has provided us with personal information, or that such personal information has otherwise been inadvertently collected, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law. who do we share your information with? service providers and contractors as part of american musical supply’s operation of its site, we may contract with third-party providers to perform certain functions, including fulfilling orders, processing payments, and customer service. these third parties may have access to personal data to the extent necessary to permit them to assist american musical supply in performing the functions set forth above. any such third party that processes your information for these purposes agrees to do so in accordance with our instructions and in accord with this policy. merger, sale or other transaction we may disclose information about you to a successor organization in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other sale or disposition of all or a portion our assets. the successor organization’s use and disclosure of your personally-identifiable information will continue to be subject to this policy unless (i) a court orders otherwise, for example a bankruptcy court; or (ii) the successor organization gives you notice that your personal data will be subject to the successor organization’s own policy, along with an opportunity for you to opt out (which may cause you not to be able to continue to use our services). if you submit personal data after such a transfer, that information may be subject to the successor entity’s policy. third party sites third party sites may contain links to other sites. please be aware that american musical supply is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave the site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website. this privacy policy applies solely to information collected by american musical supply’s site. privacy rights you have the right to request that we: provide you with access to your personal data, correct your personal data or erase your personal data. we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your personal data you may access and correct your online account information at any time by contacting our customer support team. if you wish to ask that we erase your account information, please email us at [email protected], but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. california residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. please see your california privacy rights below for more information. effective july 1, 2023, connecticut residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. please see your connecticut privacy rights below for more information. effective july 1, 2023, colorado residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. please see your colorado privacy rights below for more information. nevada residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. please see your nevada privacy rights below for more information. effective july 1, 2023, utah residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. please see your utah privacy rights below for more information. effective january 1, 2023, virginia residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. please see your virginia privacy rights below for more information. security to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to allow only the appropriate use of your personal data, we utilize industry standard physical, technical, and administrative controls and procedures to safeguard the information we collect. however, you should recognize there is always some risk involved in transmission of information over the internet or in a method of electronic storage. consent to transfer american musical supply’s site is operated in the united states. if you are located outside of the united states, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the united states. by using our site , or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the united states, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. contact us if you have any questions or comments about this policy, the practices or use of the site, please feel free to contact us by email at [email protected], or by mail to the following address: 8 thornton road, oakland, nj 07436, attn: privacy office. state privacy rights information we collect we have collected the following categories of information in the past 12 months: category of personal information sources of personal information how we use this personal information categories of third parties we share this information with contact information (including identifiers such as name, full shipping address, country of residence, phone number, username, password, and email address) you identity verification services to fulfill your orders, process your account registration, to communicate with you service providers; contractors financial information (including billing address, credit card information, banking information, telephone number and other information necessary to complete a transaction or purchase). you credit reporting agencies to process your payments service providers; contractors commercial information (including record of products or services purchased, and the date and time the transaction occurred). you our payment & delivery services to process our orders and comply with our legal obligations service providers; contractors inferences (including marketing, product and service preferences) analytics providers advertising networks you to personalize the site for you service providers; contractors internet information (including ip address, gps, login data, browser, time zone, geographical location and any other unique identifier used to identify you or your device). cookies and other technology analytics providers to personalize the site for you service providers; contractors social security number you to establish a credit account and track available credit service providers; contractors your california privacy rights effective date: january 1, 2020; amendment effective date: january 1, 2023 this privacy notice for california residents supplements and is expressly made part of the information contained in american musical supply’s american musical’s privacy policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of california (“consumers” or “you”). we adopt this notice to comply with the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa), as amended by the california privacy rights act of 2020 (cpra). any terms defined in the ccpa or cpra have the same meaning when used in this notice. i. disclosure of personal information we disclose personal information to our service providers and contractors, as described in this privacy policy. american musical supply does not and will not sell the personal information of consumers. in the preceding twelve (12) months, american musical supply has not sold personal information. ii. your rights and choices the ccpa provides consumers (california residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your ccpa, as amended by the cpra, rights and explains how to exercise those rights. right to access your information. you have the right to request that american musical supply disclose what personal information we have collected used or disclosed over the past 12 months. right to request deletion. you have the right to request that american musical supply delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising consumer rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. right to opt out. you have the right to opt-out of both the sale and sharing of personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising; opt-out of automated decision-making/profiling technology in connection with decisions with significant or legal effects; and opt-out of the processing of sensitive personal information. right to access information about automated decision making. you have the right to request that american musical supply provide information about the logic involved in automated decision-making and a description of the likely outcome of the process. right to correct information. you have the right to request that american musical supply correct your personal information if it is inaccurate. right to limit sensitive personal information. you have the right to limit american musical supply’s use and disclosure of sensitive information to information that is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods reasonable expected by an average consumer who requests such goods and services. right to non-discrimination. we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your ccpa, as amended by the cpra, rights. exercising consumer rights. to exercise the consumer rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: calling us at +1 800-977-7058, or completing this webform at https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/b2f7e560-8793-48c2-8e87-55da45894146/02d954b8-9c35-4fd9-b167-de93e00065f5 only you, or a person registered with the california secretary of state that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. if you or an authorized agent submit a consumer request up to two times in a 12 month period at the toll-free number or website posted above, we will respond in accordance with the ccpa: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. response format we will deliver our written response electronically. you may also request that we provide your personal information to another entity, to the extent it is technically feasible. in this case, we will deliver our written response to the identified entity electronically. any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. iii. other california privacy rights california’s “shine the light” law (civil code section § 1798.83) permits users of our site that are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please send an email to [email protected] your connecticut privacy rights effective date: july 1, 2023 this privacy notice for connecticut residents supplements and is expressly made part of the information contained in american musical supply’s https://www.americanmusical.com/content--name-privacy-policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of connecticut (“consumers” or “you”). we adopt this notice to comply with the connecticut data privacy act (ctdpa). any terms defined in the ctdpa have the same meaning when used in this notice. i. disclosure of personal information we disclose personal information to our service providers and contractors, as described in this privacy policy. american musical supply does not and will not sell the personal information of consumers. in the preceding twelve (12) months, american musical supply has not sold personal information. ii. your rights and choices the ctdpa provides consumers (connecticut residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your ctdpa rights and explains how to exercise those rights. right to access your information. you have the right to confirm whether a american musical supply is processing your personal data and access such personal data, unless such actions would reveal a trade secret. you have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information from american musical supply, in a portable, and to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to easily transmit the data. right to correct. you have the right to request american musical supply correct inaccuracies in your personal data. right to request deletion. you have the right to request that american musical supply delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising consumer rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. right to opt out. you have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of: targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. right to opt in for processing of sensitive personal information. you have the right to opt in to the processing of sensitive data. right to non-discrimination. we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your ctdpa rights. exercising consumer rights. to exercise the consumer rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: calling us at +1 800-977-7058, or completing this webform at https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/b2f7e560-8793-48c2-8e87-55da45894146/74220835-9cd6-4a72-af6f-d80c677df702 only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. if you or an authorized agent submit a consumer request up to two times in a 12 month period at the toll-free number or website posted above, we will respond in accordance with the ctdpa: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. response format we will deliver our written response electronically. you may also request that we provide your personal information to another entity, to the extent it is technically feasible. in this case, we will deliver our written response to the identified entity electronically. any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. your colorado privacy rights effective date: july 1, 2023 this privacy notice for colorado residents supplements and is expressly made part of the information contained in american musical supply’s https://www.americanmusical.com/content--name-privacy-policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of colorado (“consumers” or “you”). we adopt this notice to comply with the colorado privacy act (cpa). any terms defined in the cpa have the same meaning when used in this notice. i. disclosure of personal information we disclose personal information to our service providers and contractors, as described in this privacy policy. american musical supply does not and will not sell the personal information of consumers. in the preceding twelve (12) months, american musical supply has not sold personal information. ii. your rights and choices the cpa provides consumers (colorado residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your cpa rights and explains how to exercise those rights. right to access your information. you have the right to confirm whether a american musical supply is processing your personal data and access such personal data. you have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information from american musical supply, in a portable, and to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to easily transmit the data. right to correct. you have the right to request american musical supply correct inaccuracies in your personal data. right to request deletion. you have the right to request that american musical supply delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising consumer rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. right to opt out. you have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of: targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. right to opt in to processing of sensitive data. you have the right to opt in to the processing of sensitive data. right to appeal. you have the right to appeal if american musical supply fails to take action regarding a request to exercise your consumer rights or declines to respond. exercising consumer rights. to exercise the consumer rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: calling us at +1 800-977-7058, or completing this webform at https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/b2f7e560-8793-48c2-8e87-55da45894146/b8e3e8a8-b609-4748-add9-b6bb5a2213ed only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. if you or an authorized agent submit a consumer request up to two times in a 12 month period at the toll-free number or website posted above, we will respond in accordance with the cpa: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. response format we will deliver our written response electronically. you may also request that we provide your personal information to another entity, to the extent it is technically feasible. in this case, we will deliver our written response to the identified entity electronically. any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. your nevada privacy rights effective date: october 1, 2019 this privacy notice for nevada residents supplements and is expressly made part of the information contained in american musical supply’s https://www.americanmusical.com/content--name-privacy-policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of nevada (“consumers” or “you”). we adopt this notice to comply with the nevada online privacy law. any terms defined in the nevada online privacy law have the same meaning when used in this notice. i. disclosure of personal information we disclose personal information to our service providers and contractors, as described in this privacy policy. american musical supply does not and will not sell the personal information of consumers. in the preceding twelve (12) months, american musical supply has not sold personal information. ii. your rights and choices nevada nevada residents have certain privacy rights as specified under nevada law. our privacy policy and the privacy controls we offer to all users are in line with these laws—this notice assures we cover the nevada-specific requirements. do not sell notice we do not sell your covered information, as defined under chapter 603a of the nevada revised statutes. if you still have questions about your covered information or anything else in our privacy policy, please contact us using the contact information below. your utah privacy rights effective date: december 31, 2023 this privacy notice for utah residents supplements and is expressly made part of the information contained in american musical supply’s https://www.americanmusical.com/content--name-privacy-policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of utah (“consumers” or “you”). we adopt this notice to comply with the utah consumer privacy act (ucpa). any terms defined in the ucpa have the same meaning when used in this notice. i. disclosure of personal information we disclose personal information to our service providers and contractors, as described in this privacy policy. american musical supply does not and will not sell the personal information of consumers. in the preceding twelve (12) months, american musical supply has not sold personal information. ii. your rights and choices the ucpa provides consumers (utah residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your ucpa rights and explains how to exercise those rights. right to access your information. you have the right to confirm whether a american musical supply is processing your personal data and access such personal data. you have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information from american musical supply, in a portable, and to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to easily transmit the data. right to request deletion. you have the right to request that american musical supply delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising consumer rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. right to opt out. you have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of: targeted advertising or the sale of personal data and processing of you sensitive data. right to non-discrimination. we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your ucpa rights. exercising consumer rights. to exercise the consumer rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: calling us at +1 800-977-7058, or completing this webform at https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/b2f7e560-8793-48c2-8e87-55da45894146/9374bcab-4dcd-4c92-97fa-fd888c256ee0 only you, your parent or legal guardian (for a child) or guardian or conservator, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. if you submit a consumer request up to two times in a 12 month period at the toll-free number or website posted above, we will respond in accordance with the ucpa: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. response format we will deliver our written response electronically. you may also request that we provide your personal information to another entity, to the extent it is technically feasible. in this case, we will deliver our written response to the identified entity electronically. any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. your virginia privacy rights effective date: january 1, 2023 this privacy notice for virginia residents supplements and is expressly made part of the information contained in american musical supply’s https://www.americanmusical.com/content--name-privacy-policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of virginia (“consumers” or “you”). we adopt this notice to comply with the virginia consumer data protection act (vcdpa). any terms defined in the vcdpa have the same meaning when used in this notice. i. disclosure of personal information we disclose personal information to our service providers and contractors, as described in this privacy policy. american musical supply does not and will not sell the personal information of consumers. in the preceding twelve (12) months, american musical supply has not sold personal information. ii. your rights and choices the vcdpa provides consumers (virginia residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your vcdpa rights and explains how to exercise those rights. right to access your information. you have the right to request that american musical supply disclose what personal information we have process and access the personal information. you have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information from american musical supply, in a portable, and to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to easily transmit the data. right to rectification. you have the right to request that american musical supply correct inaccuracies in your personal data. right to request deletion. you have the right to request that american musical supply delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained or information that we obtained about you, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising consumer rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. right to opt out. you have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of: targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. right to opt in. you have the right to opt in to the processing of your sensitive personal information. right to non-discrimination. we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your vcdpa rights. exercising consumer rights. to exercise the consumer rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: calling us at +1 800-977-7058, or completing this webform at https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/b2f7e560-8793-48c2-8e87-55da45894146/778a17ff-06f4-4cb2-9e80-6983e1bac06a only you, or a parent or legal guardian (for a child), may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. if you or an authorized person submit a consumer request up to two times in a 12 month period at the toll-free number or website posted above, we will respond in accordance with the cdpa: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. response format we will deliver our written response electronically. you may also request that we provide your personal information to another entity, to the extent it is technically feasible. in this case, we will deliver our written response to the identified entity electronically. any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. contact information if you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which american musical supply collects and uses your information described above, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under virginia law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: phone: +1 800-977-7058 email: [email protected] postal address: american musical supply attn: ams privacy office 8 thornton road oakland, new jersey 07436 united states american musical supply footer links customer service help customer serviceopen / close 1-800-458-4076 [email protected] product assistanceopen / close 1-800-458-4076 [email protected] credit departmentopen / close 1-877-276-3711 [email protected] paymentsopen / close 1-877-281-8332 [email protected] contact us ams quick links newsletter site map accessibility privacy policy do not sell/share my info track your order returns payment plans warranty notice at collection copyright © 1996-2022 american musical supply, inc. all rights reserved. social media links facebook opens a new window. twitter opens a new window. youtube opens a new window. instagram opens a new window. give us a call: 1-800-458-4076 close sign up now & get $20 off your next order sign up & save now! access exclusive sales and more! plus, get up to $20 off your next order. please enter numbers only - no (), dashes, spaces. texts are automated and consent is optional, not a condition of purchase.message and data rates may apply. terms and conditions subscribe & get up to $20 off! the latest deals, giveaways, and more are here. sign up & get your reward today. close loading.... loading....