来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231064555/https://www.americanmusical.com/content--name-Buyers-Guide
================================================================================

buyers guide at americanmusical.com skip to main content skip to notice of accessibility skip to privacy page american musical supply fast free shipping free extended warranty 0% interest payment plans accessibility have a question? 800-458-4076 my account my account my account need help? my orders wish list x 0 accessibility mode is on. back to full site. american musical supply 1-800-458-4076 ams buyer's guides here at ams we understand that your search for the right musical gear may lead to a few questions. our buyer’s guides are designed with the customer in mind, in the interest of helping you make the best decision when it comes to choosing your gear. use these guides to educate yourself, and confidently make a well-informed selection on any instrument or accessory you may be interested in. ams buyer’s guides cover a wide range of products, and we’re constantly expanding and updating to cover even more. scroll or search to find the best buyer’s guide for you, and let us help you find the right equipment for your rig. with expertise in every product category we offer, ams has you completely covered with all of the information you need, so you can get right to making music! find a guide enter a search term (ex. guitar, amplifier, microphone): or select a general category below: electric guitar bass guitar acoustic guitar vocalist dj recording live sound keyboard drum other electric guitar guides covering all aspects of the electric guitar, including the instruments, amplifiers, pickups, effects pedals and boards, and wireless systems are all here. bass guitar even though it is similar to the electric guitar in many respects, the electric bass presents its own unique challenges when it comes to finding a specific instrument or accessory. use these guides to help clearly distinguish the differences and find what you need. acoustic guitar there are numerous options when it comes to the vast world of steel-string acoustic, acoustic-electric, and nylon-string classical guitars. everything you need to know about these instruments, their care and maintenance products, as well as information about purchasing specifically designed amplifiers and pickups can be found here. vocalist make your voice shine through on stage or in the studio with our guides on how to purchase the right microphone setup for your performance. dj you know you want to thrill a crowd with your collection of music, creating your own sets and remixing your favorite tracks. now find your direction with information on purchasing turntables, cdjs, digital controllers, software, speakers, and accessories in these buyer’s guides. recording looking to set up a dedicated home recording studio or assemble a portable rig that is ready to capture audio absolutely anywhere? these buyer’s guides will focus on your specific needs as an audio engineer. live sound whether you need to install a fixed setup in a venue or need audio delivery that is portable and effective, the proper live sound rig makes all of the difference. be absolutely sure you have everything necessary with the help of these buyer’s guides. keyboard there are hundreds of models of personal keyboards, digital stage pianos, synthesizers, and workstations on the market. these guides will address all of their unique qualities and help you make the decision to purchase one that is best for you. drum learn what constitutes an acoustic or electric drum set and how to distinguish between different levels of quality. these guides also point out how to grow your setup with additional hardware and ready yourself with the necessary accessories needed to play. other looking for information on something more obscure and can’t quite find what you’re looking for? all of our miscellaneous guides focusing on less conventional instruments and niche specialties are compiled here. universal audio buyer's guide this ams buyer's guide highlights the universal audio apollo line of thunderbolt, firewire, and usb 3.0 audio interfaces and plug-ins that are the choice of professional and project recording studios worldwide. learn more keyboard controller buyer's guide with this handy buyer's guide, ams shows you how the right keyboard controller, paired with your computer, can guide your digital audio workstation (daw) and music software to help you compose, produce, and perform! learn more guitar string buyer's guide guitar strings are made using different methods and materials at varying levels of thickness. no matter if you play electric, acoustic, or classical, this ams buyer's guide will help you find the guitar strings for your exact needs. learn more live sound buyer's guide this new ams buyer's guide is the ultimate manual to running a proper live sound setup. everything you'll need from microphones and pa speakers to powered amps, mixers, and all of the proper accessories are discussed here. learn more power amplifier buyer's guide getting a powered source of audio signal safely through a speaker system requires the right power amplifier. our new ams buyer's guide helps you easily understand the technical language and detailed aspects of power amplifiers. learn more pioneer dj buyer's guide this buyer's guide will help you choose the correct pioneer dj gear for your needs. whether you're into using your computer or not, this guide has you covered with controllers, stand-alone units, and dj mixers. learn more digital mixer buyer's guide this ams buyer's guide discusses the digital mixer (sometimes referred to as a console, board, desk or combination thereof) and how it has become the brain of sound reinforcement systems and recording studios. learn more studio monitor buyer's guide ams helps bring out the fullest potential of your musical projects with the right monitors and subwoofers, all while showing you how to best use them for an accurate mix in your recording space. learn more bluegrass buyer's guide bluegrass and americana include a large family of instruments with a storied folk culture and history. this new ams buyer's guide discusses what you will need to help find that sound. learn more personal keyboard buyer's guide a portable and accessible personal keyboard is an absolute necessity for pianists and composers, this guide from ams will help you pick the instrument that best suits your musical needs. learn more dj buyer's guide choosing the right dj gear from a seemingly endless selection can feel confusing and overwhelming. let ams put you at ease and answer all of your questions with our in depth dj buyer's guide. learn more bass guitar buyer's guide it takes top-shelf gear to bring that low end, and a bass player's one-stop shopping destination is ams. if you've never purchased a bass before we will help you find it. learn more digital piano buyer's guide this guide will help you to understand the features, functions, and common concepts of the digital piano, allowing you to find the perfect instrument to meet your specific needs. learn more drum buyer's guide whether you're buying your first drum set or you're building a set that would make neil peart jealous, it's important to know which gear you'll need and this guide will help you find it. learn more handheld recorder buyer's guide learn how to capture the sounds of your life no matter where you are, from multi-channel field recorders to stereo point-and-shoot units and video recorders, this guide has you covered. learn more electric guitar buyer's guide whether you're buying your first guitar or your 10th guitar, it's important to know which instrument will suit your needs best and the ams buyer's guide will help you find it. learn more pickup buyer's guide one of the easiest and most affordable ways to change the tone of your instrument is by changing the pickups. this guide explores various types of pickups, and their respective tones. learn more workstation vs arranger workstations and arranger keyboards represent the latest technologies and the best ideas each manufacturer has to offer. this buyer's guide will help you decide which option to choose. learn more acoustic amplifier buyer's guide the acoustic guitar amp might look a lot like a traditional electric guitar amp but there are a few differences. this guide will cover the main options for amplifying your acoustic-electric guitar. learn more cut the cord - a guide to wireless guitar systems a wireless guitar system allows you to explore the furthest reaches of the stage and make the whole venue your playground. this guide will help you cut the cord and enjoy your wireless freedom. learn more acoustic guitar buyer's guide acoustic guitars come in a variety of sizes and shapes and are constructed of several species of wood. the different iterations give each instrument its distinctive tone and feel, its personality! learn more acoustic guitar care guide this guide will cover all the essentials of guitar maintenance, from proper humidity to what type of oil to use on your fretboard. protect your guitar and make sure it is around for years to come. learn more turntable buyer's guide can’t decide which turntable is best for you? this guide breaks down the differences and lets you know what to look for when shopping for a turntable, no matter what you'll be using it for! learn more pedal flow 101 with so many options available, setting up a pedalboard can be a very details process. this guide will lead you through suggestions and rules of thumb to follow to get the most out of your signal chain. learn more pedalboard buyer's guide this buyer's guide will walk you through some common pitfalls experienced when assembling a pedalboard and how to avoid them, as well as setting up a signal chain and more! learn more nylon guitar buyer's guide learn the ins and outs of nylon string guitars and the differences between classical and flamenco. you'll also learn how the construction of these guitars sets them apart. learn more history of vox learn about the history behind one of the world's greatest guitar amplifiers and how the vox ac15 and ac30 amplifiers have become icons of classic and modern music. learn more home recording buyer's guide learn about the gear that goes into making the ultimate home studio! from interfaces to studio monitors and plugins, let us help you make the right choices for your home studio. learn more singer-songwriter buyer's guide learn about the tools of the trade for singer-songwriters and how this gear can inspire you to write music! from guitars and amps to pa systems and accessories, this guide has you covered. learn more a synth buyer's guide synthesizers (synths) have been a huge part of music for over fifty years! explore the building blocks of using pure analog and analog emulation hardware along with software synths in this new ams buyer's guide. learn more the heavy metal periodic table the world of metal features many subgenres that all have a style of their own. learn about commonly used gear for many of these subgenres in this heavy metal periodic table. learn more pedal power - a guitar pedal buyer's guide a player's choice of pedals reveals a lot about their style. while some prefer a pure tone, others indulge in soundscapes ranging from trippy psychedelic to bone crushing distortion. learn more american musical supply footer links customer service help customer serviceopen / close 1-800-458-4076 [email protected] product assistanceopen / close 1-800-458-4076 [email protected] credit departmentopen / close 1-877-276-3711 [email protected] paymentsopen / close 1-877-281-8332 [email protected] contact us ams quick links newsletter site map accessibility privacy policy do not sell my info track your order returns payment plans warranty copyright © 1996-2022 american musical supply, inc. all rights reserved. social media links facebook opens a new window. twitter opens a new window. youtube opens a new window. instagram opens a new window. give us a call: 1-800-458-4076 close sign up now & get $20 off your next order sign up & save now! access exclusive sales and more! plus, get up to $20 off your next order. please enter numbers only - no (), dashes, spaces. texts are automated and consent is optional, not a condition of purchase.message and data rates may apply. terms and conditions subscribe & get up to $20 off! the latest deals, giveaways, and more are here. sign up & get your reward today. close loading.... loading....