来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231173444/https://www.americanmusical.com/s/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | american musical supply the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. skip to content get free shipping on all orders!fast free shipping on all orders! talk to a gear expert at 800-458-4076 the best 0% interest payment plans in the business free 1 year extended warranty toggle nav departments guitars best sellers popular brands gibson fender ibanez martin taylor paul reed smith gibsonshop all guitarselectric guitarsguitar ampsguitar effectsacoustic electric guitars6 string acoustic electric guitarsacoustic guitarsguitar stringsguitar accessoriesguitar pickupsnylon string guitarsukulelesstringed instrumentsguitar books cds and dvdsbass popular brands ibanez fender ampeg hartke sire schecter ampegfender bass guitarsshop all basselectric bass guitarsbass guitar ampsbass guitar effectsbass guitar stringsbass guitar direct boxesbass guitar casesbass guitar bagsacoustic bass guitarsbass guitar pickupsbass guitar books cds and dvdslive sound best sellers popular brands qsc electro-voice jbl rcf presonus mackie qscshop all live soundpa speakerslive sound mixerswireless systemspa systemsin ear monitor systemspower amplifiersmicrophonespa speaker accessoriesmicrophone standsmicrophone accessorieslive sound signal processorsaudio playerspower conditionersequipment racks and casesequipment cartslive sound accessoriesrecording popular brands neumann yamaha krk presonus rode shure neumannshop all recordingmixersportable digital recordersstudio monitorsmultitrack recordersrecording microphonesrecording packagesvideo recordersstudio signal processorsaudio masteringrecording accessoriesstudio workstationsblank recording mediarecording books cds and dvdscomputer audio popular brands universal audio focusrite antelope audio presonus avid ik multimedia universal audiopresonusshop all computer audioaudio interfacescontrol surfacesmusic recording softwareplug in dsp cardsguitar softwaremidi interfacessound librariescomputer accessorieskeyboards popular brands akai professional yamaha roland korg nord casio akai professionalshop all keyboardssynthesizersworkstationsarrangersbeat productioncontrollerspersonal keyboardsdigital pianosorganssamplerskeyboard accessorieskeyboard ampsthereminsdj best sellers popular brands pioneer dj rane denon dj chauvet dj numark adj lighting pioneer djshop all djdj control surfacesdj mixersdj playersdj turntablesdj audio interfacesdj lightingkaraoke playersdj effectsdj accessoriesdj turntable cartridgesdj stylusdj phono preampsdj casesdj softwaredrums popular brands alesis roland zildjian yamaha mapex tama alesismapexshop all drumsdrum setselectronic drumsdrum machinesdrum hardwarecymbalsdrum accessoriessnare drumsbass drumskids drums and percussionpercussionaccessories popular brands pig hog mogami hosa gator on-stage cbi pig hog cablesaudio-technicashop all accessoriesaudio cablesheadphonesheadphone ampsgift cardsmusic standsmetronomesharmonicasaccordions and concertinasmusic clothing brands outlet zone new gear content hub am search sign in accountcreate an account my cart account home privacy policy privacy statementeffective date: february 17, 2024american musical supply respects the privacy of our website visitors and customers. we believe it is important that you understand the kinds of data we collect about you, how we protect that data, and how it is used. we recognize the need for appropriate safeguards and management of personal information you provide to us. this privacy policy (“policy”) sets forth the privacy principles american musical supply follows with respect to your personal information we collect from or about you, either online through this website, or any of the products, services, interactive features, forms, social media pages offered, owned, or operated by american musical supply, or its affiliates, or your interaction with american musical supply service providers, contractors or employees (collectively “services”), whether accessed online via computer, tablet, mobile device or any other technology or device now known or hereafter developed, or offline, and how your personal information will be used. the services are intended for use by individuals residing and located in the united states. when we reference “personal information” in this policy, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked with you, directly or indirectly. personal information does not include information that cannot be reasonably linked to you. this privacy statement covers all personal information (information that relates to or that can be used to identify you) by american musical supply at its website https://www.americanmusical.com (the “site”). this policy does not describe information collection policies and practices of websites and platforms that we do not provide, own, or control, including those linked to or integrated with our site. it also does not cover information you may choose to share with other users of the site. we encourage you to review this policy periodically. your use of the site constitutes your consent to the terms contained herein. we will periodically update this policy, and any changes will be reflected here. we will notify existing customers of any material changes by email or via your account. if you have any questions about this policy or how we use your personal information, please feel free to contact us at emailprivacy@americanmusical.net.contents what personal information do we collect? how do we collect your personal information? how does american musical supply use the personal information we collect? your choices children's information who do we share your information with? third party sites categories of information we collect security consent to transfer u.s. privacy rights right to request deletion exercising your rights what personal information do we collect?when using the american musical supply site, we may collect information you voluntarily share with us, including any content, record, or electronic communication of any kind, including without limitation: contact information, including identifiers such as name, full shipping address, country of residence, phone number, username, password, and email address. financial information related to payment or requested credit account, including name, email address, billing address, credit card information, banking information, telephone number, social security number (for example to establish a credit account and track available credit) and other information necessary to complete a transaction or purchase. commercial information, such as a record of products or services purchased, and the date and time the transaction occurred. information you submit or choose to provide when you send us a message through the “contact us” page, any chatbot, customer service representative, or similar features on the site and other information that you choose to provide during your interaction(s) with use. inferences, such as product and service preferences including your preference in receiving marketing information received from our third parties, product feedback and survey responses. internet information, such as ip address, gps, login data, browser, time zone, geographical location and any other unique identifier (a set of numbers or characters assigned to your computer, mobile phone or other device used when you are on the internet) tied to your device when visiting our site, and information about how you use and interact with our site. the period for which we retain your personal information varies, depending on the type of personal information and the purpose for which it was collected. for example, we retain your order information for as long as you are a customer to ensure that you have access to order history. the retention duration is limited to time necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected, in light of any restrictions or deletions you might request, as well as our need to address our legal obligations or rights. california residents please see your california privacy rights below for more information.how do we collect your personal information?when you interact with uswe collect your personal information when you interact with the site, including but not limited to when you: make a purchase on the site subscribe to emails / newsletters request services or seek support participate in promotions and surveys give feedback about products, services, or website cookies, web beacons and other technologies automated technologies or interactions cookies, pixel tags, embedded scripts, lsos, priority code cookies are stored on your computer’s hard drive and identify your web browser and the activities of your computer on the site and other websites. most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you may disable them. cookies help us facilitate efficient site navigation, improve your experience on the site, facilitate your shopping session, allow us to take note of visits to the site and show relevant ads on our site and across the internet.action tags, also known as web beacons or single pixel gifs, are a web technology used to help track website usage information, such as how many times a specific page has been viewed. action tags are invisible to you. any portion of the site, including advertisements or emails sent on our behalf, may contain action tags. action tags can be used to count site users, to deliver services, or to determine whether email messages have been opened or acted upon. action tags may be used to conduct research on behalf of certain clients, to compile statistics for advertising purposes, for auditing purposes, or to report certain aggregate information.by using these identifiers together, we are able to gather information to improve the site and measure the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns. embedded urls perform many of the same functions as cookies and we may utilize them as a tracking tool to collect non-personal data. embedded urls are exhibited as plain text or encoded extensions to the url that appear in the browser address or location toolbar. they provide limited non-personal data about navigation on the site during the current session.most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. the methods for doing so vary from browser to browser and from version to version. you can obtain information about blocking and deleting cookies from your browser’s settings. you may also manage preferences regarding cookies by visiting https://allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. cookie settings from third partieswe may collect information from our third party providers, including but not limited to: analytics providers advertising networks identity verification services credit reporting agencies (as applicable) payment & delivery services how does american musical supply use the personal information we collect?we may use your personal information:to provide the site to you, including: to determine whether our services are available in your country; to determine your preferred language; to process your registration and account creation with the websites, including verifying your contact information is active and valid; to identify you as a user in our system; to process transactions you initiate, process payments and provide accurate billing and shipping; and to improve our website, product and service offerings, and develop new products and services. to communicate with you, including: to provide you with information, products or services that you have requested or agreed to receive; to send you administrative e-mail, such as order confirmations, order status updates, security, or support and maintenance advisories; to bill you for products or services to notify you about changes to our service; to contact you with regard to your use of the site and, in our discretion, changes to the site’s policies or functionality; and to send you informational and transactional text messages that you have requested or agreed to receive. to personalize your experience on the site, including: to customize our site and its contents to your interests and your device; to customize and tailor your experience on the site, for example, by displaying content that we think you might be interested in; and to improve the quality of experience when you interact with our site for internal business purposes. to comply with our legal obligations and protect our other users, including: for compliance, fraud prevention and safety, including enforcing our terms of service and this privacy policy, protecting our rights privacy, safety, or property and/or that of you or others, and protecting against, investigating or deterring fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity; to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; to perform other functions as described at the time of collection, with your consent, or as further described in this privacy policy. your choicesopt-out or unsubscribe to marketing messageswe do not send any direct marketing emails unless you opt-in. you may choose to opt-in to receive direct marketing emails on the site in the future, if you do not wish to have your e-mail address or other contact information used for promotional purposes, you should visit the american musical supply opt-out policy at this page. please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account (for example, administrative and service announcements, shipping notices, and order confirmations) and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you opt-out from marketing communications from american musical supply.choosing not to share personal datayou may choose not to provide us with any personal information. in such an event, you may still be able to access and use some portion of the site; however, you may not be able to access and use those portions that require your personal information.where we need to collect personal information by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you or are trying to enter with each other and you fail to provide that information when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). in this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.children’s informationthe site are not directed to children under the age of 18. we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 18. if we learn that a child under the age of 18 has provided us with personal information, or that such personal information has otherwise been inadvertently collected, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.who do we share your information with?service providers and contractorsas part of american musical supply’s operation of its site, we may contract with third-party providers to perform certain functions, including fulfilling orders, processing payments, and customer service. these third parties may have access to personal data to the extent necessary to permit them to assist american musical supply in performing the functions set forth above. any such third party that processes your information for these purposes agrees to do so in accordance with our instructions and in accord with this policy.merger, sale or other transactionwe may disclose information about you to a successor organization in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other sale or disposition of all or a portion our assets. the successor organization’s use and disclosure of your personally-identifiable information will continue to be subject to this policy unless (i) a court orders otherwise, for example a bankruptcy court; or (ii) the successor organization gives you notice that your personal information will be subject to the successor organization’s own policy, along with an opportunity for you to opt out (which may cause you not to be able to continue to use our services). if you submit personal information after such a transfer, that information may be subject to the successor entity’s policy.third party sitesthird-party sites may contain links to other sites. please be aware that american musical supply is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave the site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website. this privacy policy applies solely to information collected by american musical supply’s site.categories of information we collectwe have collected the following categories of information in the past 12 months.category of personal informationsources of personal informationhow we use this personal informationcategories of third parties we share this information withcontact information (including identifiers such as name, full shipping address, country of residence, phone number, username, password, and email address) you identity verification services to fulfill your orders, process your account registration, and communicate with youservice providers; contractorsfinancial information (including billing address, credit card information, banking information, telephone number and other information necessary to complete a transaction or purchase). you credit reporting agencies to process your paymentsservice providers; contractorscommercial information (including record of products or services purchased, and the date and time the transaction occurred). you our payment & delivery services to process our orders and comply with our legal obligationsservice providers; contractorsinferences (including marketing, product and service preferences) you analytics providers advertising networks to personalize the site for youservice providers; contractorsinternet information (including ip address, gps, login data, browser, time zone, geographical location and any other unique identifier used to identify you or your device). cookies and other technology analytics providers to personalize the site for youservice providers; contractorssocial security numberyouto establish a credit account and track available creditservice providers; contractorssecurityto prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to allow only the appropriate use of your personal data, we utilize industry standard physical, technical, and administrative controls and procedures to safeguard the information we collect. however, you should recognize there is always some risk involved in transmission of information over the internet or in a method of electronic storage.consent to transferamerican musical supply’s site is operated in the united states. if you are located outside of the united states, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the united states. by using our site , or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the united states, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.privacy rightsi. disclosure of personal informationwe disclose personal information to our service providers and contractors, as described in this privacy policy.american musical supply does not and will not sell the personal information of consumers. in the preceding twelve (12) months, american musical supply has not sold personal information.ii. your rights and choicesthis united states (u.s.) privacy notice (“notice”) is for people living in the united states and supplements our american musical supply privacy policy, which explains how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information. this notice describes your privacy rights and how to exercise your rights under the colorado privacy act, the connecticut act concerning personal information privacy and online monitoring, the utah consumer privacy act, the virginia consumer data protection act, the oregon consumer privacy act, the texas data privacy and security act, and the montana consumer data privacy act. we call those laws collectively the “u.s. privacy laws.” for california privacy rights, please refer to the california notice at collection. if you are a resident of a state that has laws that govern our processing of your personal information, you may have certain rights, as provided under the state law applicable to you, subject to certain exemptions, which may include the:right to know (all listed states):the right to request that we disclose to you the personal information that we collected or disclosed about you including: the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of the sources of the personal information. the purposes for which your personal information is collected and used; the categories of personal information that the business disclosed for a business purpose, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to whom that particular category of personal information was disclosed; and the categories of personal information that the business sold or shared, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to whom that particular category of personal information was sold or shared; right to access/data portability (all listed states):access, request and receive, up to twice every 12 months, a portable copy of the personal information that we have collected about you in the last 12 months;web formright to correct (all listed states except utah):the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information that we maintain about you;web formright to request deletion (all listed states):access, request and receive, up to twice every 12 months, a portable copy of the personal information that we have collected about you in the last 12 months;web formright to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information (ca):the right to direct us to limit our use of your sensitive personal information to that use which is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods as reasonably expected by someone who requests those goods or services and for business purposes allowed by law;web formright to opt-in for sensitive data processing (co, ct, mt, or, tx and va):the right to opt-in for the use of sensitive personal information, which may include race, ethnicity, precise geolocation data, minor information, and certain health data.web formright to opt-out (all listed states - except ut residents do not have the right to opt out of automated decision making):the right to opt-out of or object to having your personal information sold to, or shared with, third parties for the purposes of targeted advertising or to process your personal data for profiling or automated decision making in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects on you; andweb formright to non-discrimination (all listed states):the right not to be discriminated against by us for exercising any of these rights.web formright to appeal (all listed states):the right to submit an appeal if your request is denied.web formadditional privacy rightscaliforniacalifornia residents may have additional personal information rights. please see your california privacy rights below for more information.nevadanevada residents have certain privacy rights as specified under nevada law. our privacy policy and the privacy controls we offer to all users are in line with these laws—this notice assures we cover the nevada-specific requirements.california privacy rightsyour california privacy rightseffective date: january 1, 2020 amendment effective date: january 1, 2023this privacy notice for california residents supplements and is expressly made part of the information contained in american musical supply’s american musical’s privacy policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of california (“consumers” or “you”). we adopt this notice to comply with the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa), as amended by the california privacy rights act of 2020 (cpra). any terms defined in the ccpa or cpra have the same meaning when used in this notice. the ccpa provides consumers (california residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your ccpa, as amended by the cpra, rights and explains how to exercise those rights.right to access your informationyou have the right to request that american musical supply disclose what personal information we have collected used or disclosed over the past 12 months.web formright to request deletionyou have the right to request that american musical supply delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising consumer rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.web formright to opt outyou have the right to opt-out of both the sale and sharing of personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising; opt-out of automated decision-making/profiling technology in connection with decisions with significant or legal effects; and opt-out of the processing of sensitive personal information.web formright to access information about automated decision makingyou have the right to request that american musical supply provide information about the logic involved in automated decision-making and a description of the likely outcome of the process.web formright to correct informationyou have the right to request that american musical supply correct your personal information if it is inaccurate.web formright to limit sensitive personal informationyou have the right to limit american musical supply's use and disclosure of sensitive information to information that is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods reasonable expected by an average consumer who requests such goods and services.web formright to non-discriminationwe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your ccpa, as amended by the cpra, rights.web formother california privacy rightscalifornia’s “shine the light” law (civil code § 1798.83) permits users of our site that are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.web formexercising your rightsyou or your authorized agent may submit a request to exercise your rights by visiting this web form or calling us at 1-833-508-3301. for your security and to ensure unauthorized third parties do not access your personal information, we will require you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. if you are a current customer or still have access to your american musical supply account, you will be required to authenticate through your american musical supply account. if you do not have an account with us, you will be required to provide an email address and mobile phone number to start the verification process. you may also be required to provide a qualified government-issued photo identification. if you are asking for access on behalf of someone else, we will require verification of your identity, as well as proof of authorization by the individual whose personal information you wish to access.authorized agentsif you are a resident of a state that has laws that govern our processing of your personal information and would like to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf, or if you are an authorized agent of an individual with the right to submit certain requests via an authorized agent and would like to submit a request on behalf of that individual, please send an email to the following email address: emailprivacy@americanmusical.net. if you are the resident, in order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such request. we may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request. if you are the authorized agent, after you submit the request, and if the request is not subject to an exemption or exception, we will require additional information to verify the identity of the resident, as well as your authority to act on behalf of the resident.appealsif we did not take action on your request, and if you are a resident of a state that offers a right to an appeal, you may have the right to appeal our decision. to submit an appeal, use the request to appeal option on this web form. please note that an appeal must be submitted within 60 days of your receipt of the notice to take action.right to modify this privacy policywe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time at our sole discretion. if we modify the privacy policy, we will post the revised policy here, with an updated revision date. changes will be effective immediately (except for material changes) upon the posting of the revised privacy policy on the site. in the event we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you through the services prior to the changes taking effect. please note that if you do not agree to the modified privacy policy, you may not use the services. your continued use of the services following the posting of the changes or any applicable notice period will mean that you accept those changes.contact usif you have any questions or comments about this policy, the practices or use of the site, please feel free to contact us by phone at +1 833-508-3301; by email at emailprivacy@americanmusical.net; or by mail to the following address: 8 thornton road, oakland, nj 07436, attn: privacy office. customer service contact us track your order shipping policy returns about ams advantages payment plans sitemap legal & privacy privacy policy do not sell my info accessibility notice at collection need help?call us at 800-458-4076follow us on facebook twitter instagram youtube join our newsletterget the inside track on the latest gear, informative buyer’s guides, price drops and more. newsletterenter email addresssign up copyright © 1996-2024 american musical supply, inc. all rights reserved