来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250506171242/https://www.americanmusical.com/s/ams-content-hub
================================================================================

blog | american musical supply the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. skip to content get free shipping on all orders!fast free shipping on all orders! talk to a gear expert at 800-458-4076 the best 0% interest payment plans in the business free 1 year extended warranty toggle nav departments guitars best sellers popular brands gibson fender ibanez martin taylor paul reed smith gibsonshop all guitarselectric guitarsguitar ampsguitar effectsacoustic electric guitarsacoustic guitarsguitar stringsguitar accessoriesguitar pickupsnylon string guitarsukulelesstringed instrumentsguitar books cds and dvdsbass popular brands ibanez fender ampeg hartke sire schecter ampegfender bass guitarsshop all basselectric bass guitarsbass guitar ampsbass guitar effectsbass guitar stringsbass guitar direct boxesbass guitar casesbass guitar bagsacoustic bass guitarsbass guitar pickupsbass guitar books cds and dvdslive sound best sellers popular brands qsc electro-voice jbl rcf presonus mackie qscshop all live soundpa speakerslive sound mixerswireless systemspa systemsin ear monitor systemspower amplifiersmicrophonespa speaker accessoriesmicrophone standsmicrophone accessorieslive sound signal processorsaudio playerspower conditionersequipment racks and casesequipment cartslive sound accessoriesrecording popular brands neumann yamaha krk presonus rode shure neumannshop all recordingmixersportable digital recordersstudio monitorsmultitrack recordersrecording microphonesrecording packagesvideo recordersstudio signal processorsaudio masteringrecording accessoriesstudio workstationsblank recording mediacomputer audio popular brands universal audio focusrite antelope audio presonus avid ik multimedia universal audiopresonusshop all computer audioaudio interfacescontrol surfacesmusic recording softwareplug in dsp cardsguitar softwaremidi interfacessound librariescomputer accessorieskeyboards popular brands akai professional yamaha roland korg nord casio akai professionalshop all keyboardssynthesizersworkstationsarrangersbeat productioncontrollerspersonal keyboardsdigital pianosorganssamplerskeyboard accessorieskeyboard ampsthereminsdj best sellers popular brands pioneer dj rane denon dj chauvet dj numark adj lighting pioneer djshop all djdj control surfacesdj mixersdj cd & media playersdj turntablesdj audio interfacesdj lightingkaraoke playersdj effectsdj accessoriesdj turntable cartridgesdj stylusdj phono preampsdj casesdj softwaredrums popular brands alesis roland zildjian yamaha mapex tama alesismapexshop all drumsdrum setselectronic drumsdrum machinesdrum hardwarecymbalsdrum accessoriessnare drumsbass drumskids drums and percussionpercussionaccessories popular brands pig hog mogami hosa gator on-stage cbi pig hog cablesaudio-technicashop all accessoriesaudio cablesheadphonesheadphone ampsgift cardsmusic standsmetronomesharmonicasaccordions and concertinasmusic clothing brands outlet zone new gear content hub am search sign in accountcreate an account my cart account 18 payments with 0% interest on select live sound brandsfast and free shipping! most orders arrive in 2 days or less! home blog the ams blog you have questions. we have answers! the ams gear nerds have been hard at work picking apart all the best equipment and knowledge the music industry has to offer to build out the ams content library. whether you want to know how to pick the perfect guitar, which drum heads work best for your style, or what the heck a contactless magnetic fader is, we’ve got you covered. get answers, make music, rinse and repeat! featured posts ams presents: game of tones the ultimate guide to choosing the best bass guitar the gear you need to jam with nathan east april 4, 2025 10 min read are you ready to experience hendrix | devon allman, marcus king, and zakk wylde interview artist fender marshall tour the experience hendrix tour is well underway, and we got to talk to three of the stars! check out the latest ams interview with devon allman, marcus king, and zakk wylde. by cameron ripley posted in: interviews read more april 1, 2025 13 min read “get me nathan east!” | interview and jam jam sesh amps laney yamaha we were "lucky" to spend an afternoon with the legendary nathan east and talk all about his new signature laney amp, recording process, and even got to jam with him in the new studio. check out the interview now! by cameron ripley posted in: interviews bass guitar read more march 31, 2025 12 min read guitar truss rod adjustment: perfecting your guitar setup (without messing it up) the more you know... maintenance setup is your guitar not playing like it used to? it might just need a truss rod adjustment. learn how to adjust your guitar truss rod correctly and get back your playability. by dan monaghan posted in: guitar bass guitar electric guitar acoustic guitar read more march 26, 2025 13 min read a guide to time-based effects: echo, delay, and reverb effects reverb delay ready to play with time? time-based effects like reverb and delay are integral to any musician's arsenal. here's how to use them! by adam g. posted in: live sound recording guitar gear read more march 25, 2025 16 min read the gear you need to jam with nathan east artist jam sesh laney funk you saw the video (and if you didn't, you better). now see the gear that powers it in this behind-the-scenes sneak peek from our nathan east "get lucky" jam. by cameron ripley posted in: bass guitar gear read more march 25, 2025 20 min read the ultimate guide to choosing the best bass guitar gift guide budget buys looking for the best bass guitar? whether you're a beginner, gigging pro, or buying a gift, our bass guitar buying guide covers top brands, must-have features, and expert tips. find your perfect bass right here! posted in: guitar bass guitar buyer's guides read more march 24, 2025 11 min read 5 percussion accessories to spruce up your drum set accessories drum set upgrades feeling stuck with the same ol' drums and cymbals? expand your playing with these five "spicy" accessories for your drum set. by kyle novak posted in: percussion read more march 21, 2025 13 min read thomas blug interview | no compromising allowed amps bluguitar no, they’re not blue guitars; it’s bluguitar! you know, like thomas blug. check out the latest ams interview all about modernizing amps, downsizing, and incredible tone. by cameron ripley posted in: interviews electric guitar read more march 19, 2025 12 min read what is a guitar “whammy bar” and how does it work? the more you know... whammy bar you've heard the term "whammy bar" before. but what does it mean? well, there's only one way to find out. learn all about guitar tremolo systems to become a whammy expert! by adam g. posted in: guitar electric guitar read more march 17, 2025 18 min read how to choose the perfect gifts for singers microphones headphones effects vocalists need the best gifts for singers? from studio mics and pro headphones to vocal effects and must-have accessories, this guide has unique gift ideas for vocalists of all levels. find the perfect present for the singer in your life! posted in: live sound recording buyer's guides read more march 14, 2025 15 min read becoming an honorary blood brother with mike zito, albert castiglia, and jimmy vivino gibson artist epiphone we got to chat with the blood brothers mike zito and albert castiglia, along with blues-master jimmy vivino, all about their favorite gibson guitars, what it's like to play with bill murray, trading gear, and more! by cameron ripley posted in: interviews guitar electric guitar read more march 12, 2025 13 min read guitar neck shapes explained: find your perfect fit the more you know... c-shaped, u-shaped, v-shaped — but what does it all mean!? learn about the most common guitar neck shapes and what they can do for your playing. by dan monaghan posted in: guitar bass guitar electric guitar acoustic guitar read more march 10, 2025 14 min read 6 important things you need in your live sound toolbox accessories must-haves running live sound takes a lot of gear. but you better not leave the house without these six absolute essentials. here are the key pieces of gear every live sound expert needs. by kyle novak posted in: live sound gear read more march 5, 2025 11 min read jerry cantrell interview | tend the music gibson artist new music alice in chains is one of the biggest bands around, and that means our chat with jerry cantrell is one of the biggest interviews around! check out the latest ams jerry cantrell interview right here. by cameron ripley posted in: interviews read more march 5, 2025 14 min read the only guide to overdrive you'll need guitar effects accessories overdrive what’s an overdrive pedal? we’re going to tell you. and no, it’s not the same as a distortion pedal! check out this guide to overdrive to learn if it's right for your pedalboard. by nick pappalardo posted in: guitar bass guitar electric guitar gear read more march 3, 2025 15 min read how to choose the best taylor guitar: a comprehensive taylor guitars guide taylor not sure which taylor guitar is best for you? the ultimate taylor guitar comparison guide covers body shapes, tonewoods, and series to match your style and budget. find the best fit — whether you’re a beginner or a pro. posted in: guitar acoustic guitar buyer's guides read more february 28, 2025 10 min read kevin antreassian interview | the secrets to music production (and more) music production friedman we finally got to christen our new studio with an interview and playthrough from producer- and guitarist-extraordinaire kevin antreassian. it's a rockin' good time. by cameron ripley posted in: interviews recording read more february 20, 2025 10 min read g. love interview | blues, hip-hop, and a love of music gibson new music it's always a good time talking to garrett dutton (aka. g. love). check out the latest ams interview about sharing a genuine love of music. by cameron ripley posted in: interviews read more february 14, 2025 9 min read marty friedman – breaking wine glasses and listening for inspiration new music shure jackson what goes better with a nice glass of wine than metal music!? check out the latest ams interview with the legendary marty friedman. by cameron ripley posted in: interviews read more february 10, 2025 14 min read dj turntable buying guide: how to choose the best dj turntables dj turntables audio technica pioneer dj reloop stanton discover the best dj turntables for beginners and pros in this ultimate guide. explore top picks from audio technica, pioneer, stanton, and more, plus tips on creating the perfect turntable dj setup. posted in: dj buyer's guides read more 1 of 5 subscribe to newslettersubscribe featured blogs ams presents: game of tones musicians put their skills to the test to replicate a guitar tone using an assortment of gear. whoever gets the closest is crowned game of tones champion. read more the ultimate guide to choosing the best bass guitar looking for the best bass guitar? whether you're a beginner, gigging pro, or buying a gift, our bass guitar buying guide covers top brands, must-have features, and expert tips. find your perfect bass right here! read more the gear you need to jam with nathan east you saw the video (and if you didn't, you better). now see the gear that powers it in this behind-the-scenes sneak peek from our nathan east "get lucky" jam. read more latest artist interviews are you ready to experience hendrix | devon allman, marcus king, and zakk wylde interview the experience hendrix tour is well underway, and we got to talk to three of the stars! check out the latest ams interview with devon allman, marcus king, and zakk wylde.read more 10 min read “get me nathan east!” | interview and jam we were "lucky" to spend an afternoon with the legendary nathan east and talk all about his new signature laney amp, recording process, and even got to jam with him in the new studio. check out the interview now! read more 13 min read thomas blug interview | no compromising allowed no, they’re not blue guitars; it’s bluguitar! you know, like thomas blug. check out the latest ams interview all about modernizing amps, downsizing, and incredible tone. read more 13 min read becoming an honorary blood brother with mike zito, albert castiglia, and jimmy vivino we got to chat with the blood brothers mike zito and albert castiglia, along with blues-master jimmy vivino, all about their favorite gibson guitars, what it's like to play with bill murray, trading gear, and more! read more 15 min read jerry cantrell interview | tend the music alice in chains is one of the biggest bands around, and that means our chat with jerry cantrell is one of the biggest interviews around! check out the latest ams jerry cantrell interview right here. read more 11 min read kevin antreassian interview | the secrets to music production (and more) we finally got to christen our new studio with an interview and playthrough from producer- and guitarist-extraordinaire kevin antreassian. it's a rockin' good time. read more 10 min read ultimate buying guides the ultimate dj buying guide ready to rock the turntables and get everyone out on the dance floor? check out the ultimate dj buyer’s guide to learn everything you need to know about becoming a dj. read more 33 min read the ultimate drum set buying guide want to become a drummer and not sure where to start? check out the ultimate percussion buyers guide from ams — and we mean ultimate!read more 56 min read the ultimate live sound buying guide it’s not easy to build the perfect live sound setup, but we’re here to make it at least a little bit easier with the ams ultimate live sound buying guide.read more 58 min read the ultimate guitar buying guide the ams guitar buying guide has all the information you could ever want (and perhaps a bit more) to help you find and buy the perfect guitar.read more 43 min read search the blog categories interviews (25) percussion (9) live sound (11) keyboard (6) recording (7) guitar (29) bass guitar (10) electric guitar (21) acoustic guitar (5) dj (6) gear (20) latest news (7) buyer's guides (21) tags tour marshall yamaha setup maintenance delay reverb funk laney budget buys customer service contact us track your order shipping policy returns about ams advantages payment plans sitemap legal & privacy privacy policy do not sell my info accessibility notice at collection need help?call us at 800-458-4076follow us on youtube instagram facebook tictok x twitter join our newsletterget the inside track on the latest gear, informative buyer’s guides, price drops and more. newsletterenter email addresssign up copyright © 1996-2025 american musical supply, inc. all rights reserved