来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250506171242/https://www.americanmusical.com/s/press
================================================================================

ams press releases the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. skip to content get free shipping on all orders!fast free shipping on all orders! talk to a gear expert at 800-458-4076 the best 0% interest payment plans in the business free 1 year extended warranty toggle nav departments guitars best sellers popular brands gibson fender ibanez martin taylor paul reed smith gibsonshop all guitarselectric guitarsguitar ampsguitar effectsacoustic electric guitarsacoustic guitarsguitar stringsguitar accessoriesguitar pickupsnylon string guitarsukulelesstringed instrumentsguitar books cds and dvdsbass popular brands ibanez fender ampeg hartke sire schecter ampegfender bass guitarsshop all basselectric bass guitarsbass guitar ampsbass guitar effectsbass guitar stringsbass guitar direct boxesbass guitar casesbass guitar bagsacoustic bass guitarsbass guitar pickupsbass guitar books cds and dvdslive sound best sellers popular brands qsc electro-voice jbl rcf presonus mackie qscshop all live soundpa speakerslive sound mixerswireless systemspa systemsin ear monitor systemspower amplifiersmicrophonespa speaker accessoriesmicrophone standsmicrophone accessorieslive sound signal processorsaudio playerspower conditionersequipment racks and casesequipment cartslive sound accessoriesrecording popular brands neumann yamaha krk presonus rode shure neumannshop all recordingmixersportable digital recordersstudio monitorsmultitrack recordersrecording microphonesrecording packagesvideo recordersstudio signal processorsaudio masteringrecording accessoriesstudio workstationsblank recording mediacomputer audio popular brands universal audio focusrite antelope audio presonus avid ik multimedia universal audiopresonusshop all computer audioaudio interfacescontrol surfacesmusic recording softwareplug in dsp cardsguitar softwaremidi interfacessound librariescomputer accessorieskeyboards popular brands akai professional yamaha roland korg nord casio akai professionalshop all keyboardssynthesizersworkstationsarrangersbeat productioncontrollerspersonal keyboardsdigital pianosorganssamplerskeyboard accessorieskeyboard ampsthereminsdj best sellers popular brands pioneer dj rane denon dj chauvet dj numark adj lighting pioneer djshop all djdj control surfacesdj mixersdj cd & media playersdj turntablesdj audio interfacesdj lightingkaraoke playersdj effectsdj accessoriesdj turntable cartridgesdj stylusdj phono preampsdj casesdj softwaredrums popular brands alesis roland zildjian yamaha mapex tama alesismapexshop all drumsdrum setselectronic drumsdrum machinesdrum hardwarecymbalsdrum accessoriessnare drumsbass drumskids drums and percussionpercussionaccessories popular brands pig hog mogami hosa gator on-stage cbi pig hog cablesaudio-technicashop all accessoriesaudio cablesheadphonesheadphone ampsgift cardsmusic standsmetronomesharmonicasaccordions and concertinasmusic clothing brands outlet zone new gear content hub am search sign in accountcreate an account my cart account fast and free shipping! orders arrive in 2 days or less! home press ams in the newspeople are talking about all the good stuff happening at american musical supply! it seems like the artists we interview always seem to spill some juicy deets or we get the jump start on a new product here and there. want to keep up with ams in the news? here are just a few of the juiciest stories coming from ams that others just simply couldn't not talk about.steve vai made adrian vandenberg a better playeryou might think a virtuostic player like steve vai would intimidate just about every guitarist he plays with. but not adrian vandenberg. in fact, it made him better! vai took all the shreddy bits, so why even bother keeping up? instead, adrian used the time to focus on his own approach to the instrument, helping to develop his own unique style that can be heard from whitensake all the way through his current endeavors. guitarplayer.com picked up the snippet and wrote an entire article about it for their website. read moresince publishing our interview with adrian vanderbeng, several blogs have been quoting us! such a credible and reliable source we are! here’s what everyone else is saying about av. guitar.com not only quoted us but also quoted an ultimate guitar piece about the interview as well: “it doesn’t cut through anymore if it’s too much gain and too much compression going on,” guitar.com had another article that mentioned adrian vandenberg's relationship with whitesnake “looks back on his early days with whitesnake - a gig he initially turned down multiple times and the culture shock he experienced in la in the 80’s.” ultimate guitar wrote about the personality and ideologies of adrian’s music styles. as well as the culture shock of shredding coming from holland. guitarplayer.com dove into the relationships of adrian vandenberg within his stay of whitesnake as well as the relationships with himself and the fans of the music. nathan east on a judas priest album? yep! nathan east is one of the most recorded bassists of all time, but did you know the rock, funk, r&b, and pop musician even dipped his toes into the metal world? according to east during an ams interview, he was asked to play on a judas priest album back in the '80s. he couldn't quite remember which album it was, but the story was good enough to be picked up by metal injection and featured on their site. read the full article below. read more"people forget how great of a singer he was" - devon allmanduring our interview with devon allman at the experience hendrix tour, he talked about how everyone knows that jimi hendrix is arguably the greatest guitar player of all time, but they never seem to recognize how good he was as a singer. rockcelebrities.net picked up our interview and posted a snippet of it on their website. read the full article below. read morehumbucker guy going p-90 - warren haynes signature les paulwarren haynes loves his humbucker pickups, especially when they're attached to a gibson les paul! but as he told ams in an interview, "being mostly a humbucker guy, i'm really loving the hum-free p90s." he dropped the juicy hint about a p-90 powered signature les paul coming soon, and musicradar and guitar world picked up the story to post on their own website. check out the full article below. read morethe two sides of marty friedmanjust because you're influenced by a guitarist doesn't mean you have to do love everything about them. in an exclusive interview, marty friedman told ryan from ams that he loved uli john roth's playing, but he felt like uli had two sides of his playing: a romantic melodic side and a ridiculous hendrix-inspired side. friedman preferred the romantic side, and that's what he took as inspiration. ultimate-guitar picked up this quote and thought it was good enough to write a whole article about it! check it out for yourself. read morenita strauss on missing an alice cooper tourfor his 2022 tour, alice cooper swapped nita strauss for fellow shred-master kane roberts. how did she feel about that move? she loves kane roberts and was happy to see him on stage! of course, she also loves touring with cooper and was back in action after just a few shows. nita taked to ams about her feelings about missing the shows at the namm 2025 ibanez booth, and metal head zone picked up the story. read the full article below!read morenew anthrax album in 2025? looks that way! during a visit to the spector booth at namm, anthrax bassist frank bello told ams that a new album is expected to launch in september or october 2025. since this will be the band's first album in nine years, people were pretty excited. lots of outlets picked up the story, including metal injection, chaoz zine, rayo, metalsucks, 105.7 the point, blabbermouth, lambgoat, and theprp.com — at least to name a few. check out the full article below. read morewho needs active pickups? not alex skolnicklots of metal guys like to use active pickups for their powerful tones, but not alex skolnick! alex told ams in an exclusive interview that prefers to play with dynamics, which can be hard to get when you use active pickups like his fellow bandmate eric peterson. it's also the same reason he doesn't tend to gravitate to noise gates. ultimate-guitar loved the story so much that they decided to write about it on their website. check out the full article below. read morethe most expensive three-channel amp? it's joe bonamassa... of course it's the most expensive three-channel amp! joe gave ams an exclusive sneak peek at his current rig, including his "three-channel amp" — which sports multiple dumbles, fender twins, marshalls, a klon, and a bunch of other ridiculous vintage gear. guitar player and musicradar couldn't resist the incredible gear and wrote about it on their websites. check out the full article below. read morepaul reed smith making wavespaul reed smith isn't afraid to tell it exactly like it is (or at least how he sees it), and he really let it rip when he visited american musical supply. he talked about everything from his feelings on tonewoods, whether hardware affects tone, the big deal (or not) about vintage gear, and whether the country of manufacturing matters. these opinions were so radical that several outlets picked up the story, including guitar player, guitar world, musicradar, and ultimate-guitar. read the full article below. read more"i apologize for what's about to happen" - steve morsewhen ams had legendary guitarist steve morse into the studio for a jam, he decided to pay homage to the late jeff beck. he started the song by saying, "i apologize for what's about to happen," before laying down a tasty rendition of "cause we've ended as lovers." the song was so good that multiple news outlets decided to write about it, including guitar player and guitar world. read the article here. read more customer service contact us track your order shipping policy returns about ams advantages payment plans sitemap press releases legal & privacy privacy policy do not sell my info accessibility notice at collection terms of use need help?call us at 800-458-4076follow us on youtube instagram facebook tictok x twitter join our newsletterget the inside track on the latest gear, informative buyer’s guides, price drops and more. newsletterenter email addresssign up copyright © 1996-2025 american musical supply, inc. all rights reserved