来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250506171242/https://www.americanmusical.com/c/drums
================================================================================

drums | american musical supply the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. skip to content get free shipping on all orders!fast free shipping on all orders! talk to a gear expert at 800-458-4076 the best 0% interest payment plans in the business free 1 year extended warranty toggle nav departments guitars best sellers popular brands gibson fender ibanez martin taylor paul reed smith gibsonshop all guitarselectric guitarsguitar ampsguitar effectsacoustic electric guitarsacoustic guitarsguitar stringsguitar accessoriesguitar pickupsnylon string guitarsukulelesstringed instrumentsguitar books cds and dvdsbass popular brands ibanez fender ampeg hartke sire schecter ampegfender bass guitarsshop all basselectric bass guitarsbass guitar ampsbass guitar effectsbass guitar stringsbass guitar direct boxesbass guitar casesbass guitar bagsacoustic bass guitarsbass guitar pickupsbass guitar books cds and dvdslive sound best sellers popular brands qsc electro-voice jbl rcf presonus mackie qscshop all live soundpa speakerslive sound mixerswireless systemspa systemsin ear monitor systemspower amplifiersmicrophonespa speaker accessoriesmicrophone standsmicrophone accessorieslive sound signal processorsaudio playerspower conditionersequipment racks and casesequipment cartslive sound accessoriesrecording popular brands neumann yamaha krk presonus rode shure neumannshop all recordingmixersportable digital recordersstudio monitorsmultitrack recordersrecording microphonesrecording packagesvideo recordersstudio signal processorsaudio masteringrecording accessoriesstudio workstationsblank recording mediacomputer audio popular brands universal audio focusrite antelope audio presonus avid ik multimedia universal audiopresonusshop all computer audioaudio interfacescontrol surfacesmusic recording softwareplug in dsp cardsguitar softwaremidi interfacessound librariescomputer accessorieskeyboards popular brands akai professional yamaha roland korg nord casio akai professionalshop all keyboardssynthesizersworkstationsarrangersbeat productioncontrollerspersonal keyboardsdigital pianosorganssamplerskeyboard accessorieskeyboard ampsthereminsdj best sellers popular brands pioneer dj rane denon dj chauvet dj numark adj lighting pioneer djshop all djdj control surfacesdj mixersdj cd & media playersdj turntablesdj audio interfacesdj lightingkaraoke playersdj effectsdj accessoriesdj turntable cartridgesdj stylusdj phono preampsdj casesdj softwaredrums popular brands alesis roland zildjian yamaha mapex tama alesismapexshop all drumsdrum setselectronic drumsdrum machinesdrum hardwarecymbalsdrum accessoriessnare drumsbass drumskids drums and percussionpercussionaccessories popular brands pig hog mogami hosa gator on-stage cbi pig hog cablesaudio-technicashop all accessoriesaudio cablesheadphonesheadphone ampsgift cardsmusic standsmetronomesharmonicasaccordions and concertinasmusic clothing brands outlet zone new gear content hub am search sign in accountcreate an account my cart account 18 payments with 0% interest on select live sound brandsfast and free shipping! most orders arrive in 2 days or less! home drums drums electronic or acoustic, professional, intermediate, or beginner - ams is your place for drums, percussion and accessories. kits, hardware, cymbals, and more, with 0% interest payment plans on top names such as tama, gretsch and drum workshop! shop by category limited-time savings rebate zone shop now get to know your ams sales agents read more drum sets electronic drums drum machines drum hardware cymbals drum accessories snare drums bass drums kids drums and percussion percussion this is a carousel slides. use next and previous buttons to navigate. american musical supply is excited to be your stop for drums and percussion – everything from drum sets, electronic drum kits, cymbals, snare drums, toms, and hardware to drum machines, hand drums, world percussion, percussion for kids, and a whole lot more! we offer true 0% interest payment plans - applying is easy. use your own debit or credit card, enjoy fast and free shipping, and add drums and percussion to your creative setup. we make buying drums and percussion instruments quick and easy - in-stock items that are ordered before 5pm will ship out the same day! (see our shipping information page for more details) do you have questions about the drums and want to know which items would be best for you? give us a call at 800-319-9043 - our experts are standing by. acoustic drum sets are the main engine that drives all types of live music – rock, heavy metal, r&b, funk, pop, jazz, afro-cuban, world music of all types - and that’s really just a start. tama, drum workshop, pearl, ludwig, and yamaha are just a few of the incredible drum companies that we’re excited to carry! 5-piece drum sets consist of a bass (or kick) drum, two toms that are mounted to the top of the bass drum, a separate floor tom, and a snare drum. 3- and 4-piece drum sets are built around different combinations of bass, tom, and snare, making them a bit more stripped down and ideal for home practice, quick gigs, and travel use. 6-piece drum sets and 7-piece drum sets usually have extra mounted toms or floor toms of different sizes added to the mix, giving you more colors and tones to play with. we’re stocked with a variety of different drum sets and we’ll help you find the right one, no matter your age and ability. an all-in-one kit is just the thing for an advancing player - drums, drumheads, cymbals, and all of the necessary hardware are included. if you’re ready to take the step into a professional drum set, we have shell kits that represent the best that drum companies have to offer. professional drum shells are carefully made using multiple layers (often called plys) of solid wood, including maple, birch, oak, walnut, and other select hardwoods. these shell packs only include the drums themselves, but don’t worry, you can bundle drum hardware pieces to your order and still enjoy easy monthly payments with an ams 0% interest payment plan! if you’re looking to add on to your existing drum set or would rather customize some of the extra elements, additional snare drums enhance and change up the flavors of any drum kit. ams has wooden snares made from maple, spruce, walnut, and other wood shells, as well as metal snares made from steel, brass, and aluminum. the different sizes, different dimensions, and different build materials each possess their own trademark sounds, and it’s common to see drummers quickly swap out a snare to match the character of a specific song. now that all of the different types of drums have been covered, we need to acknowledge that no drum set would be complete without a full complement of cymbals. zildjian. sabian. paiste. meinl. these are the biggest names in cymbals and represent a fraction of the many cymbals we sell. if you’re looking for a complete collection of cymbals to go with a brand-new drum set or would like everything to possess the same sonic characteristics, our all-inclusive cymbal packages provide incredible value and cover all of the bases. if it’s a truly customized cymbal setup you’re after, our selection of crash cymbals, hi hat cymbals, splash cymbals, and ride cymbals includes a wide range of sizes and colors – bright, crisp, pointed, dark, washy, resonant – they’re all on display and ready to join the party! want to throw some truly wild cymbal sounds to the mix? be sure to check out our collection of special effects cymbals that are sure to add that special spark to your grooves! looking to take the traditional drum set layout and add in the latest technology? you absolutely have to take a look at our selection of electronic drum sets from roland, alesis, yamaha, and other top brands! what is an electronic drum set, you ask? well, they are a collection of trigger pads with built-in sensors that have been designed to look and feel like different types of acoustic drums and cymbals. each pad is then connected to a central sound module which contains a large library of high-quality audio samples. you are then able to assign specific sounds to each pad, as well as control the volume levels of each and add various audio effects. when you strike these pads with drumsticks, the resulting signal is first relayed to the sound module and then transmitted to a pa speaker system or electronic drum amp. attack, release, velocity, and resonance parameters mimic the attack and rebound of standard acoustic drums and cymbals, allowing you to control dynamic contrast and implement traditional drumming techniques. electronic drum sets are also powerful tools in the recording studio. you’re able to run 1/4” instrument cables from the sound module’s output into a digital mixer or audio interface inputs for live recording. why input your electronic drum sounds with a keyboard and mouse when a drummer and an electronic drum set bring authentic performance rhythms and feel to your drum parts? throughout history, percussion has been an important musical aspect of every culture in the world, providing a sense of community, togetherness, and creative expression. it’s easy to add wonderful flavors to your music and kick up your rhythmic palette with percussion instruments from ams! hand drums like djembes, congas, bongos, and cajons. small hand percussion pieces like shakers, tambourines, cowbells, woodblocks, and claves. they’re all here and ready to join your music making, so go ahead and mount them to your drum set or use them standalone. parents, venue creative directors, theater companies, and general music teachers of all types will love our collection of kids drums and percussion – these are the perfect musical tools to teach rhythm and encourage collaborative play in the classroom. continue readingshow lesscustomer service contact us track your order shipping policy returns about ams advantages payment plans sitemap legal & privacy privacy policy do not sell my info accessibility notice at collection need help?call us at 800-458-4076follow us on youtube instagram facebook tictok x twitter join our newsletterget the inside track on the latest gear, informative buyer’s guides, price drops and more. newsletterenter email addresssign up copyright © 1996-2025 american musical supply, inc. all rights reserved