来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131230225926/http://www.batteryjunction.com/service.html
================================================================================

customer service home knowledge center customer service order status shipping information contact us due to inclement weather we are closed thursday 2/13/14. normal business operations will resume 9am est on friday 2/14/14 as a result order processing will be delayed 1 business day. 860-767-8888 m-f 9am-5pm est contact us today! flashlightsshop flashlights by (brand)olight led flashlightsfenix led flashlights surefire full product linenitecore flashlightsjetbeam led flashlightssunwayman flashlightsterraluxklarus flashlightslumapowertitanium innovationsnextorchled lenser flashlightssmith & wesson flashlightsthrunite flashlightsinova flashlightsl.r.i. photonae lightstreamlight flashlightsegear essential gearglo-toobrayovacpelican flashlightsstallion leather gear millite finger lightsmalkoff devices - p60 upgradesmiscellaneousmako group - fab defensenovatac flashlightsduracell flashlightsenergizerpowertac flashlightsspotlight flashlightsunderwater kinetics flashlightsgolight inc. remote control spotlightsniteye flashlightsultimate survival technology lights and accessoriesshop flashlights by (type)every day carry flashlightstactical lightssearch lightsheadlampsbike lightingaa powered flashlightsrechargeable flashlightsemergency essentialskeychain lightslanterns & work lightsultra-violetflashlight and battery combo kitsled flashlight upgrades p60 led drop-in / light enginesflashlight accessorieslandscape lightingkeychain gadgetsshop flashlights by (price)staff favorites 2013staff favorites 2012batterieslithium & alkaline primary batteriesbulk / wholesale battery pricingaa aaacd9v6v & 7.5v lantern batteriesspecialty alkaline batteriescr123a lithium batterieslithium photo batterieslithium thionyl chloride primary batteriesplc batteriesnimh rechargeable batteriesaa nimh rechargeable batteriesaaa nimh rechargeable batteriesc nimh rechargeable batteriessub c nimh rechargeable batteriesd nimh rechargeable batteries9 volts nimh rechargeable batteriesnimh rechargeables - specialty sizes: a, 2/3a, 4/3a, 1/2d, etceneloop storenicd rechargeable batteriesaa nicd rechargeable batteriesaaa nicd rechargeable batteriesc nicd rechargeable batteriesd nicd rechargeable batteriessub c nicd rechargeable batteriesnicd rechargeables batteries - specialty sizes: 2/3a, 4/3a, a, f etcli-ion rechargeable batteries10440 aaa series lithium ion rechargeable batteries (10300 10330 10400 )14500 series aa sized lithium ion rechargeable batteries16340 / rcr123a rechargeable lithium ion batteries17500 17670 series lithium ion rechargeable batteries18650 18500 18350 series lithium ion rechargeable batteries9v lithium ion / lithium polymer rechargeable batteriesprotection circuit modules (pcb / pcm) for lithium ion batteriesbutton & coin cell batteriesview all button & coin cellshearing aid batterieshearing aid batteries10 hearing aid zinc air batteries13 hearing aid zinc air batteries312 hearing aid zinc air batteries675 hearing aid zinc air batteriesbattery packs (nimh & nicd)4.8v battery packs nimh and nicd6.0v battery packs nimh and nicd7.2v battery packs nimh and nicd7.5v battery packs nimh and nicd8.4v battery packs nimh and nicd9.6v battery packs nimh and nicd12v battery packs nimh and nicd24v battery packs nimh and nicdmiscellaneous battery packs nimh and nicdbattery packs (li-ion & li-poly)flashlight battery packsbattery cases, holders & adapterspelican gearbattery testers / analyzerswest mountain radiozts multi-battery testerschargers and accessoriestop 12 chargersbattery chargersbattery & charger combinationssmart charger combos with aa, aaa, or 9v batteriesrechargeable li-ion battery charger combosuniversal smart charger combos with batteriestrickle & timer based charger combos with aa/aaa/c/d/9v batteriessolar chargers and accessoriessunforce solar productscoleman solar productswagan solar productsbattery pack chargersnimh, nicd, and li-ion battery pack chargerssmart chargers for lead acid batteriestravel plug adapters12v power accessories12v dc ==> 110v ac invertersvoltage converters, transformer & regulators ac 110v <==> ac 220vgearcutleryleathermansog specialty knives and toolsunderwater kinetics knivescases and packsmaxpedition hard-use gearpelican gearunderwater kineticssolarcoleman solar productssunforce solar productswagan solar productsopticssmith opticswiley x eyewear and gearoutdoor / survival gear cutlerymaxpedition hard-use geartactical lightsunderwater kineticspelican gearsteripen uv water purifierssurvival apparel survival toolsmarine survival gearsurvival kitsmiscellaneous survival gearall survival gearultimate survival technologiesbike lightingnite ize products niteize frisbees & discsniteize l.e.d. accessoriesniteize flashlight accessoriesniteize hardware accessoriesniteize mobile accessoriesniteize microlight stsother niteize productswagan tech productsvehicle 12v jump boxesdc / ac power invertersother great wagan productswagan solar productswagan flashlightsgun butter - complete firearm lubricantbluetooth hands free devicesmiscellaneous itemssillites direct plug-in window candlesportable massage units and seat cushionshot new productsniteye flashlightsbest sellersclearance dealsspecial offersjumbo jetbeam sale! wholesale home > customer service customer service if you have any questions please don't hesitate to ask. our number one goal is a satisfied customer. thank you for your business. how may we assist you? frequently asked questions general assistance/product questions: contact customer service returns? please click here. wholesale inquiries: batteryjunction.com welcomes your wholesale or oem business. please click here. frequently asked questions: where is my order? how do i calculate the shipping costs for my order? can i pay with a check, money order or wire? coupons & special offers product availabilty/backorders/preorders gift certificates order discrepancies how do i go about returning a purchase? warranty terms of sale rechargeable battery information and care - getting the most from your batteries! battery junction knowledge center - common terms explained does battery junction collect sales tax? promotions and coupns errors and mistakes checks and money orders: yes, we accept checks and money orders. to pay with a check or money order please enter your order directly on the website. during the checkout process, follow these steps: on the page where you enter your billing and shipping information, look for the section entitled 'payment method' leaving 'pay using credit card' checked, click on the dropdown under 'payment method:' and select 'check or money order.' select this option leaving the other payment method fields blank. be sure, of course to fill out you shipping address and select a shipping method. when done select continue review your order on the next screen and then select place order. your order is now placed and you're on the order confirmation screen. on this page you will find the address to mail your check or money order to. please be sure to print out and enclose a copy of the confirmation page or order confirmation email with your check or money order. wire payments: wire payments are only accepted for orders over $500. for orders between $500 and $1500 there is a $35 bank fee which must be added to the wire payment. for orders over $1500 we will waive the bank fee. please contact us in advance of placing an order if you intend to pay via wire. special offers & coupons: from time to time we may offer 'special offers' and/or 'coupons.' these cannot be combined and a choice has to be made by the purchaser as to which one they prefer to utilize. our system will only accept one coupon or promotional code per order. you can sign up for our savings club to receive notifications of our deals here availability, pre-orders and backorders: we make every effort to keep item availability information current so please be sure to see the 'availability' field just above the item price on our item listings. most orders ship in 1-2 business days and we will notify you as soon as possible if there will be any delay longer than 4 days. pre-orders and backorders will be charged at the time the order is placed. we will ship your order as soon as possible and will send a shipment confirmation when the order ships. at our discretion we may ship in-stock items immediately and back-ordered items as they arrive; if this is done at our discretion there will be no additional shipping charges. gift certificates: here's how to use a batteryjunction.com gift certificate: browse or search for an item you want to buy. once you've selected your gift, click on checkout. on the shipping form, you'll see a field that says "enter the coupon or gift certificate code." make sure that you enter the complete gift certificate code and hit apply. tips and tricks valid codes start with the "@" sign. if you have more than one gift certificate, you can enter all of the codes separated by commas. if you have enough funds on the gift certificate to cover the cost of your order you won't be required to enter any payment information. if you don't have enough funds on your gift certificate to cover your entire order, you will be required to pay the remaining balance. order discrepancies: please check your package to verify that you have received everything you ordered. we eagerly want to resolve any discrepancies that may have taken place. please check for any missing items, items damaged in transit, defective items or wrong sizes/colors. we must be notified of any order discrepancies within 7 days of the date of delivery. any notification of a discrepancy more than 7 days from the date of delivery will not be considered. returns: if an item does not meet with your satisfaction for any reason, you are welcome to return it. you must obtain an rma. you must notify us of your desire to return your purchase within 7 days and it must be returned within 15 days of issuance of an rma. returned items must be the same item in the same condition as originally shipped; products which have been modified, welded or soldered are not eligible for return. returns should be shipped insured. refunds are for the final purchase price only, less a 15% restocking fee. shipping costs, insurance, and handling charges (if any) are non-refundable. special orders are not returnable. a credit will be issued as soon as we receive and process your return. please allow up to two billing cycles for a refund to appear on your credit card statement. if the item you have ordered is defective, contact us within the seller warranty period of 30 days and we will replace the defective item for you with an item of equal or greater functionality. we do not pay for return shipping but will pay shipping on the replacement item for domestic orders. international buyers pay shipping both ways. outside of 30 days only manufacturers warranties (if any) apply. if you return for a refund any items that were originally delivered to you under the terms of a free standard shipping offer then we will deduct from your refund our fee for ground delivery. you must obtain a return merchandise authorization ("rma") number within the applicable return policy period. batteryjunction.com will not accept returns without prior authorization and an rma number. once issued, rma numbers are valid for 15 days. batteryjunction.com must receive the returned products within this timeframe. rma numbers will not be extended or reissued. customer should prominently display the rma number(s) on the shipping label of boxes containing the returned product. return rma request - please be sure to reference your order number or failing that your last name and zip code. when and why are restocking fees applied? there is a restocking fee of 15% on all returns for refund (rma refund), unless waived by a customer support agent. we charge this 15% restocking fee for all returns for refund to encourage customers to purchase products they intend to keep. we offer rma replacement (exchanges) without any restocking fee to support customers who have received a defective product. does batteryjunction.com pay the return shipping cost for defective merchandise? no, batteryjunction.com does not pay the return shipping cost for defective merchandise. we are not responsible for product defects, because we do not manufacture the products we carry. however, if you pay to send the item back to batteryjunction.com, we will replace the item and ship the replacement to you at no charge. batteryjunction.com will employ every resource it has to ensure that your item is replaced promptly, without hassle. does batteryjunction.com cross-ship? batteryjunction.com does not cross-ship any items. if you do have a defective item, and it is eligible for a refund or exchange, you can get an rma for a refund or exchange on that item. separate from that, you can re-order the item on the website. you will receive the refund for the defective item once we process the rma. how long does it take for batteryjunction.com to process an rma? rma processing time may vary depending on the product and reason for the return but generally processing time is 2-5 business days once the rma is received and meets all following criteria: return with rma number clearly identified in shipping label or on package. return with all original equipment, components, manuals, cables, documents, packaging. upc code along with retail package if received with such. no physical damage caused by customer or by carrier. item is not out of warranty when it is received. warranty: no guarantee of suitability or fitness for a particular purpose is given. all products sold by batteryjunction.com are new, class a merchandise unless specifically noted to the contrary in the item description. all items delivered by batteryjunction.com are warranted as follows: 30 days limited warranty. this warranty does not cover any damages due to accidents, misuse or negligence. this warranty is limited to the value of goods sold and does not cover any associated damages. batteryjunction.com makes no further warranties unless specified in writing between the parties on this document. terms of sale: batteryjunction.com, it's parent company and subsidiaries shall not be held liable for any special, consequential, incidential or other damages to the product, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of use or any damages or sums paid by buyer to third parties. by buying from batteryjunction.com, you are accepting the terms listed herein including all conditions and returns policies. ct sales tax orders placed in the state of connecticut are subject to a 6.35% state sales tax. promotions and coupons: prices and availability are subject to change without notice. if a coupon code should apply to an offer the discount will be calculated upon entering the coupon code during checkout. coupon codes are limited to one coupon per order, non-transferable, no rain checks, and are not available retroactively errors and mistakes: batteryjunction.com is not responsible for typographical or pricing errors. we reserve the right to cancel any order for any reason. possible reasons for cancellation include but are not limited to the following: potentially fraudulent orders: orders that fail to pass our fraud screening process will be cancelled. incorrect pricing: orders that contain incorrect or erroneous pricing will be cancelled and refunded. batteryjunction.com is a ccr registered, small, woman-owned business cage: 559q3 duns: 141798558 knowledge center newsletter archive gift certificates customer service order status shipping information privacy policy site map savings clubjoin our savings club and receive exclusive savings and discounts on our already low prices! * we respect your privacy and won't share your address.our customers love us! customer service contact us where is my order? frequently asked questions contact customer service returns (rma) wholesale/oem inquiries be social like us on facebook like us on twitter watch us on youtube copyright © 2014 batteryjunction.com all rights reserved.