来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231034547/http://www.blueapron.com/pages/jobs
================================================================================

blue apron: all the ingredients you need to cook a meal. my account sign in sign out menu home learn more on the menu blog gifts sign up my account sign in sign out get started » x jobs about blue apron blue apron is a new york-based e-commerce start-up that is changing the way people cook at home. our weekly service delivers everything you need to make a fresh meal. we go shopping for our customers at wholesale, and deliver all the ingredients in exactly the right proportions, along with beautifully printed recipe cards. it's like having your own private chef-- you'll discover new recipes, eat fresher food, and save both time and money. we're a small, energetic team of foodies and work in a very fast-paced, high-growth environment. our company is backed by top venture capital firms, including first round capital and bessemer venture partners. learn more about us at www.blueapron.com internal recruiter about the role as we grow and scale our business at blue apron we’re looking for an ambitious talent scout to identify and recruit talent for our corporate team. as a start-up, our environment is unstructured so a strong candidate is a self-starter who has 4-6 years of experience finding and closing high-quality, passive candidates quickly. this position is based in new york. we’re looking for a hunter – not a gatherer.  you understand that the most talented candidates might not be actively looking and so you create relationships.  when a new role gets posted, you already have an idea of who you’re going to reach out to. you know where to look for talent.  from understanding what job boards get results, to mastering search lingo for sites like linkedin, it’s easy for you to find candidates worth talking with. you have ideas on how to translate blue apron’s corporate strategy into an employment brand.  you’ve had success building a social media recruiting presence that generated high quality leads. you love to close.  for you, there is no better feeling than signing an important team member on budget and ahead of schedule. you know how to ask the right questions to focus a search from the beginning on the qualifications that matter most.  it’s easy for you to sit down with a hiring manager and create a compelling job description.  you’re a natural coach and managers will develop their interview techniques when they work with you. technical recruiting experience is a plus, but not required.  at a minimum you’re the kind of person who doesn’t shy away from technical jargon.  you look forward to learning the lingo of our technical jobs over time, with support from our tech team. to apply for this position please email your resume and cover letter to jobs@blueapron.com. in your cover letter please (1) describe one way you would attract talent for blue apron and (2) discuss a specific and important quantitative result you’ve achieved in your career to date. director of finance to apply for this position, please send an email to jobs@blueapron.com along with your resume and an email explaining why you are interested in this job. director of food safety to apply for this position, please send an email to jobs@blueapron.com along with your resume and an email explaining why you are interested in this job. software engineer about the role our engineers solve problems for both customers and members of the blue apron team. we evaluate, design, and implement new features to provide more enjoyable experiences for our users. we collaborate to understand and overcome unique scheduling and logistics challenges. we listen to the needs of our internal teams and build tools that bring harmony to complex operational workflows. our stack: ruby on rails, postgresql, rspec, jquery, haml, sass, bootstrap, git, heroku about you you communicate your ideas clearly. you're excited to learn and evaluate new technologies and techniques. you've taken features or products from concept to completion and have experience working with at least one large-scale rails application. you're confident with javascript and css and understand the challenges involved with supporting older browsers. you're mindful of your impact. you write tests to improve the quality and reliability of your code. you help teammates improve when reviewing their work and appreciate feedback when they reciprocate. this role comes with health insurance, a flexible vacation policy, and competitive salary and equity. to apply, please submit a short email outlining your experience and why you are interested along with your resume to jobs@blueapron.com. ux developer to apply for this position, please send an email to jobs@blueapron.com along with your resume and an email explaining why you are interested in this job. systems admin / network admin to apply for this position, please send an email to jobs@blueapron.com along with your resume and an email explaining why you are interested in this job. visual designer about the role we are seeking a designer who believes in our mission of changing the way people eat and wants to work closely with our founding team.  this person will: design new features and enhancements to our online presence create design assets and materials to support marketing initiatives help evolve the overall look and feel of our brand and product. requirements we're looking for a talented, detail-oriented web designer with a passion for visual design who is looking to get in on the ground floor of a rapidly growing business. web and interactive design will be the majority of the responsibilities, but html/css and/or print design experience is a plus. above all, we are looking for somebody who is excited about our product and works well with our team. the role comes with a full-time salary and equity. to apply, please submit your resume, any relevant work samples, and a short email outlining your experience and why you are interested in this job to jobs@blueapron.com. bookkeeping assistant about the role blue apron is looking for a speedy and meticulous candidate to assist with bookkeeping entries, onboarding new hires, maintaining organization of company files, inventorying office supplies, and general administrative and office management responsibilities. the candidate will also provide executive assistance such as calendar management to the ceo of the company. from time to time will also require taking responsibility for special projects as they come up. an ideal candidate would have 2-4 years of administrative or office management experience as well as an understanding of the fundamentals of bookkeeping and some experience with quickbooks or an equivalent bookkeeping system. candidates with some educational background in accounting or hr will be favored as will candidates with some knowledge and experience in the food industry. the most important aspects of the position are strict attention to detail, time management skills, organization, and the ability to develop and implement new systems to keep the day to day operations of a rapidly growing and evolving start-up running smoothly. requirements: college graduate preferred (ideally with a degree in business, accounting, or hr) strong ms skills (word, excel, etc.) familiarity with quickbooks or equivalent accounting software 1-5 years office experience pluses: familiarity with food industry accounts payable (invoicing, receiving, etc.) executive support experience to apply for this position, please send an email to jobs@blueapron.com along with your resume and an email explaining why you are interested in this job. hr coordinator - richmond, ca about the role blue apron is looking for a payroll coordinator to take ownership of the recruiting, onboarding, maintaining of employee records, and payroll management for our growing staff of hourly food workers. successful candidates will have a detailed working knowledge of local, state, and federal labor laws to ensure compliance as well as a knowledge of best practices for ensuring accurate timekeeping and weekly payroll fulfillment. analytic skills relating to scheduling, budgeting, and data collection are required. this is a position which involves a great deal of discretion with confidential information and strong judgement as the primary contact for employees with questions about wages, benefits, garnishments, and general company policies. it also requires the ability to help create, maintain, and foster a positive company culture from recruitment forward. the ability to develop and uphold company hr policies is also necessary. requirements: college degree 2-5 years experience with payroll, benefits, and general hr administration strong ms skills (word, excel primarily) superb communication is a must, both written and verbal ability to think critically and implement new systems (tech solutions included) to ensure compliance and accuracy of record-keeping familiarity with online payroll systems (we use paychex, but a variety of experience is preferred) to apply for this position, please send an email to jobs@blueapron.com along with your resume and an email explaining why you are interested in this job. customer experience associate about the role: we're looking for an enthusiastic and highly-motivated customer experience associate who loves working with people and who is passionate about delivering exceptional customer service. as a member of our growing and fast-paced customer service team this person will answer questions from customer emails and calls, think on their feet to devise creative solutions to problems, and help customers manage their blue apron subscriptions. the ideal candidate can write clearly and quickly, and can carry on a conversation with anybody. we're looking for friendly people who can be both professional and personable. work schedule will be tuesday - saturday. the saturday work can be on your own schedule, 8-9 hours, but not necessarily consecutive. requirements: 1+ years of experience working directly with customers loves working with and talking to people excellent and concise written and oral communication skills demonstrated problem solving ability friendly, helpful, and calming personality comfortable talking on the phone a contagiously happy attitude a love of food and cooking to apply for this position, please send an email to jobs@blueapron.com along with your resume and an email explaining why you are interested in this job. director of purchasing, east coast about the role purchase and maintain optimum levels of inventory to fulfill production of outbound recipe kits. establish and maintain regional vendor relationships while continuously researching new or alternative sources of supply. negotiate with suppliers for favorable prices, terms, quality, and delivery. resolve problems related to invoicing, product quality, or delivery.in coordination with other internal production locations, maintain national vendor programs. monitor produce market conditions to avoid sharp market increases and availability issues. communicate favorable purchasing opportunities to management. understand application of freight and shipping to optimize cost of goods purchased. analyze and maintain recipe food costs to stay within weekly recipe budget. oversee receiving of product in accordance with company receiving procedures. in coordination of quality control, ensure incoming product meets or exceeds the recipe’s quality specifications. ensure accurate, up-to-date item information within the database. enter new products and price changes promptly and accurately into a purchase order system. minimize shrinkage/spoilage of perishable products. obtain credit from suppliers where applicable for returned, damaged, or spoiled goods. coordinate storage of items to be returned to suppliers. participate in periodic inventory counts. conduct inventories as requested by management. attend weekly company meetings and review food cost summaries with the team. requirements: communication skills – must have good listening skills in addition to excellent verbal and written communication abilities. strong negotiation skills. excellent organizational skills. capacity to multitask to meet multiple demands and instructions coming from both the production facility and the corporate headquarters. ability to self-motivate and problem solve in a fast paced setting filled with hard deadlines. computer competency, including excel & word. willingness to learn and grow to meet the changing requirements of the job. minimum of 3 years foodservice experience. pluses: bachelor’s degree in related field. bi-lingual, preferably english and mandarin chinese. produce buying experience. established relationships with growers and shippers. to apply for this position, please send an email to jobs@blueapron.com along with your resume and an email explaining why you are interested in this job. shift supervisor about the role: verify production numbers as products are assembled able to give directions and multitask must be strict and have ability to hold production team accountable work with packaging and sealing machines must be able to direct multiple employees examine and divide batches based on finished weight specifications record product, packaging, and order information on specified forms and records. requirements: 2-5 years working in leadership roll college graduate preferred microsoft excel proficient english language and professional communications skills are required. ability to work calmly and effectively under pressure. must have problem solving abilities, be self-motivated, and organized. commitment to accuracy. working conditions must be available for night shifts 11pm - 8am occasional environmental exposures to cold, heat, and water. must be able speak, read and understand basic directions. to apply for this position, please send an email to jobs@blueapron.com along with your resume and an email explaining why you are interested in this job. operations manager as we grow and scale our business at blue apron we’re looking for a driven problem solver and collaborator to tackle challenges in our operations areas and grow along with our company. as a start-up our environment is unstructured so a strong candidate is a self-starter who has 2-4 years of experience delivering measurable results in abstract environments. this position is based in new york. about the role: from distribution and transportation to customer service, own projects that will directly impact our customers and our bottom line. one example project would be designing a return program so customers can recycle our packaging. you’d research third-party and in-house solutions, make a data-backed proposal to gain buy-in from the team, build sustainable processes to make the program a reality, and lead a cross-disciplinary team to execute on the logistics. we’re growing, and you’ll grow right along with us. push yourself to learn about new parts of the business and leave your comfort zone to take on fresh challenges. deliver impressive results and we will hand you more scope. be a part of our fun and fast-paced start-up culture. there are no stuffy offices or cubicles here. you’ll work closely with a diverse team that’s as passionate about our product and business as you are. have fun outside of the office, too. sample new recipes in our test kitchen, attend weekly happy hours, and angle for a spot on our party-planning committee! requirements: you’re process-oriented and inquisitive. you challenge the status quo. when you notice problems your first instinct is to ask questions to get down to root causes. you frown upon work-arounds and gymnastics and get satisfaction from even small changes that get things running smoothly and efficiently. you have a passion for solving problems collaboratively. you communicate clearly verbally and in writing. you take in feedback and others’ ideas and value brainstorming and working through problems iteratively. numbers are second-nature to you. you analyze data and use data analysis to inform business decisions. you’re an excel expert. comfort working with pivot tables, vlookups, and other advanced excel features strongly preferred. you work with a high sense of urgency and are adept at prioritizing your time. 2-4 years of experience working in logistics, e-commerce operations, supply chain, or a related field a must. experience working with food and food packaging a plus. we’re not all foodies here, though, so don’t fret if your instagram feed doesn’t consist of wall-to-wall food photos. a bachelor’s degree. to apply for this position please email your resume and cover letter to jobs@blueapron.com . in your cover letter please (1) describe the most complex problem you’ve solved and (2) discuss a specific and important quantitative result you’ve achieved in your career to date. marketing manager we are looking for a marketing manager to work on several diverse marketing initiatives with the director of marketing.  this person will help grow and retain our customer base, build brand awareness, and help develop our marketing strategy. about the role: customer acquisition:  identify and execute channels to help us acquire new customers as we grow our business.  help manage current third party vendors, work with them to develop creative assets, review weekly performance reports, etc. email marketing:  increase conversions from our email newsletter.  conceptualize, develop and create email marketing campaigns.  work directly with our email marketing service provide as well as our internal tech team to execute these campaigns and measure their effectiveness strategic partnerships:  help evaluate new opportunities with inbound leads and generate ideas for partnerships help with various additional marketing projects – e.g. managing photo shoots, working with designers/agencies to develop creative assets, etc develop reporting systems to track and measure impact of various initiatives requirements: we’re looking for a smart, self-motivated person who is looking to help fuel a rapidly growing business. the below should only be considered a rough guideline—above all, we are looking for somebody who has a high “get it done” factor, is excited about our product,  and works well with our team (we’re a really fun, diverse team!). • bachelors degree with strong academic performance • 1-3 years experience in e-commerce marketing a plus, but not required • strong interest in developing and driving customer acquisition strategies • experience developing and executing email marketing campaigns • strong copywriting skills • passion for our product and our brand • willingness to participate in everything from executing small projects to helping set high level marketing strategy • experience with technologies including html/php, flash, as it relates to email marketing and html coding is a plus to apply, please submit your resume, and a short cover letter outlining your experience and why you are interested in this job to jobs@blueapron.com. as seen in like us on facebook follow us on twitter follow us on instagram check us out on pinterest get free recipes a new menu in your inbox every week go from the blog mole: a labor of love… mole is usually a labor of love--a process of toasting and grinding and combining. but, we've come up with three shortcuts that make it a dish you'll love that doesn't... like us on facebook follow us on twitter follow us on instagram check us out on pinterest blog contact cookbook faqs gifts jobs team © blue apron, inc. 2013 privacy terms