来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191229194128/https://www.blueapron.com/pages/privacy
================================================================================

blue apron: fresh ingredients, original recipes, delivered to you your blue apron basket checkout checkout continue browsing loading... checkout checkout continue browsing to manage your blue apron membership, log in or sign up here. updating your basket… menu current upcoming reactivate account free meals free meals home on the menu pricing wine gifts market reactivate account what's new how to recycle delivery history account settings help center log out sign up log in account settings delivery history how to recycle log out account settings order history log out sign up log in sign up ba sketch. ba sketchy/ current upcoming reactivate account free meals free meals on the menu pricing wine gifts market my account log in sign up log out × get the perfect wine pairings enjoy delicious wines from top vineyards and winemakers. six 500ml bottles arrive at your door every month. email address state create a password continue already a member? log in by clicking continue, you agree to our terms of use and consent to our privacy policy. × we ship wine to the following states: we’re sorry… currently, we cannot ship wine to alaska provide your email address and we will notify you when that changes. continue we ship wine to the following states: notify me or select a different state continue select a different state we ship wine to the following states: select a different state select state continue we ship wine to the following states: redeem offer privacy policy last updated: december 30, 2019blue apron, llc and our subsidiaries and other affiliates (collectively, “blue apron,” “we,” “us” or “our”) are committed to protecting your privacy.  this privacy policy describes how we collect, use, and disclose the personal information that you provide during your online and offline interactions with us or that we collect about you. as used in this privacy policy, “personal information” means any information that can be used to individually identify a person or household, and may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address, credit or debit card number, title, and other information reasonably linkable to an individual or household with or without other identifying information in our possession.     we may update this policy from time to time, and we will provide notice of any changes, for example, by sending an email notification, providing notice through the sites or updating the “last updated” date at the beginning of this privacy policy.  we encourage you to review this privacy policy whenever you use or access the sites or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. categories of personal information we collect     we may collect the following categories of personal information from or about you:     information commonly used to identify you, such as your name, user name, physical address, email address, phone numbers, and other similar identifiers.  information about your usage of or other interaction with our websites, apps, blogs, or other digital properties (our “sites”).  this information includes actions taken, date and time, frequency, duration, quantity, and performance information related to logins, clicks, messages, how you reached our sites, and other website and feature usage information.  information about your blue apron subscription, purchases or receipt of meal ingredients or other products we offer, or your use of our sites (collectively, our “services”).  this information includes:delivery and dietary preferencesinformation related to returns, refunds and cancellations, andinformation about gift orders and referrals information about your interactions with technical and/or customer supportgeneral information about your product and service preferences, including your interest in products or services offered by third parties, and your demographics, behavior, and predispositions.  information about your device, network, and internet connection, such as your ip address(es), mac address, other device id (udid), device type, operating system type and version, and client version.  basic account information related to your facebook, apple, or other third party account if you choose to register and log in using such an account.  this information includes your username and information from the third party service about whether you entered your password correctly.  (these services are designed so that blue apron doesn’t see your actual password for these services – just whether you got the password right or wrong.) limited payment information.  (when you pay for a blue apron service, your payment information goes directly to a payment processing company who is responsible for keeping your info safe.  we never get your full credit card information.  more info below.)employment-related information from blue apron personnel and or an applicant for personnel positions.  other information you upload, provide, or create while using the sites or our services.  how we collect personal information we collect many of the categories of personal information listed above when you affirmatively give it to us or transact business with us.  you may always choose not to provide that personal information to blue apron, but note that you may be unable to access certain services or features if they require personal information that you have not provided.     we also collect information automatically when you interact with our sites.  you can adjust certain settings, such as by turning off cookies in your browser or adjusting privacy settings in our apps, to reduce the amount of personal information we passively collect from you when you use our services.  because we use these features to enhance your user experience (such as using cookies to remember your user name when you visit our sites or by using push notification in our apps to let you know the status of your blue apron orders), disabling such features may impact our sites’ functionality.     we may also collect some personal information from third-party partners, who may actively or passively collect information on our behalf when you use our sites.  we may also receive personal information that third parties collect in other contexts, such as when you visit other websites that are unaffiliated with blue apron and information collected from you offline.       more about active collection here are some more specific examples of categories of personal information we gather through active collection.      account information: name, email, password, address, phone number, subscription status, and dietary preferences. transaction information: information about the services you purchase, shipping and delivery information and information related to returns, refunds and cancellations. we may also collect and store limited payment information from you, such as payment card type and expiration date and the last four digits of your payment card number; however, we do not collect or store full payment card numbers and all transactions are processed by our third party payment processors.  at present, blue apron uses stripe and apple pay to process payments. information collected directly by stripe and apple pay, including your full payment card information, is governed by rigorous data protection standards that apply to the payment card industry, which you can read in full here: https://stripe.com/privacy and here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht203027.other information you choose to provide, such as when you communicate with us using social media; participate in a survey, contest, promotion or interactive area of the sites; or when you request technical or customer support.more about passive collection blue apron and our third-party service providers automatically collect some information about you when you use our sites, using methods such as cookies and tracking technologies (further described below). information automatically collected includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., html pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and operate the sites.     in addition, when you use some of our sites, network information is transmitted back to us such as site usage information. this information is transmitted back to us, so we can determine how users are interacting with our sites, to assist us with improving our sites and services, and to correct any problems that may occur.     blue apron and the vendors we work with – including web analytics vendors and companies that help us market blue apron services – use various tracking technologies, including cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you when you interact with our sites, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior. cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve the sites and your experience, see which areas and features of the sites are popular, and count visits. web beacons are electronic images that may be used on the sites or in emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. vendors we work with may combine the personal information they collect when you use our sites with information that they collect from other sources.     when you visit our sites from a mobile device, we collect information about the mobile device you use to access or use the sites, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and information about your use of our mobile applications. with your consent, we may also collect information about the location of your device and access and collect information from certain native applications on your device (such as your device’s camera, photo album and phonebook applications) to facilitate your use of certain features of the sites.     we may also collect information about you from other blue apron users.  for example, a blue apron user can use our referral program to tell a friend about our services, providing the friend’s name and email address in the process.  a particularly generous blue apron user might send a friend a gift or gift certificate, providing the friend’s name, email address, and mailing address.  blue apron users are responsible for obtaining any necessary consent from you before submitting your personal information to us.     why we collect personal information we collect and use the categories of personal information listed above in order to get you delicious meals and otherwise provide our services, to communicate with you about your subscription and our services, to provide customer support and troubleshooting, to improve our business, for security purposes, for other legitimate business purposes, or as required by law.       we restrict our use of employment-related information that we collect from blue apron personnel and or an applicant for personnel positions solely for hiring, human resources management, and other employment-related purposes or as required by law. our disclosure of personal information     first, we may share personal information about you with our service providers. these are other companies that help us run our business, and who have promised only to use personal information subject to this privacy policy in order to help blue apron run its business.  we may disclose all of the categories of personal information we have about you with such service providers, for the purposes of providing, running, marketing, personalizing, improving, operating, and maintaining our sites and services.       second, we also share personal information with a limited number of other businesses that aren’t service providers.  these businesses offer services to blue apron, like serving advertisements on our behalf across the internet, serving personalized ads on our website, and providing analytics services.  unlike with our service providers, these businesses have not promised to use personal information that we provide solely in connection with blue apron’s sites and services, and they may use your personal information for other purposes.       under the california consumer protection act, this sharing of personal information may qualify as the “sale” of personal information by blue apron, even though blue apron does not get money in exchange for giving a third party access to your personal information.  blue apron does not knowingly collect or sell information from or about children under 16 without sufficient legal authorization.  for more information about opting out of the “sale” of your personal information, go to the consumer rights section below. third, we also may disclose your personal information when you voluntarily use a site feature that requires sharing of personal information in order to work properly.  for example, if you “like,” “tweet,” “pin,” or share content using the social sharing features or other integrated tools on our sites, you should be aware that the relevant social media company may access personal information from you, and any information that you post may be made broadly available, depending on your privacy settings for your social media account.     last, we disclose personal information to courts, law enforcement, and other appropriate third parties when the disclosure is required or authorized by law or reasonably necessary for the protection of our property or legal rights.     more about our sharing with service providers for example, service providers may get access to personal information so they can help with:     managing your account and sending you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts and support and administrative messagesfulfilling service requestsprotecting against, investigating, and deterring fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized or illegal activityproviding reports to you based on information collected from your use of our servicesprocessing your orders and delivering the services that you have orderedproviding support and assistance in connection with your use of our servicesproviding the ability to contact you and provide you with shipping and billing information and other sites, services, recipes, services, offers, surveys, events and other news and information we think may be of interest to youfacilitating contests, sweepstakes and promotions and processing and delivering entries and rewardsenhancing your experience with our sites responding to your comments, questions and requests and providing customer servicecomplying with our contractual and legal obligations, resolving disputes with users, enforcing our agreementsmonitoring and analyzing trends, usage and activities in connection with the siteslinking or combining  personal information from our various sources of personal information (described above) to help us understand your needs and provide you with a better experiencemore about “sale” of personal information the companies we use for analytics and targeted advertising may use cookies, pixels, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the sites and other websites, including your ip address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversion information. this information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the sites and other websites, and better understand your online activity.     more about social media integrations for more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the social media services that you use and that provide these features.  in other words, facebook, instagram, pinterest, twitter, and similar services all have their own privacy policies that you should read.  blue apron’s privacy policy doesn’t apply to them.     controls over your personal information we encourage you to read this section in full.  but here are the links you may need if you want to make a request related to your personal information, so you have them handy:     opt out of the “sale” of personal informationonline portal for personal info requestsnow onto the full explanation: we do our best to give you reasonable controls over the personal information we collect from or about you as set forth below.  if you reside in california, you may have legal rights with respect to your personal information, including those set forth under the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”).  in order to protect the privacy of all blue apron customers and potential customers from across the united states, we will make our best effort to honor requests made non-california residents.  here are the types of requests you can make:     you may request to opt out of the “sale” of personal information.  whether or not you opt out of the “sale” of personal information, blue apron doesn’t allow marketing companies, advertisers, or anyone else to access to your personal information in exchange for payment.  but some of blue apron’s information sharing practices may qualify as the “sale” of personal information, as “sale” is defined in the california consumer privacy act.  if you opt out of “sale,” we will change these information sharing practices.     you may request access to the personal information that blue apron has collected about you during the previous 12 months, for a copy of personal information in a portable format, that blue apron delete personal information it has about you, and to opt-out of the sale of personal information.       before we disclose or delete personal information in response to any of these requests, we will need to verify your identity.  if you have an account with blue apron, we will verify your identity by having you log-in to your blue apron account.  if you do not have an account with us, please provide your email address.  depending on the nature of your request, we may contact you for further information if appropriate to verify your identity.  note, however, that blue apron will never ask you for sensitive personal or financial information when verifying your identity, and no blue apron employee will ask you to tell them your password.      under certain circumstances, we will not be able to fulfill your request, such as if it prevents us from completing a transaction you initiated, interferes with our regulatory obligations, affects legal matters including a blue apron user’s rights to data contained in their account, we cannot verify your identity, or compliance with your request is not legally required and would involve disproportionate cost or effort.  but in any event we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe and provide you with an explanation. blue apron will not discriminate against anyone that makes a request to access, delete, or limit our use or sale of personal information, but in some cases we will not be able to provide our services to you without that information. visit our online portal to make a request related to personal information about you. you may also make a request by calling 1-888-278-4349 or emailing privacy@blueapron.com.     more about the types of privacy rights requests you can make     access: you can request more information about blue apron’s processing of your personal information during the previous 12 months.  your request can include:     the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collected from you, why we collected that information, the categories of third parties from which we received personal information about you, the categories of third parties with whom we shared that information, and/or the categories of third parties to whom we may have sold that information during the previous 12 months. portability: you can request a copy of your personal information that we have collected about you in a machine-readable format. you can also request that we transmit the data to another entity where technically feasible.     deletion: you can request that we erase some or all of your personal information from our systems.     please be aware that your request to delete personal information may not cover all of the personal information in blue apron’s possession.  we will continue to retain personal information that we use to provide our services to you, preserve the security and functionality of our services, protect our legal rights, and internally for other legitimate business purposes that are consistent with the reason why you provided us with the personal information and reasonable expectations.     opt-out of “sales”: you can ask us not to sell your personal information by clicking on the “do not ‘sell’ my personal information” link above.  you can also use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt-out on your behalf if you provide the agent written permission to do so.  we may require the agent to submit proof that you have authorized them to submit an opt-out request.       if you opt out of the “sale” of information, we will alter or suspend our information sharing with businesses that offer services to blue apron (like serving advertisements on our behalf across the internet, serving personalized ads on our website, and providing analytics services) but that have not promised to use all personal information that we provide them solely in connection with blue apron’s sites and services.       communications preferences we may send you communications (including emails, phone calls, text messages, push notifications, and snail mail) to your account and transactions initiated by you (such as order status updates and billing receipts).  we need the ability to send you these communications to offer the services, so we do not allow you turn them off entirely.  but you can let us know if you have a preferred method for receiving these communications by changing the notification settings in your account, disabling push notifications as described below, or contacting us.  we try our best to honor your reasonable preferences about communications.     we may also send additional communications about the services, such as newsletters and additional options that may be of interest to you.  we do our best to only send this type of communication to people who want to receive it.  if you would like to discontinue receiving these communications, you can update your preferences by using the “unsubscribe” link found in such emails or by contacting us using the information in the “contact us” section of this policy.       more about disabling push notifications note that discontinuing push messages typically requires you to change your settings on your device.  each type of device operates differently, so please check your user manual if you’re having trouble.     data retention how long we retain your personal information depends on the type of data and the purpose for which we process the data. we will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.     security of your personal information blue apron is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. we utilize a combination of industry-standard security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. when we transfer credit card information over the internet, we protect it using transport layer security (tls) encryption technology.     we recommend you take every precaution in protecting your personal information when you are on the internet. for example, change your passwords often, use a combination of upper and lower-case letters, numbers, and symbols when creating passwords, and make sure you use a secure browser.     contact us if you have any questions or comments related to this privacy policy, please send an email to privacy@blueapron.com. you can also contact us by writing to this address:   blue apron, llc privacy requests 28 liberty st., floor 28 new york, ny 10005     if you would like to make a request related to our collection, use, or disclosure of personal information about you, we encourage you to use our online request portal. follow us like us on facebook follow us on twitter follow us on instagram check us out on pinterest discover what's cookin' go sign up for offers, recipes, news & more from the blog zabaglione with fresh berries like us on facebook follow us on twitter follow us on instagram check us out on pinterest on the menu pricing our vision wine market gifts blog cookbook suppliers affiliates supply chains act food safety careers press our team investor relations customer support: help center & faq contact@blueapron.com (646) 891-4349 © blue apron, llc 2019 do not "sell" my info privacy terms apple storedownload on the app store if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 1-844-462-8299 for assistance.