来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231220051925/https://www.blueapron.com/pages/privacy
================================================================================

blue apron: fresh ingredients, original recipes, delivered to you your blue apron basket loading... checkout checkout continue browsing to manage your blue apron membership, log in or sign up here. updating your basket… menu current upcoming reactivate account invites home plans on the menu market gift cards blog reactivate account what's new how to recycle delivery history account settings help center log out sign up log in claim offer coupons will be automatically applied to your orders when your credit card is charged. discount will be taken off of the price of the products and does not apply to shipping or tax, except where otherwise indicated. redeeming this offer results in the purchase of a continuous subscription for which you will automatically receive weekly deliveries billed to your designated payment method until you cancel. account settings delivery history how to recycle log out account settings order history log out sign up log in sign up ba sketch. ba sketchy/ current upcoming reactivate account invites plans on the menu market gift cards blog my account log in sign up log out × get the perfect wine pairings enjoy delicious wines from top vineyards and winemakers. six 500ml bottles arrive at your door every month. by clicking continue, you agree to our terms of use and consent to our privacy policy. email address state create a password continue already a blue apron food or wine member? log in × we ship wine to the following states: we’re sorry… currently, we cannot ship wine to alaska provide your email address and we will notify you when that changes. continue we ship wine to the following states: notify me or select a different state continue select a different state we ship wine to the following states: select a different state select state continue we ship wine to the following states: redeem offer privacy policy last updated: december 22, 2022blue apron, llc and our subsidiaries and other affiliates (collectively, “blue apron,” “we,” “us” or “our”) are committed to protecting your privacy.  this privacy policy describes how we collect, use, and disclose the personal information that you provide during your online and offline interactions with us in using our websites that link to this privacy policy (the "sites") or mobile application, or that we otherwise collect from and about you.  we refer collectively to all of the activities through which we collect information from and about you as the "services." as used in this privacy policy, “personal information” means any information that can be used to individually identify a person or household, and may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address, credit or debit card number, title, and other information reasonably linkable to an individual or household with or without other identifying information in our possession. we may update this policy from time to time, and we will provide notice of any changes as required by applicable law, which may include, for example, by sending an email notification, providing notice through the sites or updating the “last updated” date at the beginning of this privacy policy.  we encourage you to review this privacy policy whenever you use or access the sites or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. this privacy policy contains the following sections: categories of personal information we collecthow we use personal informationcookies, analytics, and advertisingour disclosure of personal informationrights and controls of your personal informationdata retentionsecurity of your personal informationlinks to other sitesadditional privacy information for california residentscontact uscategories of personal information we collect we may collect the following categories of personal information from or about you as explained in this section. information collected from you we collect many of the categories of personal information listed below when you affirmatively give them to us or transact business with us.  you may always choose not to provide personal information to blue apron, but note that you may be unable to access certain services or features if they require personal information that you have not provided.  we collect: identifiers and contact information: information commonly used to identify you, such as your name, user name, physical address, email address, phone numbers, and other similar identifiers. transaction, subscription and customer service information: information about your blue apron subscription, purchases or receipt of meal ingredients or other products we offer, or your use of our sites (collectively, our “services”). this information includes:delivery and dietary preferencesinformation related to returns, refunds and cancellations, andinformation about gift orders and referrals information about your interactions with technical and/or customer supportgeneral preference information: general information about your product and service preferences, including your interest in products or services offered by third parties, and your demographics, behavior, and predispositions.limited payment information:  when you pay for a blue apron service, your payment information is collected and processed by a payment processing company that is responsible for maintaining your financial account information.  we never get your full credit card information. more info below.other information you choose to provide: such as when you communicate with us using social media; participate in a survey, contest, promotion or interactive area of the sites; or when you request technical or customer support.basic account information related to your facebook, apple, or other third party account if you choose to register and log in using such an account: this information includes your username and information from the third party service about whether you entered your password correctly. (these services are designed so that blue apron doesn’t see your actual password for these services – just whether you got the password right or wrong.)information collected from your device and use of the services we also collect information automatically when you interact with our sites.  this information includes: device identifiers and information: information about your device, network, and internet connection, such as your ip address(es), mac address, other device id (udid), referring/exit pages, device type, operating system type and version, browser type, and client version.       usage activity information: information about your usage of or other interaction with our services.  this information includes actions taken, date and time, frequency, duration, quantity, and performance information related to logins, clicks, messages, how you reached our services, and other website and feature usage information.when you visit our sites from a mobile device, we collect information about the mobile device you use to access or use the sites, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and information about your use of our mobile applications. with your consent as required by applicable law, we may also collect information about the precise location of your device and access and collect information from certain native applications on your device (such as your device’s camera, photo album and phonebook applications) to facilitate your use of certain features of the sites. blue apron and our third-party service providers may collect this automatic information using methods such as cookies and tracking technologies (further described below). information collected from other sources we may receive personal information about you from other sources, such as business partners, marketers, researchers, analysts, social network services, and other parties to help us supplement our records. we may also receive personal information that third parties collect in other contexts, such as when you visit other websites that are unaffiliated with blue apron and information collected from you offline. we may also collect information about you from other blue apron users.  for example, a blue apron user can use our referral program to tell a friend about our services, providing the friend’s name and email address in the process.  a particularly generous blue apron user might send a friend a gift or gift certificate, providing the friend’s name, email address, and mailing address.  blue apron users are responsible for obtaining any necessary consent from you before submitting your personal information to us. cookies, analytics, and advertising blue apron and the vendors we work with – including web analytics vendors, online advertising networks, and other companies that help us market blue apron services – use various tracking technologies, including cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you when you interact with our sites, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior. cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve the sites and your experience, see which areas and features of the sites are popular, and count visits. web beacons are electronic images that may be used on the sites or in emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. vendors we work with may combine the personal information they collect when you use our sites with information that they collect from other sources. you can adjust certain settings, such as by turning off cookies in your browser or adjusting privacy settings in our apps, to reduce the amount of personal information we passively collect from you when you use our services.  because we use these features to enhance your user experience (such as using cookies to remember your user name when you visit our sites or by using push notification in our apps to let you know the status of your blue apron orders), disabling such features may impact our sites’ functionality. blue apron strives to provide you with relevant, value-added content in our online advertisements. we work with online analytics and advertising partners to: (1) better understand the use of our services so that we can improve our services; and (2) deliver blue apron advertisements that are more tailored to you both on our services and on third-party services. our partners may also place cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on many online services, including ours. they use these technologies to collect information about your activities on these services in order to deliver you more relevant advertising. for example, they may use the information they collect from their cookies on our services to identify blue apron products and services you might be interested in and to recognize your device so they can show you relevant blue apron advertisements while you are using our services and other services. additionally, we sometimes provide basic information we collect (such as email addresses) to service providers, who may “match” this information in hashed form to cookies, mobile ad identifiers, and other proprietary ids, in order to provide you with more relevant ads when you visit other online services. if you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being put on your devices to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the network advertising initiative’s consumer opt-out link or the digital advertising alliance’s consumer opt-out link to opt out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. for additional ways to opt-out of targeted advertising activities under applicable law, see the “rights and choices” section below.  please note that these opt-outs apply per browser and per device, so you will have to opt out for each device—and each browser on each device—through which you access our services. how we use personal information we collect and use the categories of personal information listed above in order to: deliver you delicious meals and otherwise provide our servicescommunicate with you about your subscription and our services, such as by responding to your requests, providing customer support, and troubleshootingprovide customer support advertise and market the services to youengage in business operations in support of our services, such as auditing, security, analytics, improvement of the services, resolving crashes, preventing fraud, invoicing and accounting, sales, and research and developmentestablish, exercise, or defend our legal rights, and take steps that we reasonably believe to be necessary to protect the safety, security, and rights of blue apron, its employees, service providers, and others, or as otherwise required by law.our disclosure of personal information we may share personal information about you in the following ways: service providers: these are other companies that we share information with for the purposes of providing, running, marketing, personalizing, improving, operating, and maintaining our sites and services. specifically, these entities may assist us in:managing your account and sending you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts and support and administrative messagesfulfilling service requestsprotecting against, investigating, and deterring fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized  or illegal activityproviding reports to you based on information collected from your use of our servicesprocessing your orders and delivering the services that you have orderedproviding support and assistance in connection with your use of our servicesproviding the ability to contact you and provide you with shipping and billing information and other sites, services, recipes, services, offers, surveys, events and other news and information we think may be of interest to youfacilitating contests, sweepstakes and promotions and processing and delivering entries and rewardsenhancing your experience with our sites sending you messages on our behalf requesting information about the services (such as surveys)responding to your comments, questions and requests and providing customer servicecomplying with our contractual and legal obligations, resolving disputes with users, enforcing our agreementsmonitoring and analyzing trends, usage and activities in connection with the siteslinking or combining personal information from our various sources of personal information (described above) to help us understand your needs and provide you with a better experienceadvertising partners: these businesses offer services to blue apron, like serving advertisements on our behalf across the internet  and providing analytics services. for more information about opting out of this activity, go to the "rights and controls" section below.legal purposes: we disclose personal information to courts, law enforcement, and other appropriate third parties when the disclosure is required or authorized by law or reasonably necessary for the protection of our property or legal rights.     business transactions: as our business grows, we may buy, merge, or partner with other companies. in such transactions (including in contemplation of such transactions), information may be among the transferred assets. if a portion or all of our assets are sold or transferred to a third party, customer information (including your email address) would likely be one of the transferred business assets.   other entities with your consent: if you have consented to our disclosure of your information or direct us to disclose your information, we will also do so consistent with your consent or direction.rights and controls over your personal information we do our best to give you reasonable controls over the personal information we collect from or about you as set forth below.  if you reside in california, colorado, connecticut, utah or virginia, you may have legal rights with respect to your personal information.  in order to protect the privacy of all blue apron customers and potential customers from across the united states, we will make our best effort to honor requests made by residents of other states as well.  here are the types of requests you can make: information about the categories of personal information we process, our uses of your personal information, our sources of such information and our disclosure of such informationaccess to the personal information that blue apron has collected about you during the previous 12 months and a copy of certain personal information in a portable formatcorrect certain personal information we have about youdeletion of the personal information we have about you.you may make a request by calling 1-888-278-4349 or emailing privacy@blueapron.com.  before we disclose, correct or delete personal information in response to any of these requests, we will need to verify your identity.  if you have an account with blue apron, we will verify your identity by having you log-in to your blue apron account.  if you do not have an account with us, please provide your email address.  depending on the nature of your request, we may contact you for further information if appropriate to verify your identity.  note, however, that blue apron will never ask you for sensitive personal or financial information when verifying your identity, and no blue apron employee will ask you to tell them your password.   if you are an authorized agent for a california resident submitting a request on their behalf, we may require proof of the written authorization you have received before processing the request. under certain circumstances, we will not be able to fulfill your request, such as if it prevents us from completing a transaction you initiated, interferes with our legal obligations, affects legal matters including a blue apron user’s rights to data contained in their account, we cannot verify your identity, or compliance with your request is not legally required and would involve disproportionate cost or effort.  but in any event we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe and provide you with an explanation.  if we deny your request in whole or in part, the laws in your jurisdiction may provide you with rights to appeal our response.  if applicable, we will provide you with information about your appeal options in our response to you. blue apron will not discriminate against anyone that makes a rights request, but in some cases we will not be able to provide our services to you without that information. opt out of sale of personal information and disclosure of personal information for online targeted advertising.  as explained in the cookies, analytics, and advertising section above, blue apron allows third parties to receive certain information such as cookies, ip address, device identifiers, hashed contact information, browsing behavior, and/or other activity to enable the delivery of targeted advertising to you. blue apron doesn’t allow marketing companies, advertisers, or anyone else to access to your personal information in exchange for payment.  but some of blue apron’s information sharing practices for targeted advertising to you may qualify as the “sale” of personal information or sharing or processing of personal information for targeted advertising, as defined in applicable law. residents of certain states may opt out of the sale of personal information or sharing or processing of their personal information for targeted advertising by clicking on the “do not sell or share my personal information” link: do not sell or share my personal informationnote, if you use a cookie blocker such as ghostery, it may block visibility of this tool. you can also use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt-out on your behalf if you provide the agent written permission to do so.  we may require the agent to submit proof that you have authorized them to submit an opt-out request. you may still receive advertising, it just may not be tailored to your interests.  please note, if you use different browsers, devices, or services you will need to opt out on each browser or device where you want your choice to apply. you may also be presented with form field to provide your email address or other information so we may add it to an appropriate suppression list. please note that if you have a legally recognized browser-based opt out preference signal turned on via your device browser (such as global privacy control), we recognize such preference in accordance and to the extent required by applicable law. communications preferences we may send you communications (including emails, phone calls, text messages, push notifications, and snail mail) to your account and transactions initiated by you (such as order status updates and billing receipts).  we need the ability to send you these communications to offer the services, so we do not allow you turn them off entirely.  but you can let us know if you have a preferred method for receiving these communications by changing the notification settings in your account, disabling push notifications as described below, or contacting us.  we try our best to honor your reasonable preferences about communications. we may also send additional communications about the services, such as newsletters and additional options that may be of interest to you.  we do our best to only send this type of communication to people who want to receive it.  if you would like to discontinue receiving these communications, you can update your preferences by using the “unsubscribe” link found in such emails or by contacting us using the information in the “contact us” section of this policy. disabling push notifications note that discontinuing push messages typically requires you to change your settings on your device.  each type of device operates differently, so please check your user manual if you’re having trouble. data retention how long we retain your personal information depends on the type of data and the purpose for which we process the data. we will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. security of your personal information blue apron is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. we utilize a combination of industry-standard security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. we recommend you take every precaution in protecting your personal information when you are on the internet. for example, change your passwords often, use a combination of upper and lower-case letters, numbers, and symbols when creating passwords, and make sure you use a secure browser. links to other sites please note that when you voluntarily use a site feature provided by a third party that requires sharing of personal information in order to work properly, for example, if you “like,” “tweet,” “pin,” or share content using the social sharing features or other integrated tools on our sites, the relevant social media company may access personal information from you, and any information that you post may be made broadly available, depending on your privacy settings for your social media account.   for more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the social media services that you use and that provide these features.  in other words, facebook, instagram, pinterest, twitter, and similar services all have their own privacy policies that you should read.  blue apron’s privacy policy doesn’t apply to them. additional privacy information for california residents if you are a california resident, the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) requires us to provide you with the following additional information about: (1) the purpose for which we use each category of “personal information” (as defined in the ccpa) we collect; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we (a) disclose such personal information for a business purpose, (b) “share” personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising,” and/or (c) “sell” such personal information. under the ccpa, “sharing” is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites, and “selling” is defined as the disclosure of personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.  we “share” information to provide more relevant and tailored advertising to you regarding our services.  while we do not disclose our customer’s personal information to third parties in exchange for money, our use of third-party analytics services and online advertising services may result in the sharing of online identifiers (e.g., cookie data, ip addresses, device identifiers, and usage information) in a way that may be considered a “sale” under the ccpa. category of personal informationpurposes of usecategories of third parties to which blue apron discloses this personal informationcategories of third parties to which blue apron “shares” and “sells” this personal information for advertising/analytics purposesidentifiers and contact informationprovide the services; communicate with you and provide customer support; advertising and marketing; business operations; legal purposesservice providers; advertising and analytics partners; legal purposes; business transactions; with your consentadvertising and analytics partnerstransaction and customer service informationprovide the services; communicate with you and provide customer support; business operations; legal purposesservice providers; legal purposes; business transactions; with your consentwe do not share/selllimited financial account informationprovide the services;service providers; legal purposes;we do not share/sellcommunicate with you and provide customer support; business operations; legal purposesbusiness transactions; with your consentgeneral preference informationprovide the services; communicate with you and provide customer support; advertising and marketing; business operations; legal purposesservice providers; advertising and analytics partners; legal purposes; business transactions; with your consentadvertising and analytics partnerssocial media informationprovide the services; communicate with you and provide customer support; business operations; legal purposesservice providers; legal purposes; business transactions; with your consentwe do not share/selldevice informationprovide the services; communicate with you and provide customer support; advertising and marketing; business operations; legal purposesservice providers; advertising and analytics partners; legal purposes; business transactions; with your consentadvertising and analytics partnersinformation collected through automated technologiesprovide the services; communicate with you and provide customer support; advertising and marketing; business operations; legal purposesservice providers; advertising and analytics partners; legal purposes; business transactions; with your consentadvertising and analytics partnersfor more information about each category, purpose of use, and the third parties to which we disclose or share information, please see the “categories of personal information we collect,” “how we use personal information,” and “our disclosure of personal information” sections above. your choices regarding “sharing” and “selling”: as described more in the "rights and controls" section of our privacy policy, you have the right to opt out of blue apron’s  sale/sharing of your personal information for purposes of online advertising and related purposes by clicking here. do not sell or share my personal informationplease note that we will also honor legally-required browser-based opt out signals (such as the global privacy control) in accordance with our legal obligations.other ccpa rights. incentive programs.  the services may offer opportunities to receive certain services or benefits such as discounts or free services, which may require the provision of personal information. such opportunities could be considered a financial incentive under applicable law (each, an “incentive program”).  when you participate in an incentive program, you agree to the terms of that incentive program, and may revoke your participation depending on the incentive program (e.g., by opting out of emails). to the extent we can determine the value of your information, we consider the value of providing you with a more personalized experience as well as the expenses we incur in providing incentive programs that are reasonably related to the costs associated with offering the incentives. right to limit.  the ccpa also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the ccpa) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes.  please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for business purposes for which you can opt out under the ccpa. other information rights.  please see the “your controls and choices” section of our privacy policy above for information about the additional rights you have with respect to your personal information under california law and how to exercise them retention of your personal information. please see the “retention of your information” section above. notice concerning do not track.  do not track (“dnt”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. we are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our websites for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide the variety of opt-out mechanisms listed above. some web browsers offer users a “do not track” privacy preference setting in the web browser. we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated do not track signals. learn more about do not track.   please note that “do not track” is a distinct privacy mechanism from the browser-based opt out signals referenced above, which blue apron does honor in accordance with applicable law. california “shine the light” disclosure the california “shine the light” law gives residents of california the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the disclosure of certain categories of personal information (as defined in the shine the light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, or in the alternative, that we provide a cost-free means for consumers to opt out of any such disclosure.  we do not currently disclose your personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. contact us if you have any questions or comments related to this privacy policy, please send an email to privacy@blueapron.com. you can also contact us by writing to this address: blue apron, llcprivacy requests28 liberty st., floor 28new york, ny 10005 follow us follow us on instagram follow us on tiktok like us on facebook check us out on pinterest follow us on youtube discover what's cookin' go sign up for offers, recipes, news & more from the blog supplier spotlight: roth cheese follow us on instagram follow us on tiktok like us on facebook check us out on pinterest follow us on youtube on the menu pricing our vision market gift cards blog cookbook suppliers affiliates supply chains act food safety careers press our team military & veterans students graduates teachers seniors (+55) medical staff first responders customer support: help center & faq contact@blueapron.com (646) 891-4349 © blue apron, llc 2023 do not sell or share my info notice to california residents ad preferences privacy terms apple storedownload on the app store if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 1-844-462-8299 for assistance.