来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231124127/http://www.fashionplaytes.com/content/privacy_policy
================================================================================

privacy policy you've come through a push44.com referral. at checkout, you will automatically get login join help call us toll-free at 1-800-277-2318 design studio browse clothes tops dresses bottoms outer beach lounge doll accessories gifts avatar my collection shopping bag (0) you must have javascript enabled on your browser to use fashionplaytes.com fashionplaytes, inc. privacy policy effective date: 12/03/2010 this privacy policy outlines fashionplaytes, inc.’s policy regarding our online collection of personal information and how we use and share that information. fashionplaytes is committed to creating a safe website and protecting the privacy of our users. please read our privacy policy below in order to fully understand our approach to user safety and the collection and use of personal information. we strive to ensure that the fashionplaytes, inc.’s website, privacy policy and information collection procedures comply with the guidelines and rules published in the united states children’s online privacy protection act (coppa). we encourage you to visit http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html to find out more about the policy and children’s privacy protection. anyone can design and explore on fashionplaytes.com. it is free and registration is not required. some areas of the site, however, are reserved for registered users who have obtained their parents permission to use the site. fashionplaytes has been awarded truste’s privacy seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by truste for compliance with truste’s program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. truste’s mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. if you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at customercare@fashionplaytes.com if you are not satisfied with our response you can contact truste here. the truste program covers only information that is collected through this web site, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site. privacy summary we neither sell nor share your information with outside companies or third parties. when you purchase from our online store, we collect your name, billing and shipping addresses, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. you provide this information so we can process and ship your order. we respect your privacy by not selling or sharing this information. we do encourage you to sign-up for our mailing list. these emails provide you with advanced notice of sales, new merchandise, and other events. but, of course, you have the freedom to add or remove your name from our list at any time. who needs to register? registering is only required for those designers who want to save a garment to their closet or be included in other special activities and promotions. what info is collected? fashionplaytes.com does not collect more personal information than is reasonably necessary to permit a child to participate in activities on the site. fashionplaytes, inc. may collect personal information that is voluntarily provided by you when you order a product, enter a promotion, answer our polls or surveys, register as a member on the site, sign up for additional services on our websites, or communicate with us by mail, telephone or electronically. when a visitor to fashionplaytes.com wants to post something on the site (such as photos or comments in our gallery), we ask designers to provide info that is not personally identifiable (first name only, anonymous user name, age and the state and country where they live). this information is included with their posted content and not used for any other purposes. all postings to fashionplaytes.com are screened by adult staff members before appearing on the site to help ensure children’s online safety and privacy. users are not allowed to post any personally identifiable information. when a designer wants to register on fashionplaytes.com, we ask for the following information: designer’s first name and username designer’s email address designer’s date of birth designer’s city, state, zip code, and country parent or guardian’s e-mail address this information is requested regardless of the age of the designer. use and disclosure of information we use birth dates to validate ages. birthdates, city, state, zip code and country are collected to help us develop the most appropriate content for our visitors. none of this information is sold or rented to any third parties. e-mail addresses are used to communicate with members and their parents about activities on the site and other features. we send requested information to your email addresses as well, including the fashionplaytes newsletter and information about specific fashionplaytes events. fashionplaytes may share personal information with third party vendors engaged by us to perform various administrative, technical, and processing functions. these service providers are not permitted to use personal information for other purposes and are required to maintain it in confidence. in addition, we may share personal information with third parties to the extent reasonably necessary to: protect the security and integrity of our website; establish, assert, or defend our legal rights and those of others; respond to judicial process; provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation related to public safety; or, to the extent permitted or required under applicable law. we encourage parents to be involved with all of their child’s online activities. important information for parents under the children’s online privacy protection act, fashionplaytes is permitted to collect the email address of a child under 13 in order to respond to a one-time request by them for information, – for example, sending an email about our website being launched. we use this information to respond to the one request only, and delete your child’s email address from our system after doing so. only users over the age of 13 can subscribe to our newsletters. which areas on fashionplaytes.com require designer registration? registering is only required for those designers who want to save a garment to their closet or be included in other special activities and promotions. tell-a-friend messaging there are several places on fashionplaytes.com where kids can send an email to a friend telling them about the site or a garment they have designed. the tell-a-friend form asks for the sender’s first name and their friend’s first name and email address. the e-mail address is used only to send an e-mail with information about fashionplaytes to the friend. it is not stored by fashionplaytes or used for any other purpose. links to other sites and additional site features some pages (i.e. our games and chat areas) may have the look and feel of being on our, however the information collected on these pages may not be covered under our privacy statement. all information collected on those sites is owned and controlled by that companies privacy statement. our privacy statement does apply to the information collected on these co-branded sites. you should read the privacy statement of our co-branded partner. our site includes links to other web sites (such as our blog) whose privacy practices may differ from those of fashionplaytes. if you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. we encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any web site you visit. does fashionplaytes use cookies? fashionplaytes uses cookies (small text files placed on your computer’s hard drive) to determine the number of unique visitors to our website over a given period, to improve the website, and, if you have registered, to recognize you when you return to the site. we do not store any personal information in cookies or link information collected through cookies to your personal information. you can always disable cookies on your computer by selecting the appropriate setting in your browser’s preferences or options menu. tracking technologies & third party cookies the use of cookies by our partners is not covered by our privacy statement. we do not have access or control over these cookies. our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers use session id cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. we use a third-party tracking service, which uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about our visitors to our site in the aggregate to capture usage and volume statistics. some of our business partners (e.g., google analytics) use cookies on our site. we have no access to or control over these cookies. this privacy statement covers the use of cookies by fashionplaytes only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party. log data fashionplaytes’ web servers automatically collect log data about visitors to our site. this data typically includes the url of the web site you are coming from, the visitor’s internet protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of the visit, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. fashionplaytes uses this information to learn about how our web site is used, and to improve the site. we may share aggregated log data and/or log data that does not identify you personally with third parties. security the security of your personal information is important to us. when you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl). we follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. if you have any questions about security on our web site, you can contact us at customercare@fashionplaytes.com how can parents update and delete info? designers and parents can view, correct, update and delete personal information provided in the registration process at any time. they will need the registered child’s first name, username, date of birth and password. parents can prevent further collection or use of their child’s personal information by deleting that child’s registration or by unsubscribing the child from the fashionplaytes newsletter by following the directions contained in the newsletter or by contacting us at customercare@fashionplaytes.com. changes in this privacy statement if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. we reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make material changes to how we use personal information collected from children under age 13, we will notify parents by email in order to obtain verifiable parental consent for the new uses of the child’s personal information. questions or concerns? if you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding fashionplaytes’ privacy policy and/or practices, please contact us by calling, writing, or emailing us at: fashionplaytes, inc. 500 cummings center, suite 4100, beverly, ma 01915 1-800-277-2318 email: support@fashionplaytes.com contact us faqs lookbook rss facebook twitter get to know us how it works parent approved behind the seams in the news careers we‘re here to help give us a call: 1-800-277-2318 shipping & returns give us feedback privacy policy terms of use share & connect visit our blog join us on facebook follow us on twitter sign up for our newsletter fashionplaytes.com offers design your own clothing for girls, ages 5-12. girls can create their own designs online and have them shipped right to their door. custom girls clothing options include dresses, tops and t-shirts, doll clothing, matching doll clothing and more. it’s affordable design your own fashion starting at under $20. fashionplaytes.com gift certificates also make the most unique and personal gift for girls. details about fashioncashx you are eligible to earn fashioncash on all orders (including the purchase of gift certificates) between thursday, august 11, 2011 and wednesday, august 31, 2011. on september 1st, we’ll start tallying up the total amount you’ve spent at fashionplaytes.com on clothing, accessories, and gift certificates during the earning period (sorry, redemption of group purchase/deal vouchers or other discounts do not count toward the total amount spent). time to fashioncash-in! on wednesday, september 14th, you’ll receive an email* with all the fashioncash you’ve accumulated over the earning period. you’ll have until the following wednesday, september 21st, to spend your fashioncash on clothing and accessories on fashionplaytes.com. *super important note: fashioncash is tallied-up and delivered based on your email address. please be sure to use the same email address for each order you place with fashionplaytes.com over the earning period. if you believe that you earned fashioncash but do not receive an email containing your fashioncash by 5pm (et) on september 14th, you might want to check your spam box... and if you don’t find it in there, then please send us a note at fashioncash@fashionplaytes.com.