来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151219202014/http://www.fashionplaytes.com:80/
================================================================================

fp girl - magazine featuredfashion inspiration: ponchosnewest on netflix: nightmare before christmasfashion quiz: which thanksgiving outfit is you?9 bedrooms that would make anyone jealous"kerry washington" outfits we love2015-03-31t19:30:46+00002015-03-31t19:30:46+00002015-03-31t19:30:46+00002015-03-31t19:30:46+00002015-03-31t19:30:46+0000 home latest fashion inspiration: ponchos fashion, fashion picknovember 24, 2015 newest on netflix: nightmare before christmas fall crafts, family, life, newnovember 24, 2015 fashion quiz: which thanksgiving outfit is you? fashion, fashion pick, holiday fun, newnovember 23, 2015 9 bedrooms that would make anyone jealous lifenovember 20, 2015 "kerry washington" outfits we love celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, life, newnovember 20, 2015 recipe of the week: pumpkin nutella bars fall crafts, family, holiday fun, life, newnovember 19, 2015 pinterest inspiration: diy headbands fall crafts, life, newnovember 18, 2015 turnup tuesday: best new music celebrities, life, newnovember 17, 2015 weheartit inspiration wednesday: cute cupcakes life, newnovember 16, 2015 fashion quiz: which infinity scarf is your style? fashion, fashion pick, life, new, schoolnovember 13, 2015 life hacks for studying newnovember 12, 2015 fall diy crafts: homemade fall air freshener fall crafts, family, holiday fun, life, newnovember 11, 2015 fashion inspiration: flannel shirts fashion, fashion pick, life, newnovember 10, 2015 motivation monday: energy boosters that are better than coffee family, life, newnovember 9, 2015 pinterest inspiration: diy fringe scarf back to school, fall crafts, fashion, fashion pick, life, newnovember 6, 2015 "malia obama" outfits we love celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, life, newnovember 5, 2015 recipe of the week: apple pie bites fall crafts, family, holiday fun, life, newnovember 4, 2015 life hacks for de-stressing as told by gossip girl back to school, family, life, new, schoolnovember 3, 2015 fashion quiz: which pair of sneakers is for you? fashion, fashion pick, life, new, schoolnovember 2, 2015 friday celebrity roundup celebrities, fashion, newoctober 30, 2015 back to school series: best costumes for school holiday fun, life, new, schooloctober 30, 2015 newest on netflix: goosebumps family, holiday fun, life, newoctober 30, 2015 fall diy crafts: vanilla pumpkin scrub fall crafts, gifts, holiday fun, newoctober 29, 2015 weheartit inspiration wednesday: youtube makeup gurus celebrities, fashion, schooloctober 28, 2015 turnup tuesday: best new music celebritiesoctober 27, 2015 pinterest inspiration: diy lip balm fall crafts, family, gifts, holiday fun, life, newoctober 26, 2015 recipe of the week: banana chocolate chip oatmeal cookies back to school, fall crafts, family, holiday funoctober 25, 2015 friday celebrity roundup quiz celebrities, fashion, life, newoctober 23, 2015 newest on netflix: girl meets world celebrities, family, life, new, schooloctober 22, 2015 zendaya: outfits we love celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, life, newoctober 20, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity roundup! celebrities, fashion, life, newoctober 19, 2015 newest on netflix: charlie and the chocolate factory back to school, holiday funoctober 17, 2015 recipe of the week: salted caramel pretzel snaps back to school, fall crafts, family, holiday fun, life, new, schooloctober 16, 2015 “blake lively” outfits we love celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, newoctober 15, 2015 pinterest inspiration: hairstyles we love! fashion, fashion pick, life, new, schooloctober 14, 2015 fashion inspiration: cozy fall sweaters fashion, fashion pick, life, newoctober 13, 2015 6 lunch ideas that a girl on-the-go needs to see newoctober 13, 2015 friday quiz! celebrity quiz roundup celebrities, life, newoctober 9, 2015 back to school series: fall colors for your wardrobe back to school, fashion, fashion pick, life, newoctober 8, 2015 inspirational women wednesday: michelle obama celebrities, life, newoctober 7, 2015 which pair of fall boots is for you? back to school, fashion, life, newoctober 6, 2015 recipe of the week: pumpkin chocolate chip granola bars back to school, life, new, schooloctober 5, 2015 fashion inspiration: hats for the fall back to school, fashion, fashion pickoctober 2, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup! celebrities, fashionoctober 2, 2015 shailene woodly outfits we love celebrities, fashion, fashion pickoctober 1, 2015 weheartit inspiration wednesday: halloween costumes fashion, fashion pick, holiday funseptember 30, 2015 fall diy crafts: painted pumpkins fall craftsseptember 29, 2015 motivation monday: get organized for school back to school, newseptember 28, 2015 recipe of the week: s'mores dip newseptember 24, 2015 jennifer lawrence outfits we love celebrities, fashion, newseptember 24, 2015 newest on netflix: cloudy with a chance of meatballs 2 newseptember 21, 2015 life hacks for styling your hair back to school, fashion, life, newseptember 18, 2015 lifestyle quiz: which taylor swift are you? celebrities, life, newseptember 18, 2015 inspirational woman wednesday! sheryl sandberg newseptember 16, 2015 weheartit inspiration wednesday: we heart french bulldogs newseptember 16, 2015 fall diy crafts: make your own mug back to school, fall crafts, giftsseptember 15, 2015 celebrity pets & their famous parents celebrities, lifeseptember 15, 2015 recipe of the week: vanilla bean frappuccino newseptember 14, 2015 pinterest inspiration: workout challenges life, newseptember 12, 2015 gigi hadid: outfits we love celebrities, fashion, new, summerseptember 11, 2015 all natural looks we love back to school, fashion, fashion pick, life, new, schoolseptember 10, 2015 fashion inspiration: fall nail colors newseptember 8, 2015 summer crafts: inspiration jar gifts, new, summer, summer craftsseptember 8, 2015 how to accessorize your school uniform back to school, fashion, fashion pick, life, new, schoolseptember 7, 2015 life hacks for everyday life newseptember 4, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup celebrities, fashionseptember 4, 2015 fashion quiz: which backpack is for you? fashion, fashion pickseptember 3, 2015 inspirational woman wednesday! "amy schumer" newseptember 2, 2015 weheartit inspiration wednesday: cities we want to visit! newseptember 2, 2015 diy summer crafts: flower pots newseptember 1, 2015 fashion quiz: first day outfits! newaugust 27, 2015 motivation monday: say no to sugar newaugust 24, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup celebrities, fashion, newaugust 21, 2015 inspirational woman wednesday: emma watson celebrities, newaugust 19, 2015 fashion inspiration: beyonce celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, newaugust 18, 2015 newest on netflix: penguins of madagascar newaugust 17, 2015 million dollar pound cake recipe newaugust 17, 2015 10 pictures that perfectly sum up why brunch wins life, newaugust 16, 2015 absolutely gorgeous malia and sasha obama fashion looks celebrities, fashion, newaugust 16, 2015 fun would you rather questions before school starts newaugust 15, 2015 fashion inspiration: workout outfits newaugust 15, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup newaugust 14, 2015 back to school series: school supplies you need lifeaugust 14, 2015 17 heartfelt would you rather questions about friendship newaugust 14, 2015 fashion quiz: everything plaid fashion, fashion pick, newaugust 13, 2015 thought provoking would you rather questions about your future life, newaugust 13, 2015 life hacks: 5 life-changing tips to organizing your closet life, newaugust 13, 2015 inspirational woman wednesday! "oprah winfrey" celebrities, lifeaugust 12, 2015 13 tough would you rather questions about baby animals life, newaugust 12, 2015 weheartit inspiration: 11 stunningly gorgeous tree tunnels life, newaugust 11, 2015 13 great would you rather questions about celebrity bffs celebrities, life, newaugust 11, 2015 playful would you rather questions: games newaugust 10, 2015 motivation monday: running a 5k life, new, summeraugust 10, 2015 fashion inspiration: demi lovato celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, newaugust 10, 2015 selena gomez outfits we love newaugust 10, 2015 recipe of the week: nutella crepes life, newaugust 9, 2015 pinterest inspiration: 9 dazzling christmas light room setups life, newaugust 8, 2015 back to school series: 5 last minute summer reading books life, new, summeraugust 7, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup newaugust 7, 2015 life hacks: 3 shockingly easy ways to fix broken makeup fashion, newaugust 6, 2015 helping you with awesome back to school looks fashion, fashion pick, life, newaugust 6, 2015 fashion quiz: braids or buns? newaugust 6, 2015 celebrity boyfriend dreams - who would you rather date? celebrities, lifeaugust 5, 2015 fashion quiz: is denim for you? fashion, fashion pick, newaugust 5, 2015 11 funny "would you rather questions" to ask your bff life, newaugust 4, 2015 summer crafts: 3 diy high waisted shorts that are super easy to make fashion, new, summer, summer craftsaugust 4, 2015 fashion inspiration: 4 awesome meghan trainor outfits that rock celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, newaugust 4, 2015 taylor swift songs [then and now] celebrities, newaugust 3, 2015 11 amazing "would you rather" questions to ask your bff life, newaugust 2, 2015 13 times blair waldorf was the best dressed girl [ever] celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, newaugust 1, 2015 4 emma watson outfits that we absolutely love newaugust 1, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup celebrities, newjuly 31, 2015 celeb couple of the week: taylor swift and calvin harris celebrities, newjuly 31, 2015 fashion quiz: are you more kendall or kylie? newjuly 31, 2015 15 of the best activities to do with friends on national friendship day newjuly 30, 2015 pinterest inspiration: 13 cozy reading nooks that make you jealous life, newjuly 30, 2015 6 reasons why throwing a tea party is exactly what you should do this weekend life, new, summerjuly 30, 2015 fashion inspiration: zendaya celebrities, fashion, life, newjuly 29, 2015 the best birthday cake alternatives for a not so average party newjuly 29, 2015 summer crafts: 4 gorgeous diy laptop cover ideas new, summer craftsjuly 29, 2015 14 pictures of food that will have you drooling like crazy newjuly 28, 2015 if unicorns are your spirit animal - you need these 19 accessories newjuly 28, 2015 9 flower accessories that will transform your room life, newjuly 27, 2015 s'mores desserts that will have you ditching the campfire new, summerjuly 27, 2015 6 bath potions you need to add to your water newjuly 26, 2015 4 yummy and easy mug dessert recipes you should make newjuly 25, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup newjuly 24, 2015 the best looking cupcakes you've ever seen newjuly 24, 2015 fashion quiz: which shoe is for you? fashion, fashion pick, newjuly 23, 2015 best beef burger alternatives life, new, summerjuly 23, 2015 15 stunning leggings taken to the next level fashion, fashion pick, newjuly 23, 2015 weheartit inspiration: 9 beautiful and delicious smoothie bowls you should make new, summerjuly 22, 2015 9 yoga poses for a healthier life lifejuly 22, 2015 lunch ideas for girls on-the-go newjuly 21, 2015 get your fruit fashion on with these 11 items! fashion, fashion pick, new, summerjuly 21, 2015 braided hair we wish we could do ourselves fashion, new, summerjuly 21, 2015 11 of the most beautiful pictures in the world newjuly 20, 2015 fashion inspiration: everything is ombre! fashion, newjuly 20, 2015 salads that look so good, you'll actually want to eat them newjuly 19, 2015 pictures that make you want to grab your passport and run life, new, summer, vacationjuly 18, 2015 11 brilliant bedroom setups that we adore life, newjuly 18, 2015 brunch ideas for the saturday night sleepover newjuly 17, 2015 our favorite taylor swift moments celebrities, newjuly 17, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup newjuly 17, 2015 celebrity boyfriend quiz newjuly 16, 2015 14 stunning eye makeup looks you should consider fashion, fashion pick, newjuly 16, 2015 fashion inspiration: summer hats newjuly 16, 2015 love pineapples? then you need these 13 things. newjuly 15, 2015 pinterest inspiration: organizing your bedroom life, newjuly 15, 2015 5 instagram accounts you need to follow right now fashion, life, newjuly 15, 2015 9 reasons why macarons are a girl's best friend life, newjuly 14, 2015 breakfast ideas made in under 10 minutes! newjuly 14, 2015 make fruit fun in one of these 7 ways new, summerjuly 14, 2015 3 simple diy graphic tee ideas you need to try fashion, new, summer craftsjuly 14, 2015 fashion inspiration: best pool party outfits fashion, fashion pick, summerjuly 13, 2015 8 jamberry nail patterns that you need right now fashion, newjuly 13, 2015 hair lookbook: flat iron how to's! life, newjuly 12, 2015 saturday soul sessions: best weekend music life, newjuly 11, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup celebritiesjuly 10, 2015 14 adorable baby animal pictures that will melt your heart newjuly 10, 2015 fashion quiz: rompers, yay or nay? fashion, fashion pickjuly 9, 2015 the starter's guide to wearing makeup life, newjuly 9, 2015 pinterest inspiration: healthy treats newjuly 8, 2015 7 things to add to your smoothie for clearer skin life, newjuly 8, 2015 eat this: avocado toast newjuly 7, 2015 summer crafts: refashion old tees! new, summer craftsjuly 7, 2015 fashion inspiration: stackable bracelets fashion pick, newjuly 6, 2015 4th of july dessert ideas! newjuly 4, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup celebritiesjuly 3, 2015 fashion quiz: which 4th of july outfit is for you fashion, newjuly 2, 2015 6 ways to get active with your friends this summer! summerjuly 2, 2015 summer crafts: diy desk do-over new, summer, summer craftsjune 30, 2015 pinterest inspiration: best summer drinks new, summerjune 29, 2015 monday's [friday] quiz: celebrity quiz roundup celebritiesjune 29, 2015 fashion quiz: what is your jewelry style? fashion, fashion pick, newjune 25, 2015 5 ways to make your visit to the beach, chic! fashion, summerjune 24, 2015 skinny jeans might be bad for your health! fashion, newjune 23, 2015 summer crafts: diy friendship bracelets gifts, summer craftsjune 23, 2015 6 must see movies of the summer 2015 new, summerjune 22, 2015 8 ways to get that bug bite to stop itching! new, summerjune 19, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup celebritiesjune 19, 2015 12 graphic tees that will make you lol fashion, new, summerjune 18, 2015 3 pairs of shoes every girl needs fashion, newjune 17, 2015 summer crafts: diy wall art! new, summer craftsjune 16, 2015 fashion inspiration: maxi skirts fashion, fashion pickjune 15, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup celebrities, newjune 12, 2015 tween fashion inspiration: graduation style by madison de la garza fashionjune 10, 2015 three new tween fashion brands that totally rock! newjune 10, 2015 these disney princess sneakers have us in a tizzy! fashion, newjune 9, 2015 the best of the '90s: the throwback style you need to be wearing now fashion, new, summerjune 9, 2015 one habit that will immediately improve your summer newjune 8, 2015 7 fashion blunders to avoid fashion, newjune 8, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup newjune 5, 2015 10 reasons why we're thankful for our best friends newjune 5, 2015 poll: how often do you swap your pillowcase? (and here's why we ask) newjune 3, 2015 inspiring quotes to live by during summer 2015 new, summerjune 3, 2015 fashion quiz: what's your style personality? fashion, fashion pickjune 2, 2015 fashion quiz: palazzo pants family, fashion, fashion pickjune 1, 2015 still not over frozen? neither are we! fashion, fashion pickjune 1, 2015 summer crafts for kids: american girl diys newmay 29, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup celebrities, fashion, newmay 29, 2015 12 babysitting ideas for new babysitters new, summermay 28, 2015 summer crafts for kids: custom canvas shoes fashion, fashion pick, newmay 28, 2015 3 reasons we love palazzo pants this summer fashion, fashion pick, newmay 27, 2015 have you found your perfect beach bag? new, summermay 26, 2015 vote in our summer crafts poll! newmay 26, 2015 friday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup newmay 22, 2015 transform your space with diy room decor! newmay 22, 2015 quizzes for girls: participate in our summer quiz! newmay 21, 2015 what to bring to a theme park for the best time ever summermay 21, 2015 soul sessions: what's on your summer playlist? new, summermay 19, 2015 11 awesome diy nail designs new, summermay 19, 2015 summer reading list for girls aged 6-13 new, summermay 18, 2015 beach style: embrace the season fashion, fashion pick, summermay 18, 2015 6 must have swimsuit styles this summer fashion, fashion pick, summermay 14, 2015 beach style: bathing suit do's and dont's fashionmay 13, 2015 5 reasons you need a one-piece swimsuit this summer fashionmay 13, 2015 wanderlust: 9 graduation gift ideas for the adventurous newmay 13, 2015 morning routine: how to wash your face like a pro [with graphic] life, newmay 12, 2015 color crush: orange fashion fashionmay 11, 2015 save your skin! 10 sun safety tips you need to follow summermay 11, 2015 celebrity candy colored hair celebrities, fashion, fashion pickmay 8, 2015 fashion pick: flash tattoos fashion, fashion pickmay 8, 2015 swimsuits fashion, vacationmay 5, 2015 $easy ways to make money this summer$ summer, vacationmay 5, 2015 staff pick (cassie) fashion, fashion pickmay 5, 2015 destination vacation life, summer, vacationmay 5, 2015 mother’s day gift ideas family, gifts, lifemay 5, 2015 chambray shirts fashionmay 5, 2015 fashion inspiration: ponchos0fashion, fashion pick  we didn’t have to look far this week for our fashion inspiration! with the chilly weather that seems to be sticking around, we’ve have to scramble for our coziest clothes. luckily, we were able to pull out a piece that always seems to stay in style – the poncho. so many designs and way read morenewest on netflix: nightmare before christmas0fall crafts, family, life, newthis movie is a spooky and funny combo that we know you’ll love! grab your remote and get under the covers for some creepy cartoon fun!   check out this tim burton classic!   via pinterest   the movie follows the life of jack skellington the pumpkin king who is a famous resident of his read morefashion quiz: which thanksgiving outfit is you?1fashion, fashion pick, holiday fun, new  one of our favorite holidays is right around the corner – thanksgiving! not only a holiday that reminds us of what we are thankful for, a time for giving, and some delicious foods with our families – it’s also an occasion for a photo opp and who wants to be featured in the new read more9 bedrooms that would make anyone jealous0life  there is no place like home; specifically your bedroom. what we wouldn’t give to have one of these bedrooms as our own! upvote the room that gives you the most bedroom envy!   photos via weheartit read more“kerry washington” outfits we love0celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, life, new  this week our pick for fabulous fashionista is scandal’s kerry washington. as the unstoppable olivia pope, kerry dominates the world of politics and wears outfits that are perfection!   check out kerry’s best looks!   via pinterest   via pinterest   via pinterest   via pinterest   via pinterest read morerecipe of the week: pumpkin nutella bars0fall crafts, family, holiday fun, life, new[loginradius_share] this week our delicious recipe of the week is for pumpkin nutella bars! these are super easy to make and will make your kitchen smell amazing! check out this pumpkin & nutella combo! via pinterest ingredients: 1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, melted 1/3 cup pumpkin puree 3/4 cup dark brown sugar 1/4 cup read morepinterest inspiration: diy headbands0fall crafts, life, new  nothing is more fun than making something by hand that is super cute to accessorize with. this week’s pinterest inspiration is diy headbands. these are perfect for those days when your hair just won’t cooperate and rather than spend a bunch buying some at the drug store, why not try and make your own? read moreturnup tuesday: best new music0celebrities, life, new  hey friends! happy turnup tuesday where we give you a list of the top 10 songs we’re obsessed with this week! new music makes any bad day better!   get your headphones out!   1. sorry- justin bieber   2. hello – adele     3. hula hoop – omi   4. same old read moreweheartit inspiration wednesday: cute cupcakes0life, new  everyone loves sweet treats but by far the most popular desert within in recent years has been the cupcake! from cupcake wars to various cupcake shops opening throughout the country, it’s clear that cupcakes are here to stay!   check out these adorable & delicious treats!   via pinterest   via pinterest   via read morefashion quiz: which infinity scarf is your style?0fashion, fashion pick, life, new, school  one of the best new ways to accessorize your outfit is to incorporate scarves! they’re a great way to keep your neck warm in the chilly weather and include texture and patterns into your wardrobe. the best part is there are all different types, some are patterned and lighter, some a chunky and cozy, read morelife hacks for studying0new  we can all relate to the feeling of being crushed by school. sometimes we can’t see how a little change can help focus our studying and better our grades. below are some great ways to re-arrange your day in order to remain stress free and sharp!   check out these awesome ways to stay read morefall diy crafts: homemade fall air freshener2fall crafts, family, holiday fun, life, new  one of the best things about fall is the amazing scents that come with it! candles can be the best way to make your house cozy and autumn ready but they can be very expensive. here’s a way to create your own air freshener without breaking the bank!   check out this easy diy read morefashion inspiration: flannel shirts0fashion, fashion pick, life, new  one of the most perfect outfit staples for fall has always been the flannel! whether it’s a classic red and white or a colored one, it’s the perfect element to a adorable autumn outfit! flannels can be paired with jeans, skirts, and even cute dresses. they’re very versatile so if you don’t already have read moremotivation monday: energy boosters that are better than coffee0family, life, new  yes, many of us consider coffee to be our life blood, but sometimes it’s better to get your energy from something other than caffeine! check out these healthy and simple energy boosters to help you during your mid-day slumps.   try these healthy energy boosters!   via odyssey   1. add leafy greens to read morepinterest inspiration: diy fringe scarf0back to school, fall crafts, fashion, fashion pick, life, new  here’s an exciting way to combine fall crafts, accessories and a little diy magic! check out this week’s super easy diy project.   make your own adorable autumn accessory!   via pinterest read more“malia obama” outfits we love0celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, life, new  she’s the president’s daughter and is quickly becoming a fashion icon just like her mom! we’ve seen her grow throughout the years and she always manages to look adorable, modern, but undeniably classy!   check out some of our favorite malia obama looks!   via pinterest   via pinterest   via pinterest   via read morerecipe of the week: apple pie bites0fall crafts, family, holiday fun, life, new  here’s another delicious recipe that screams autumn! these apple bites are super easy and can be made with only a few ingredients!   check out this yummy autumn treat!   via pinterest   ingredients 1 apple, washed and sliced into 8 slices (skin left on) 4 tablespoons brown sugar 3 teaspoons cinnamon 1 tablespoon read morelife hacks for de-stressing as told by gossip girl0back to school, family, life, new, school  we all hit that point during the school year where we feel overwhelmed, stressed, and full of anxiety, whether that be because of our grades, or because of other things, it’s important to take time to de-stress!   check out these life hacks for de-stressing!   write in a journal   it’s important to read morefashion quiz: which pair of sneakers is for you?0fashion, fashion pick, life, new, school  one of the hottest trends right now is dressing up your favorite pair of sneakers! usually we think that sneakers need to be paired with yoga pants and a sweatshirt but this is not the case! check out these adorable sneakers and the outfits you could pair them with below.   check out these read morefriday celebrity roundup0celebrities, fashion, new  this week our favorite famous people are debuting music videos, changing the world, attending ballet class and enjoying all sorts of halloween fun!   check out the latest news on your favorite celebs!   ariana grande via ew   ariana has just released her new song “focus” and it’s sensational! in the music video read moreback to school series: best costumes for school0holiday fun, life, new, school  happy almost halloween friends! i’m sure many of you already have your costumes picked out but just incase your school allows you to have some fun and wear one to school, you might need some extra ideas!   check out these fun costumes for school!   1.) scare crow via pinterest   2.) boo read morenewest on netflix: goosebumps0family, holiday fun, life, new  the first thirteen episodes of the goosebumps tv show are now streaming on netflix! this is the perfect time to catch up on this spooky throwback tv show!   grab the remote and get ready to get spooky!   via pocket lint   the episodes of the goosebumps television series were based on the read morefall diy crafts: vanilla pumpkin scrub0fall crafts, gifts, holiday fun, new  with the cold weather approaching, for many of us this means dry skin! here’s an amazing diy vanilla pumpkin scrub you can make with your friends to keep your skin healthy and glowy during the chilly fall months!   try this vanilla pumpkin scrub diy recipe!   via pinterest   ingredients: 1 cup coconut read moreweheartit inspiration wednesday: youtube makeup gurus0celebrities, fashion, school  ever wonder where some girls learn to do such flawless makeup looks? check out some of our favorite youtube makeup gurus! these ladies promote inner and outer beauty and always try to show drug store products that could be used in place of designer makeup!   check out these beautiful ladies!   carli bybel read moreturnup tuesday: best new music0celebrities[loginradius_share] we’ve made a list of the top 10 new songs! we hope you love them just as much as we do! happy turnup tuesday   1.) nobody- selena gomez 2.) what do you mean? – justin bieber via tumblr 3.) perfect- one direction 4.) confident – demi lovato via mtv 5.) wildest dreams – read morepinterest inspiration: diy lip balm0fall crafts, family, gifts, holiday fun, life, new[loginradius_share] there’s nothing more fun than trying out new crafty ideas with your friends! here is an amazing recipe for homemade lip balm that we think you’ll love! pucker up and try this diy lip balm! via pinterest ingredients: 2 tablespoons of coconut oil 1 tablespoon of beeswax pellets (buy at walmart or on amazon) read morerecipe of the week: banana chocolate chip oatmeal cookies1back to school, fall crafts, family, holiday fun[loginradius_share] there are no words for how yummy this recipe sounds! try it and tell us what you think in the comments below! banana and chocolate chips galore! via pinterest ingredients: 1 large egg 2 small/medium or 1 extra-large ripe bananas mashed 1/2 cup light brown sugar, packed 1/4 cup white sugar 1/4 cup unsalted read morefriday celebrity roundup quiz4celebrities, fashion, life, new[loginradius_share]   happy friday! this week some of our favorite celebrity friends are making exciting announcements and we can’t wait to share all the details with you!   check out the exciting news!   adele   via people   adele released the video for her new single “hello” today and it pretty much exceeded all read morenewest on netflix: girl meets world1celebrities, family, life, new, school[loginradius_share] it doesn’t matter if your in your 20’s or in your teens, you’ve probably heard of boy meets world! well girl meets world visits the next generation of the matthew’s clan and it’s becoming a big hit! cuddle up on the couch with girl meets world! via pinterest ben savage and danielle fishel, who read morezendaya: outfits we love0celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, life, new[loginradius_share] this beauty has been taking the world by storm, from her singing to her dancing, and her amazing acting, we’re pretty sure there’s nothing she can’t do! check out some of our favorite zendaya looks! the queen of fierce! via pinterest via pinterest via pinterest via pinterest via pinterest via pinterest read morefriday quiz: celebrity roundup!0celebrities, fashion, life, new[loginradius_share] happy friday! this week’s roundup is filled with premieres and exciting news from some of our favorite celebrities! check out this week’s celebrity roundup carrie mulligan: you might know this talented beauty from “gatsby” but she has a new movie coming out called suffragette which is about the women’s rights movement! it’s suppose to read morenewest on netflix: charlie and the chocolate factory0back to school, holiday fun[loginradius_share] get into the halloween spirit and grab a bag of candy while you watch this crazy flick! the old version of this film was a cult classic and the remake is just as amazing. with new and colorful features that bring the story to life again, we’re sure you and your friends will love read morerecipe of the week: salted caramel pretzel snaps0back to school, fall crafts, family, holiday fun, life, new, school[loginradius_share] what better way to treat yourself after a long day of school than with a tasty and simple snack that combines salty and sweet! check out these salted caramel snaps! via pinterest ingredients 3 bars milk chocolate melted ½ bag mini pretzels ½ bag caramel squares, melted or more as needed sea salt instructions: read more“blake lively” outfits we love0celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, new[loginradius_share] you may know her as serena van der woodsen, ultimate party girl, but in real life blake lively is a true beauty inside and out with amazing fashion sense! nobody kills it like blake! here are some outfits we are obsessed with. tbh there could be more but this is a website, not a read morepinterest inspiration: hairstyles we love!0fashion, fashion pick, life, new, school[loginradius_share] now that we’re all back in the swing of things early mornings can get a little hectic. here are some fun and easy hairstyles to switch up your look that you should try this week for school! switch it up with these new styles! via pinterest via pinterest via pinterest via pinterest read morefashion inspiration: cozy fall sweaters0fashion, fashion pick, life, new[loginradius_share] there’s nothing better than a chilly fall day to get your outfit ideas stirring! check out these gorgeous knits that definitely make us excited for crisp autumn mornings! pair them with leggings or jeans and you’ll be giving people serious outfit envy. get ready for sweater weather! via pinterest via pinterest via pinterest via read more6 lunch ideas that a girl on-the-go needs to see0newgo go go! life for a girl on-the-go can get pretty frenetic and chaotic! you have to go to school, play a sport, attend clubs and play in performances so it’s no wonder you’re hurrying around most of the time. however, no matter how hectic your schedule is, you should always stay healthy and make read morefriday quiz! celebrity quiz roundup0celebrities, life, new[loginradius_share] checkout out this weeks beautiful ladies in our celebrity roundup! sophia bush: via pinterest with her role on chicago pd getting her amazing reviews and her volunteer work around the world, sophia is a truly inspiring and beautiful celeb! check out season 3 of chicago pd and watch sophia kick butt as detective lindsay! read moreback to school series: fall colors for your wardrobe0back to school, fashion, fashion pick, life, new[loginradius_share] now that school is back in session and fall has begun it’s time to get creative with your everyday outfits! the fall colors are some of the prettiest and these outfits are equally as cute!   check out these simple autumn looks!   1.) maroon via pinterest 2.) navy via pinterest 3.) camel via read moreinspirational women wednesday: michelle obama0celebrities, life, new[loginradius_share]   via pinterest   this week our inspirational woman is none other than the first lady michelle obama! she has spent her time in the white house working to promote health and empowerment for young people, especially young women! she recently gave a speech where she talked about the importance of education for young read morewhich pair of fall boots is for you?0back to school, fashion, life, new[loginradius_share] boots are a great way to accessorize in the fall and stay warm while looking fabulous. check out the boots below and let us know which ones are for you! which type of fashionable footwear is for you? riding boots vs. motorcycle boots riding boots are classic and give off that preppy vibe! pair read morerecipe of the week: pumpkin chocolate chip granola bars0back to school, life, new, school[loginradius_share]   what better way to celebrate the start of october than with fun and delicious treats you can make at home! these pumpkin chocolate chip granola bars are out of this world.   test out this recipe for pumpkin chocolate chip granola bars!     via pinterest   ingredients: 4 cups old fashioned oats read morefashion inspiration: hats for the fall0back to school, fashion, fashion pick[loginradius_share]   now that fall is officially here get out your adorable autumn accessories to keep you warm and stylish! read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup!0celebrities, fashion[loginradius_share]   check out these fabulous celebrities and what they’ve been up to this week! read moreshailene woodly outfits we love1celebrities, fashion, fashion pick[loginradius_share]   shailene woodly has been in the spotlight for quite some time now. starting off on the abc family hit the secret life of the american teenager and her latest work in the divergent trilogy, we can’t help but falling in love with shailene’s personality and her amazing fashion sense! read moreweheartit inspiration wednesday: halloween costumes2fashion, fashion pick, holiday fun[loginradius_share]   halloween is coming at the end of october and we cannot be more excited! but with halloween comes a night of trick or treating with your friends. and more importantly, you need to pick out a costume! read morefall diy crafts: painted pumpkins0fall crafts[loginradius_share]   fall means that the weather gets colder, layers get thicker, and halloween is right around the corner! but who can wait until the end of october to get into the holiday fun? surely not anyone over here. pumpkin carving is a close second to dressing up and trick or treating on halloween. but read moremotivation monday: get organized for school0back to school, new[loginradius_share] school is tough enough, and the best way to get through it is to stay organized. keep on top of your assignments, motivate yourself, and save time with these tips! read morerecipe of the week: s’mores dip1new[loginradius_share]   now that fall is here, what better way to celebrate than with this warm and delicious s’mores dip! make it for an after school snack or a sleepover with your besties!   check out this delicious recipe!     via pinterest   what you’ll need: graham crackers chocolate bars marshmallows   how to read morejennifer lawrence outfits we love0celebrities, fashion, new[loginradius_share]   these jennifer lawrence looks are major style inspiration!     this crop top a skirt is a look that could be rocked all day with some flats, but can change over to a more glamorous look with a change of accessories!     although we don’t think this look could transition from the read morenewest on netflix: cloudy with a chance of meatballs 20new[loginradius_share]     another sequel we can get behind!   summary: if you watched the original cloudy with a chance of meatballs and couldn’t get enough of it, this is your chance. inventor flint is now working for his idol chester v at the live corp company with barb by his side as they help read morelife hacks for styling your hair0back to school, fashion, life, new[loginradius_share] now that school has started you’ll want to cut down your morning routine with these hair hacks that are quick and fun. try these hair hacks to make your life easier! 1.) wet braids into pretty waves after you get out of the shower, spray your damp hair with heat protectant spray and rub read morelifestyle quiz: which taylor swift are you?1celebrities, life, new[loginradius_share]   can’t stop listening to 1989? know all of taylor’s cat’s names? watched the blank space video 100 times? this quiz is for you!   find out which taylor swift matches your personality!   awkward dancing taylor you may not always be the most graceful person in the room but you’re all about having read moreinspirational woman wednesday! sheryl sandberg0new[loginradius_share]   via pinterest   here at fp, we love to see women succeed, that’s why this week we want to talk about sheryl sandberg. once an executive at google, she joined facebook in 2008 and became the first woman on their board, helping to grow the use of the social network globally.   not read moreweheartit inspiration wednesday: we heart french bulldogs2newhey fp girls, we have something very important to discuss. namely, french bulldogs. also known as “frenchies,” this particular breed is known to be excruciatingly adorable. while all dogs are awesome, we think that the french bulldog deserves some recognition this week.     first of all, they fit perfectly in your hands when they’re read morefall diy crafts: make your own mug0back to school, fall crafts, gifts[loginradius_share]   the fall is the perfect time to cuddle up on the couch and watch your favorite movies, light your favorite pumpkin spice candles and do some crafts!   make your own autumn inspired mug!   things you’ll need porcelain mug sharpie your oven alcohol pads   how to:   step 1: sketch out read morecelebrity pets & their famous parents0celebrities, life[loginradius_share]   we all love furry friends but furry friends with famous parents are even more fun! check out these adorable animals and their famous moms and dads.   famous furry friends!   1. norman & bambi! these italian greyhounds belong to beauty kylie jenner   via inquisitr   2. toulouse! this baby was saved read morerecipe of the week: vanilla bean frappuccino0new[loginradius_share]   few things are more awesome than a trip to starbucks, but if you want a chance to release your inner barista, follow this recipe from maebells and make your own copy-cat vanilla bean frappuccino.   via maebells   what you’ll need:   2 cups milk of your choice 2 cups ice 1½ cup read morepinterest inspiration: workout challenges0life, new[loginradius_share]   try this 30 day squat challenge!   via pinterest   now that summer is over and fall is on its way it’s time to think about a way to stay healthy and active during the cooler months! here’s a fun and easy way to incorporate workouts into your daily routine and challenge yourself! read moregigi hadid: outfits we love0celebrities, fashion, new, summer[loginradius_share]   gigi hadid has been all over our timelines and newsfeed as she continues to dominate the fashion world! here are some amazing looks that range from structured and sleek to relaxed and edgy!   gigi is giving us some serious outfit envy!   via glamour   this outfit is pure magic! not just read moreall natural looks we love0back to school, fashion, fashion pick, life, new, school[loginradius_share]   less is more when it comes to all-natural style. try a light, comfortable, and carefree look just by enhancing your natural beauty. it’s about confidence and being comfortable in your own skin. read morefashion inspiration: fall nail colors4new[loginradius_share] fall is around the corner so here’s some colors to add to your collection! check out these adorable autumn shades   via pinterest oxblood this gorgeous deep maroon shade screams autumn! try essie’s “wicked” to get the perfect vampy nail!   via fancythings.com gunmetal grey this cool tone is neutral which means it will read moresummer crafts: inspiration jar0gifts, new, summer, summer crafts[loginradius_share] say goodbye to summer and hello to fall! it’s almost time to unpack your big, cozy sweaters and indulge in a pumpkin latte. get fall started with even more warmth by making your own inspiration jar! decorate the outside using your unique style and then fill it with positive thoughts, compliments or even a read morehow to accessorize your school uniform0back to school, fashion, fashion pick, life, new, school[loginradius_share]   go to a school with a uniform but hate not standing out? we’ve got some tips for you on how to accessorize your school uniform to look unique! read morelife hacks for everyday life1new[loginradius_share]   everyone wants to make their lives a little easier, and we’ve got a few tricks up our sleeve that you can use to give yourself an edge everyday! read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0celebrities, fashion[loginradius_share]   it’s the first fp friday for the 2015-2016 school year, how exciting! to kick off your first weekend after being back at school, we’ve got everything you missed in the celeb world. read and play along! read morefashion quiz: which backpack is for you?0fashion, fashion pick[loginradius_share]   one of the most exciting parts about going back to school is getting together all your new supplies, books, and clothes. you need something functional and dependable that can carry all of that! why not get something that reflects your unique eye for fashion? take a look at some of these super cute read moreinspirational woman wednesday! “amy schumer”0new[loginradius_share] hey fp girls! sometimes, the best way to make yourself feel better is to just make fun of yourself! no one is perfect, and we shouldn’t expect ourselves to be either. if there’s one woman who knows how to make fun of herself the best, it’s amy schumer. amy, a comedian, is probably one read moreweheartit inspiration wednesday: cities we want to visit!1new[loginradius_share] hey fp girls, or should i say, “bonjour!”. after skimming through weheartit the other day, we came across some pictures of cities and places around the world that made us want to pack up a suitcase and travel! since we can’t exactly do that right now, we’ve made a bucket list of cities we read morediy summer crafts: flower pots0new[loginradius_share] although summer is sadly coming to an end, it doesn’t mean the crafting has to stop! during these last few days of warmth and sun, try making these adorable flower pots that’ll make you feel like picasso! they’ll brighten up your garden, your room, your kitchen, or wherever you want to put them! check read morefashion quiz: first day outfits!7new[loginradius_share] hey there, fp girls! with the start of the school year just around the corner, the first thing on our mind is…what are we going to wear on the first day?! every girl always stresses over what to wear on the first day, but we’re doing the work for you this year! we know read moremotivation monday: say no to sugar0new[loginradius_share] hey there, fp girls! with a whole new school year ahead of us, it’s important to start thinking about how to feel like the best, healthiest versions of ourselves. if you’re like a lot of girls here at fp, you probably have a sweet tooth…or multiple! while it can be hard to “say no read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup2celebrities, fashion, new[loginradius_share] what would a hot summer week be without some equally hot celebrity gossip and stories! bringing it all to you, here is our weekly celebrity quiz roundup! read moreinspirational woman wednesday: emma watson0celebrities, new[loginradius_share] what isn’t there to love about emma watson. famous movie star and one of the biggest players in women’s rights in the 21st century? girl has got it goin’ on. in honor of all that she does, emma has made it on our list of inspirational women to look up to! read morefashion inspiration: beyonce0celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, new[loginradius_share] beyonce is queen b. we all know that! it’s no surprise that she always wakes up looking #flawless! her outfits and her style are always on point, and she is totally our fashion inspiration of this week. check out some of our favorite beyonce looks! read morenewest on netflix: penguins of madagascar1new[loginradius_share] penguins!! need a new movie to watch? why not give penguins of madagascar a try? this action-packed movie, stars our favorite penguins and is filled with hilarious antics and gut-busting lines of dialogue! read moremillion dollar pound cake recipe2new[loginradius_share] hey fp girls, hope everyone is having an awesome weekend! we’re always looking for yummy recipes here at fp, and today we’re giving you a recipe that is truly one in a million. drumroll please…the million dollar pound cake recipe! read more10 pictures that perfectly sum up why brunch wins0life, new[loginradius_share] sleeping late on weekends brunch is for those of us who are too lazy to get up early and eat a proper breakfast. as a result, brunch takes place on the weekends between the times of 10am to 3pm. more importantly, now you won’t have to decide whether you want breakfast for lunch or read moreabsolutely gorgeous malia and sasha obama fashion looks0celebrities, fashion, new[loginradius_share] two goddesses of style! malia and sasha, the daughters of president obama, don’t come under the limelight too often. but when they make appearances alongside their famous parents, they do it with style! both girl’s emulate their mother’s, first lady michelle obama, unique and distinct brand of fashion which consists of bright colors and read morefun would you rather questions before school starts0new[loginradius_share] school is back in session in a few weeks and it’s time to start planning! although we still are enjoying summer, a great way to get yourself ready for the year ahead is by playing this round of would you rather questions with us! grab a friend and play together for double the fun! read morefashion inspiration: workout outfits2new[loginradius_share] you know what makes working out fun? having really cute workout outfits! believe it or not, you might actually enjoy getting some exercise more if you splurge on some cute workout apparel. who doesn’t love a bright pair of nike’s and some awesome running shorts? check out some fashion inspiration we found to see read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0new[loginradius_share] happy friday to all you fp girls! i know you’re all looking forward to hearing about the celebrity news from this week, so let’s get right into it! read moreback to school series: school supplies you need0life[loginradius_share] autumn’s almost here! although we don’t want summer to end, the beginning of autumn is fast approaching! hot, apple pies, red leaves and school are coming along with autumn’s first, chilly breath. going back to school can be a sad and intimidating time but it shouldn’t be! with great friends, interesting classes and fun read more17 heartfelt would you rather questions about friendship0new[loginradius_share] true friends friends are always there for you through the thick and thin. that’s what friends are for, right? many of us would go to great lengths to make our friends happy and they would do the same for us. it’s time for another would you rather questions game and the subject is, you read morefashion quiz: everything plaid0fashion, fashion pick, new[loginradius_share] all these years plaid clothing has remained a chic classic through the long years. in terms of fashion, if something manages to stay stylish for longer than a decade, that’s a big accomplishment. so the fact that plaid has hung around in the fashion world for so long means that it’s definitely worth incorporating read morethought provoking would you rather questions about your future0life, new[loginradius_share] thinking about your future is something that every young girl does. what we want to do when we grow up, who will we be friends with, what will we drive and more, are all thoughts we have! in the spirit of looking towards the future – bright futures especially for fp girls, we thought read morelife hacks: 5 life-changing tips to organizing your closet0life, new[loginradius_share] messy closets! everyone knows that if you don’t know where something goes in your room, it usually just ends up in the closet. unfortunately, it can get a bit crowded in there. not all of us have a blair waldorf sized closet! for those of us with humble storage space, here are some great read moreinspirational woman wednesday! “oprah winfrey”0celebrities, life[loginradius_share] what a goddess! oprah winfrey. that is the name is one of america’s most famous and most beloved celebrities. she has been awarded the presidential medal of freedom and even been named one of america’s most powerful and influential women by forbes. why does she have all of these titles? well, one reason is read more13 tough would you rather questions about baby animals0life, new[loginradius_share] so cute!! baby animals are the sunshine of our lives! their small, fluffy bodies, big and adoring eyes never fail to melt our hearts or elicit a squeal from us. what could be harder than resisting the urge to kiss and pet their warm faces and soft bodies? how about making choices about these read moreweheartit inspiration: 11 stunningly gorgeous tree tunnels0life, new[loginradius_share] where do they go? there’s something inexplicably magical about tree tunnels. the sense of wonder, the sacred stillness, dimmed light you experience while walking through these beautiful tunnels makes every experience special and memorable. and let’s admit it, we’ve harbored a tiny hope that the tree-laden passages are a portal to another world and read more13 great would you rather questions about celebrity bffs1celebrities, life, new[loginradius_share] celebrity friends! haven’t we all wished at one point that we could hang out with our favorite celebrities? that we could talk to them, ask them questions or just hang out with them? away from the eyes of the media and the camera of the paparazzi, it would be a dream come true to read moreplayful would you rather questions: games0new[loginradius_share] no one is ever too old for games. board games, trivia game, card games, they’re always a good time! take our would you rather quiz about which kinds of games you like to play the most! read moremotivation monday: running a 5k0life, new, summer[loginradius_share] if you’re new to the running game, a 5k is a great goal to have in mind. 5 kilometers is about 3.1 miles. totally realistic, right? yes! if you’re looking to start running more and need some motivation, we’re here to help you get started. read morefashion inspiration: demi lovato0celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, new[loginradius_share] happy monday, fp girls! today’s fashion inspiration is no other than demi lovato. we love demi because of how confident she always feels and looks, and her outfits show it off! prepare to be inspired with some of her best outfits! read moreselena gomez outfits we love0new[loginradius_share] hey fp gals! we’re always in awe of everything selena gomez wears. her outfits are always so well put together and so chic! although we love pretty much every outfit she’s photographed in, here are a few of our favorites! read morerecipe of the week: nutella crepes2life, new[loginradius_share] what are crepes? crepes are a delicious treat commonly found in the market stands of france. these delicious, golden pastries can be sprinkled with sugar, nuts, or fruit and then rolled up like a burrito and eaten. it may sound a little strange but this sweet dessert is actually very tasty and rich in read morepinterest inspiration: 9 dazzling christmas light room setups0life, new[loginradius_share] so beautiful! there’s something inexplicably magical about twinkling christmas lights. perhaps they call to mind christmas trees swaying on a snowy night or even bright fairies dancing in their leafy havens. either way, we’re all fascinated with these twinkling bulbs and as show of devotion, many of us, especially college students, like to decorate read moreback to school series: 5 last minute summer reading books4life, new, summer[loginradius_share] get that reading done! summers can be so action-packed and filled with fun, outdoor activities so we won’t blame you if you haven’t had time to do your summer reading. however, school is coming up fast so you really do need to finish up your summer books. if the book you picked in the read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0new[loginradius_share] happy friday, fp girls! we hope you had a great week and are getting ready for an awesome weekend! you know what will help get this weekend off on the right foot? the celebrity quiz roundup! make sure you answer our polls to see how your answers compare to other fp girls! read morelife hacks: 3 shockingly easy ways to fix broken makeup0fashion, new[loginradius_share] oh no! not my makeup! isn’t it terrible when your makeup fails you the moment you need it the most? the night before a party or prom, your blush goes to pieces, your lipstick breaks or your mascara turns out to be as dry as the sahara. it may seem like the end of read morehelping you with awesome back to school looks0fashion, fashion pick, life, new[loginradius_share] time for school going back to school can be a fun but nerve-wracking time. after all, your friends may have changed, teachers have changed and it may even be your first time in the school. however, you can impress your classmates with how much you have grown and matured after a restful summer. the read morefashion quiz: braids or buns?0new[loginradius_share] during the summer months, us girls here at fp know how hot it can get! even though we love wearing our hair down, sometimes it’s nice to cool off and put our hair up. the good news is, putting our hair up doesn’t have to mean just a ponytail. we’re here to show you some read morecelebrity boyfriend dreams – who would you rather date?0celebrities, life[loginradius_share] at some point, we’ve all watched a movie and seen a breathtakingly cute guy we can’t take our eyes off of. afterwards, we probably pay more attention to looking at his face than we do at what’s happening in the rest of the movie. then comes the celebrity crush where we can’t stop thinking read morefashion quiz: is denim for you?0fashion, fashion pick, new[loginradius_share] you gotta love denim! fun fact, it used to be only poor people wore denim because the material was thick and sturdy, which let clothing last longer. but now, in the more recent times, denim has grown more popular and become a prominent part of fashion. in fact, a couple of years ago, before read more11 funny “would you rather questions” to ask your bff0life, new[loginradius_share] more games! hey fp girls! we’re back to bring you another round of the wildly popular game, “would you rather.” these questions never seem to get old because you really have to think and there’s no easy answer. though national friendship day has passed, grab your bff again for some more funny and thought-provoking read moresummer crafts: 3 diy high waisted shorts that are super easy to make0fashion, new, summer, summer crafts[loginradius_share] high waisted shorts are so trendy! summertime is the perfect time to wear shorts and show everyone your gorgeous, tanned legs. right now, high-waisted shorts are all the rage as they’re a good way to stay cool in the hot weather. to help you keep up with the trend and to make sure you read morefashion inspiration: 4 awesome meghan trainor outfits that rock0celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, new[loginradius_share] we love meghan! meghan trainor isn’t just a talented and versatile pop singer, she’s a beautiful human being on the inside and outside. in a world of almost exclusively skinny celebrities, meghan encourages women and girls of all sizes to embrace their natural curves. she is a positive force of good who reminds us read moretaylor swift songs [then and now]6celebrities, new[loginradius_share] “time for some taylor swift songs!” most of us, if not all of us, have heard one of taylor swift’s songs. whether on youtube, the radio, in stores, or your friend’s ipod, taylor swift is one of the dominating forces in media today with fans around the world. her creative videos, intense and edgy read more11 amazing “would you rather” questions to ask your bff0life, new[loginradius_share]   bff would you rather time! would you rather games are all the rage these days! they’re simple, fun yet surprisingly thought-provoking so it’s no wonder so many people love trying to answer the questions. you can learn so much about yourself, or the people playing with you from the the answers. so grab read more13 times blair waldorf was the best dressed girl [ever]0celebrities, fashion, fashion pick, new[loginradius_share] blair waldorf, also known as queen b, has taught us many lessons. she’s shown us how to be who we are and to go after what we want. most importantly, though, she taught us how to dress! her outfits were always totally on point, and she didn’t care what anyone thought of her fashion read more4 emma watson outfits that we absolutely love2new[loginradius_share] brains, beauty and talent emma watson is a role model any girl could look up to. smart, brave, kind and beautiful, she stands up for her views and doesn’t let fame get to her head. we first knew her as hermione from the harry potter series and she continues to stun us today with read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0celebrities, new[loginradius_share] it’s hard to believe that it’s friday again! it’s even harder to believe that it’s almost august, where did the summer go?! friday’s celebrity quiz roundup is our fav part of the week, and we hope it’s yours too! read moreceleb couple of the week: taylor swift and calvin harris0celebrities, newhey fp girls! today the spotlight is on our favorite new couple: taylor swift and calvin harris! the two stars (who both have the voice of an angel), seem to be super into each other! check out some pics of our favorite new power couple! read morefashion quiz: are you more kendall or kylie?0new[loginradius_share] not everyone can tell the difference between kylie and kendall jenner, but we definitely can! kylie and kendall jenner both have amazing style, but their fashion sense is pretty different. they both always look drop dead gorgeous! take the polls to see which jenner sister fits your style! read more15 of the best activities to do with friends on national friendship day0new[loginradius_share] bffs always have your back!   from the name, it’s pretty obvious what national friendship day is for. it’s a day where we celebrate those who have stood with us, supported us, and laughed with us. it’s a day where we celebrate the individuals whom we are lucky enough to call friends. so, when read morepinterest inspiration: 13 cozy reading nooks that make you jealous0life, new[loginradius_share] there’s nothing better than books! all book-lovers appreciate a snug and warm place to curl up and read their books. pillows, cushions and soft lighting are essential to making the perfect reading nook. reading nooks should feel safe, enclosed and quiet, the ideal place to forget about the world and to enjoy the words read more6 reasons why throwing a tea party is exactly what you should do this weekend0life, new, summer[loginradius_share] it’s time for some tea! you may think that tea parties are for fussy, high-class british ladies but you are totally wrong! throwing a tea party can be super fun and you can bond with your friends (imaginary or real) over a steaming cup of tea. so when the weekend starts, get off your read morefashion inspiration: zendaya0celebrities, fashion, life, new[loginradius_share]   zendaya is a goddess! face it, most of us are obsessed with zendaya coleman. her bold fashion sense, flawless makeup, and beautiful, natural features make her the focus of our fascination, admiration and fashion inspiration! coupled with the fact that she is fiercely moral, positive and down-to-earth person, what isn’t there to love read morethe best birthday cake alternatives for a not so average party0new[loginradius_share] hey fp girls! do you or one of your friends have a birthday coming up? if so, maybe skip out on the usual birthday cake this year and try something fun and different. candles are still a must, though! read moresummer crafts: 4 gorgeous diy laptop cover ideas0new, summer crafts[loginradius_share] laptops look the same for the most part: a sleek, cover that’s usually silver or black with the manufacturer’s logo stamped somewhere in the middle. it’s not too flashy or flamboyant and there’s nothing to really say that the laptop belongs to you. you could buy a laptop cover but those are pretty expensive read more14 pictures of food that will have you drooling like crazy0new[loginradius_share] if we’re being honest, whenever we’re not actually eating food, we’re probably looking at pictures of food! in between meals, we’re always drooling over pictures of food we see on instagram, online, and pretty much everywhere. it’s safe to say our lives revolve around food. take a look at these pictures of food that read moreif unicorns are your spirit animal – you need these 19 accessories0new[loginradius_share]   unicorns are, without a doubt, some of the most beautiful creatures to exist. with their silky, flowing manes, dainty hooves and glowing horns, it’s hard to deny that they are the image of perfection. if you’ve chosen a unicorn to be your spirit animal, you have great taste! these beautiful and ethereal beings read more9 flower accessories that will transform your room2life, new[loginradius_share]   flowers bring beauty and color and they’re the sure sign of springtime. we give our friends and loved ones flowers to cheer them up or to show them our devotion and love. why not transform your room with some of these pretty flower accessories? that way you can always remember that spring, love read mores’mores desserts that will have you ditching the campfire2new, summer[loginradius_share]   summer nights around the fire can only mean a few things: friends, family, and s’mores! a piece of hersey’s chocolate, a big roasted marshmallow, all between two graham crackers. what could possibly be better than that, right? well we have found the best of the best when it comes to s’mores inspired desserts read more6 bath potions you need to add to your water1new[loginradius_share]   after a long, stressful day at school, it always feels really nice to read a book while taking a hot bath. the warm water loosens tense muscles and you can just soak your troubles away in a cloud of steam. you can make your bath even more relaxing and healthy by adding some read more4 yummy and easy mug dessert recipes you should make0new[loginradius_share]   you didn’t think mugs were just for coffee, did you? well it turns out that mugs are good for other things, such as baking and cooking! yup, that’s right, you can actually make delicious treats with these not-so-boring mugs. it’s easy, convenient and also ensures that you’ll get a healthy portion of food! read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup2new[loginradius_share]   tgif! another week behind us means another celebrity quiz roundup! a lot went down this week in hollywood, so read up and let us know what you think by voting in our polls! read morethe best looking cupcakes you’ve ever seen0new[loginradius_share] if you have a sweet tooth, then you understand our obsession with cupcakes! the perfect combination of cake a frosting and the best part – you can take them with you on-the-go! we searched high and low, got some help from our friends at weheartit.com and found the best looking cupcakes you’ve ever seen! read morefashion quiz: which shoe is for you?0fashion, fashion pick, new[loginradius_share] hello fp girls! we all know that shoes are a girl’s best friend. from heels to flats, boots to flip flops, we can’t get enough of them. out of all the different types of shoes, our question for you today is what kind of shoe is for you? let us know by giving us read morebest beef burger alternatives0life, new, summer[loginradius_share] the word “burger” can mean lots of different things! believe it or not, there are tons of ways to enjoy a burger without the beef. if you’re in the mood for a hearty sandwich but not in the mood for beef, try out some of these delicious beef burger alternatives recipes that you might read more15 stunning leggings taken to the next level0fashion, fashion pick, newleggings! they’re taking over! there’s no other way to put it: leggings are the new jeans. remember a few years back when all you would see was an ocean of blue jeans? now, if you take another look, you’ll see an army of black leggings marching out to the horizon. leggings are popular because one, read moreweheartit inspiration: 9 beautiful and delicious smoothie bowls you should make0new, summeryou have to try a smoothie bowl! if you’ve only drunk smoothies served in cups, you’re missing out on a lot! smoothie bowls are the new in and they’ve come to shake up your kitchen table. what’s great about smoothie bowls is that besides getting a larger portion of deliciousness, you’ll also be able to read more9 yoga poses for a healthier life2life[loginradius_share] yoga looks deceptively simple due to its slow, gliding movements and moments of stillness. however, don’t be fooled! almost all yoga exercises requires precise movements, good balance, flexibility and strength. a good yoga workout will leave you sweating and nursing sore muscles! if you can tough through weekly yoga sessions, the benefits are endless. read morelunch ideas for girls on-the-go0new[loginradius_share] life for a girl on-the-go can get pretty frantic and chaotic! you have to go to school, might play a sport, attend clubs and maybe even play in performances. so it’s no wonder you’re hurrying around most of the time. however, no matter how hectic your schedule is, you should always stay healthy and read moreget your fruit fashion on with these 11 items!0fashion, fashion pick, new, summer[loginradius_share] hey fp girls! today we’re going to be talking about one of our favorite subjects which is, you’ve probably guessed it by now, fruit! not only is fruit delicious and healthy, they also make for great fashion accessories. with their soft colors and unique shapes, it’s no wonder fruit manages to make everything cute read morebraided hair we wish we could do ourselves0fashion, new, summer[loginradius_share] all aboard the braid train! now that’s it’s summer, you can break out the braids for a fashionable and smart way to stay cool. ponytails and pigtails are cute as well but there’s nothing quite so beautiful as braided hair. though braids are simple to do, there are girls who have taken them a step read more11 of the most beautiful pictures in the world0new[loginradius_share] although there are beautiful pictures of exotic flowers, ocean waves and sunsets, we’re going to show you a different kind of beauty. today, we bring you pictures of the most beautiful pictures in the world – fries! what’s not to love about french fries? they’re gloriously golden and hot, fried to a crispy perfection. there’s nothing more read morefashion inspiration: everything is ombre!2fashion, new[loginradius_share] what’s ombre again? in terms of fashion inspiration, ombre is one of the hottest fashion trends right now, especially for hair! ombre is derived from a french word and means “to shade.” this is perfectly fitting as ombre hair means that the color starts dark at the roots but the lightens up starting from read moresalads that look so good, you’ll actually want to eat them2new[loginradius_share] salads get a bad reputation when it comes to food. yes, they are healthy. yes, they are filled with vegetables. yes, they can be dressed up with many colors. no, sorry, they still don’t taste as great as a cheeseburger. but luckily for you, we have found salads that look so good, you’ll actually read morepictures that make you want to grab your passport and run0life, new, summer, vacation[loginradius_share] traveling to places foreign and new is something that 99% of people aspire to do. whether it be family vacations, studying abroad in college, or just taking a break from life and losing yourself in a new culture – traveling is the best! if we could travel to all of the must see spots read more11 brilliant bedroom setups that we adore0life, new[loginradius_share] bedrooms are our private havens from the busy world. you can even decorate them however you want so that they reflect the inner you! they’re the place where you sleep, relax and be yourself. you can laze on your bed to watch netflix or rock out to an awesome beat on your ipod. with read morebrunch ideas for the saturday night sleepover2new[loginradius_share] sundays are for one thing and one thing only: brunch! well, also the homework that you’ve been putting off all weekend. at your saturday night sleepover, you’re probably thinking of the best brunch ideas for the next morning. with the weekend just around the corner, check out these brunch ideas for you and your read moreour favorite taylor swift moments0celebrities, new[loginradius_share] it is hard to narrow down our favorite taylor swift moments, mostly because there are just so freaking many! she is just an all around rockstar when it comes to singing, dancing, and being a great person. she inspires and touches so many of us in all different ways and we love her for read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0new[loginradius_share] it’s that time of week again, fp girls! the celebrity quiz roundup is back after another great week. make sure to give us your opinions by participating in each of the quizzes! ready, set, go! read morecelebrity boyfriend quiz2new[loginradius_share] will you find the one? hey fp girls! it’s time for another quiz and this time, you’ll find out who your red carpet soulmate is with this celebrity boyfriend quiz. we’ll be introducing your potential boyfriends in pairs and it’s up to you to decide which person is your kindred spirit. good luck and read more14 stunning eye makeup looks you should consider1fashion, fashion pick, new[loginradius_share] they say that the eye is the window to the soul or that the eye is filled with endless stars. the bottom line is that eyes are an essential part of how others see you. brown, blue, green, gray, and hazel, all of our eyes are beautiful and unique in their own ways. if read morefashion inspiration: summer hats0new[loginradius_share] we are already close to halfway through summer but that doesn’t mean the summer trends are stopping! hats are big this summer. the sun is hot and our faces can’t be bothered to get burned. look fabulous and protect your skin with a hat. from big to small to floppy and sturdy, all of read morelove pineapples? then you need these 13 things.0new[loginradius_share] “who lives in a pineapple under the sea?” spongebob doesn’t have to be the only person passionate about pineapples. these sweet and tangy fruit are perfect as cocktail adornments and in fruit salads so it’s no wonder this fruit is adored by many.if you’re a pineapple lover be proud and dare to show the read morepinterest inspiration: organizing your bedroom0life, new[loginradius_share] say good-bye to messy bedrooms! have you ever been in the situation where you won’t let your mom or friends come in your room because heaps of dirty laundry cover the floor? or you didn’t want them to smell the odor wafting from the cheese sandwich in your drawer? worry no more! today, we read more5 instagram accounts you need to follow right now0fashion, life, new[loginradius_share] paging all fp instagram fans! take a minute from scrolling down your insta news feed to hear about some awesome accounts you need to follow. you’ll see the best of everything from food to cats, and these are some pictures that you don’t want to miss.  since we’re all glued to our instagram newsfeed read more9 reasons why macarons are a girl’s best friend0life, new[loginradius_share] what are macarons? macarons. these charming snacks are thought to originate from italy but have been taken over by the french. after gaining recognition on a cooking show, they have been eagerly incorporated into america’s repasts! macarons are composed two little round cookies sandwiched together with a filling. they are usually made of ground read morebreakfast ideas made in under 10 minutes!0new[loginradius_share]   hey fp girls! ever wake up after your alarm already went off 3 times and have to hurry to get out the door? we’ve all been there. breakfast is the most important meal of the day, so even when you’re running late it’s important to get some energy. when you’re crunched for time, read moremake fruit fun in one of these 7 ways2new, summer[loginradius_share] fruit is like nature’s candy; it’s so sweet and delicious! if you’re looking for some fun ways to eat more fruit, check out these ideas that are both nutritious and delicious. read more3 simple diy graphic tee ideas you need to try0fashion, new, summer craftstry these easy but beautiful diy graphic tee ideas! now that it’s summer, you can shed your heavy sweaters and coats and unpack your boxes of t-shirts. if you have any plain or unwanted tees, here are three easy-to-do and creative ideas to spice them up! diy graphic tees are the new trend with their read morefashion inspiration: best pool party outfits0fashion, fashion pick, summermake a splash with these pool party outfits! the days are full of golden sunshine and you can see heat waves shimmering off the asphalt. do you know what this means? of course you do! it’s summertime! summer days are perfect for going to pool parties and showing off your chic outfits to friends. below read more8 jamberry nail patterns that you need right now0fashion, new[loginradius_share]  want to spice up your nails? use jamberry nails! jamberry nails are a cheap and easy way to make your hands look glamorous! jamberry nails are solid, film coverings that you can apply directly to your nail. you won’t need to worry about going to a salon or about chipping nail polish. also, you read morehair lookbook: flat iron how to’s!2life, newnot so flat iron looks! take out your flatirons, fp girls! if you’re bored of just straightening your hair, you can actually style it a bunch of different ways using the same tool. your flat iron can give you curls and waves, too! check out these different looks to see how you can style your read moresaturday soul sessions: best weekend music0life, newthank goodness it’s the weekend! it’s been a long, strenuous week and now it’s time to relax at home, sleep in and spend some quality time with friends and family. what better way to spice up your weekend than with some quality music that really leaves you feeling the weekend vibe? here is a list read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0celebritiestgif, fp girls! here is the low down on everything that happened this week with our fav stars. from the breakups, to the makeups, to fashion, we want your opinions, so go vote in our celebrity quiz polls and see what other fp girls think about the drama! read more14 adorable baby animal pictures that will melt your heart0newlook at all of these adorable pictures!   if you haven’t been able to fill up your cute meter lately, now’s the time! here are some of the most adorable baby animal pictures in existence. hold on tight because you may be blasted away by how cute some of these images are! read morefashion quiz: rompers, yay or nay?4fashion, fashion pickfashion quiz of the week   hello again fp girls! we’re back with another hot discussion of fashion and the topic is (drumroll) rompers! rompers are one-piece garments that look a little bit like overalls, but are looser and have shorter and slightly puffier legs. essentially, the romper is supposed to be a combination of read morethe starter’s guide to wearing makeup0life, new[loginradius_share] hey fp girls! today we’re going to talk about makeup. everywhere you look, whether it be in magazines, tv, or your mom’s bathroom, wearing makeup is a part of many people’s daily routine. if you want to start wearing makeup, check out some of these tips to make sure you’re doing it the right way. read morepinterest inspiration: healthy treats0new[loginradius_share] paging all fp girls! i know there are a lot of us out there with a sweet tooth (or multiple). the good news is, there are a lot of ways we can satisfy that sweet tooth of ours that are actually healthy! try some of these recipes when you’re in the mood for a read more7 things to add to your smoothie for clearer skin2life, newclearer skin never tasted so good! you’ve always wanted that beautiful, flawless skin only supermodels seem to have. meanwhile, your skin seems to delight in shocking you with stubborn acne spots or perpetual chapping. worry no more! here are 7 things you can add to a smoothie to clear up your skin. having beautiful skin read more eat this: avocado toast2newhey fp girls! have you been on instagram lately? if so, you’ve probably seen the newest food trend: avocado toast. avocado toast, nicknamed “avo toast”, is a healthy option for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or anything in between. avocadoes are a healthy fat and when eaten in moderation can do you skin and body well! hop read moresummer crafts: refashion old tees!0new, summer crafts[loginradius_share] hey there fp girls! today for our summer crafts series we’re going to look at some chic ways to refashion your old t-shirts. sometimes i find that i have way too many old shirts that i don’t wear, and you can either get rid of them or let the fashionista in you shine. these read morefashion inspiration: stackable bracelets0fashion pick, new[loginradius_share] one of our favorite ways to mix and match our jewelry is using stackable bracelets. and what better time to have an armful of bracelets then the summer? stackable bracelets allow you to add or take away bracelets depending on your mood or your outfit. check out this trend and tell us what you read more4th of july dessert ideas!0newhave a sweet 4th of july! hey fp girls! the 4th of july is coming up, which means barbeques, fireworks, and…dessert! in honor of america’s birthday, here are some amazing patriotic dessert ideas that you can bring to your 4th of july celebrations!   1. brownie and fruit kebabs     you’ll need: brownies strawberries read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0celebritiescelebrity quiz roundup! we are back in action this week bringing you all the stories and gossip from around hollywood and beyond. allergy season has left the fashion playtes office *fingers crossed* so no more celebrity quiz delays! check out what stories we have for you this week and as always, let us know what read morefashion quiz: which 4th of july outfit is for you4fashion, new4th of july fashion quiz! hello fp girls! it’s hard to believe that it’s already july; where did the time go?! with the 4th of july just around the corner, i know everyone is thinking about the perfect red, white, and blue outfit! there are so many different ways you can pair these colors, so read more6 ways to get active with your friends this summer!2summer[loginradius_share] although lounging on the beach is probably what most of us want to do this summer, it’s important that we get active, get outdoors, and stay fit too! if you’re looking for some ways to get active with your friends this summer, look no further! here are 6 ways you can get moving. read moresummer crafts: diy desk do-over0new, summer, summer crafts[loginradius_share] is your desk staring at you with sad, lonely eyes? it might be time to give it a desk do-over. the summer is a perfect time to give your desk a makeover for the upcoming school year. check out these cool techniques that you can try at home to transform your workspace! read morepinterest inspiration: best summer drinks0new, summer[loginradius_share] there’s nothing quite as a refreshing as a cold and refreshing drink on a hot summer day. check out our best summer drinks that you can make by yourself at home. they taste even better than they look! you can thank pinterest for the ideas later! read moremonday’s [friday] quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0celebritiesbetter late than never!   happy monday fp girls! we know we went a little of schedule last week missing our usual friday celebrity quiz roundup but an allergy wave has come our way leaving some of our fp girls a little under the weather! today we are back in action and ready to report read morefashion quiz: what is your jewelry style?4fashion, fashion pick, newfashion quiz of the week! hello fp girls! this week has been all about accessories and we don’t plan on stopping now! one accessory that most of us wear everyday is some sort of jewelry. whether it be a necklace, bracelet, ring, or a pair of earrings, there are so many ways to wear them read more5 ways to make your visit to the beach, chic!0fashion, summersummer time style   some of our fp girls have been asking us how we bring our chic style to everyday activities. specifically, the beach! a place where sand gets everywhere, your hair can never looks the same as when you walked onto the sand, and there are only so many ways you can accessorize read moreskinny jeans might be bad for your health!0fashion, newskinny jean wearers, beware! this just in fp girls! skinny jeans are being proven to cause some mild to serious nerve damage in both women and men’s legs. yikes! they say pain is beauty, but here at fp we always encourage you to be fashionable yet comfortable and above all else, safe! here are some read moresummer crafts: diy friendship bracelets0gifts, summer craftssummer crafts series nothing says summer quite like packing up a bag and heading off to camp for a week or maybe more! with summer camp as our inspiration, our fp girls looked back to think about their favorite part about camp – making friends and making friendship bracelets! isn’t it great going to a read more6 must see movies of the summer 20150new, summerfriday night movie picks!   nothing beats the summer heat quite like going to see one of this year’s must see movies of the summer! we found the best list of current and upcoming movies that are great for fp girls. is animation your thing? we have a movie for that! are musicals what get read more8 ways to get that bug bite to stop itching!6new, summersummer is here and the mosquitos are too! it’s summer, which means it’s time to break out your bathing suit, sunglasses, watermelon, sunscreen, and mosquito repellent. that’s right, fp girls, summer time is feeding time for those pesky blood-suckers we call mosquitos. did you know that when a mosquito sticks her proboscis into you (gross!) read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup2celebritiestgif! it’s finally the weekend again! you know what that means; a whole week of celeb gossip and happenings to fill you in on in case you missed. check out what happened in hollywood this week and make sure you vote in our celebrity quiz polls to see how your answers compare to what other read more 12 graphic tees that will make you lol2fashion, new, summerstand out from the crowd one tee at a time! are you looking for a way to show off your sarcastic or corky taste of humor in a subtle and stylish way? maybe you should put those white tees aside and replace them with a graphic! not only do they show off your taste in humor, read more3 pairs of shoes every girl needs0fashion, newwhoever said diamonds are a girls bff clearly didn’t have a big enough closet for shoes. but it can be a problem when you need hulk-like strength just to get your closet doors to close. so how do you fit all the shoes you might need in your one closet? we have a solution! simplify! read moresummer crafts: diy wall art!0new, summer craftssummer is here for some of our fp girls and coming up soon for others. we decided to kick off the official summer crafts diy series with some ways to spruce up your bedroom! wall art is so fun and a great project to do with your mom, your best gal friends, or even on read morefashion inspiration: maxi skirts2fashion, fashion pickmaxi skirts dress them up or dress them down, maxi skirts will be this summers chic version of leggings. for the girls who just want to have fun, there are tons of patterns and designs to choose from. or maybe you are looking for an outfit that can keep you looking chic but comfy through read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0celebrities, newanother week, another friday celebrity quiz roundup. read moretween fashion inspiration: graduation style by madison de la garza0fashionmadison de la garza just graduated from the school year, and sources tell us that she’s ready to have a seriously fun summer surrounded by her family and friends. we were super inspired by her graduation style this year– she went all-out with her hair and makeup, yet remained fun, classy, and age-appropriate with her read morethree new tween fashion brands that totally rock!2newas many of you know, finding the right clothes for stylish tweens can be really tricky! but we’ve got our eyes on three new brands that hit the nail on the head; neither too “old” nor too “young” their clothes are hit, cute, and fashionable to boot. check out our favorite new tween fashion brands read more these disney princess sneakers have us in a tizzy!2fashion, newvans+ disney= disney princess sneakers   breaking news everyone: vans has just released their new shoe collection in partnership with disney! we couldn’t be more excited!   slip-on sneakers have recently become the hot new summer shoe. forget ballet flats this summer and try out a pair of these babies. cute slip-on sneakers can be read morethe best of the ’90s: the throwback style you need to be wearing now2fashion, new, summerwhether you lived through the 90s or not, you’ve no doubt seen some this throwback style trend hitting the runways and streets near you. now surely some ’90s trends are best left hidden away in archives of fashion mistakes past, but some, like the the trend we’ll highlight below, are totally back and as rad as read moreone habit that will immediately improve your summer0newwhat’s the one habit that will improve your summer for the best? make a summer to do list! summer is such an important time to get out, to make plans and stick to them, and making an annual summer to do list that contains some of the fun things you’d like to do can help read more 7 fashion blunders to avoid0fashion, newwhen it comes to fashion, it’s save to say that pretty much everyone has fallen victim at least once to a fashion faux-pas (or two!). we’ve even had our own ups and downs as fashionistas over the years. it’s necessary to fearlessly experiment in order to find your own personal style. needless to say, not read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0newtime sure does fly– it’s already friday again! time for our weekly celebrity quiz roundup where we bring you the hottest celeb news from the week. be sure to participate in each celebrity quiz to see how your answers stack up! read more10 reasons why we’re thankful for our best friends0newwe’re thankful for our best friends for so many reasons. whether you’ve know your best friend(s) forever or just a short period of time, it’s safe to say that best friends help make us who we are. we’ve come up with a list of 10 reasons why we’re thankful for our best friends for you read morepoll: how often do you swap your pillowcase? (and here’s why we ask)3newif you spend as much time thinking about being in bed as we do, it’s probably a good time to start talking about sheets. maybe not the most glamorous convo, but it’s a really important one! changing your sheets isn’t just something you should do because mom asks you to– it can make a difference in the read moreinspiring quotes to live by during summer 20150new, summerinspiring quotes to live by what inspires you? there are a lot of things that can well, inspire inspiration– seeing people close to you accomplish great things, hearing inspirational quotes to live by from people you admire, even the sheer beauty of the outside world. read morefashion quiz: what’s your style personality?6fashion, fashion picktake our fashion quiz and discover how your style personality compares to other fp girls! don’t forget to share with your friends to see how they stack up! read morefashion quiz: palazzo pants0family, fashion, fashion pickif you’re a regular fp girl here at fp fashion mag, you already know about our obsession with palazzo pants. they’re comfy, their cute, and they’re cheap! what more can a girl ask for?   we <3 the stretchable waist band, and wide leg, and the long, flowy, floor length effect of these pants. they read more still not over frozen? neither are we!0fashion, fashion picksince it’s been confirmed that a frozen sequel is “in the works,” our frozen obsession has only grown stronger. it’s not only the team here at fp girl; our moms are even obsessed! here are some great frozen fashion accessories for those of you that love elsa just as much as we do. read moresummer crafts for kids: american girl diys0newhere at fp we <3 all things american girl. but oftentimes outfitting and accessorizing them, or any doll for that matter, can cost hundreds of dollars. rather than spend your hard earned money (or your parents) on doll clothes and accessories, try making them with this easy summer crafts idea: american girl clothes and furniture diys. read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0celebrities, fashion, newhey fpgirls! as rebecca black once said, “it’s friday, fryyydaaayyyy, gotta get down on friday, everybody’s lookin’ forward to the weekend, weekend…” here’s what happened this week with our favorite celebs. be sure to vote in our celebrity quiz to see how your answers compare to what other fp girls think! read more12 babysitting ideas for new babysitters4new, summergetting your first (or 50th!) babysitting gig can be a bit intimidating. kids require a lot of energy, and great babysitters will be able to keep them occupied with original, fun and entertaining projects to keep them occupied and engaged during your entire visit. however, coming up with new and exciting projects can be difficult, read moresummer crafts for kids: custom canvas shoes0fashion, fashion pick, newone of our favorite summer crafts for kids (and adults!) is diy custom canvas shoes. this sneaker makeover is a great way to express your creativity and individuality, while taking your basic pair of canvas sneakers up a notch. read more3 reasons we love palazzo pants this summer1fashion, fashion pick, newhey fp girls! have you heard of this summer’s hottest trend, palazzo pants? they’re super cute, super comfy, and super stylish. we’ve been living in our palazzo pants since summer started, and here’s why: read more have you found your perfect beach bag?1new, summernow that summer’s almost here, it’s time to hang up your backpack and bring out your beach bag! a beach bag is the best option when it comes to summer purses. we <3 how much room beach bags have; you can stash towels and snacks with ease, and their durability means you won’t have to read more vote in our summer crafts poll!0newhey fpgirls! which of these summer crafts would you like to see featured on our blog next: read morefriday quiz: celebrity quiz roundup0newit’s friday! can you say, tgif? as the week comes to an end, we round up all of the celeb news that matters most so you can stay in the know. be sure to vote in our celebrity quiz to see how your answers compare to what other fp girls think! read moretransform your space with diy room decor!8newhey, fp girls! we’re launching our new series, “diy room decor” which will bring you a new diy project every friday! be sure to check in weekly for easy, time-friendly diy projects that you can use to transform your room in just a few hours. read morequizzes for girls: participate in our summer quiz!0newquizzes for girls participate in the official fpgirl summer quiz!  we want to know what you <3 about summer, so we came up with this fun quiz for girls! be sure to participate to see how your answers stack up to other fpgirls; vote to see the results! read morewhat to bring to a theme park for the best time ever0summerroller coasters, funnel cakes, water rides, oh my! summer is the season of theme parks, but before you jump in the car, remember to pack your bag with these 10 essentials! here’s what to bring to a theme park for the best time ever: read moresoul sessions: what’s on your summer playlist?0new, summerhey fp girls, we want to know: what’s on your summer playlist?   help us put together the official fpgirl summer playlist by telling us your favorite summer jam in the comment section below. be sure to stay tuned and check back in to see if your song makes the list!   here’s what a few read more11 awesome diy nail designs2new, summercheck out our favorite diy nail designs and ideas, and be sure to tell us which you <3 most in the comment section! read moresummer reading list for girls aged 6-130new, summerour favorite books compiled into the official fp summer reading list for girls 6-13. be sure to tell us what your favorite summer read is in the comment section! a series of unfortunate events lemony snicket how the garcia girls lost their accents  julia alverez harriet the spy louise fitzhugh the disreputable history of frankieread morebeach style: embrace the season2fashion, fashion pick, summercan’t find time to hit the beach but still love beach style? from color to accessories, add some coastal flair to your summer wardrobe for a seasonal feel. read more6 must have swimsuit styles this summer2fashion, fashion pick, summer1. retro unleash your inner bond girl in a retro, high-waisted swimsuit style. these timeless cut flatters virtually every body: it keeps the focus on your curves and draws attention to your waste. yes please. 2. white hot we love white suits for the summer, not only are the slimming but they make any tanread morebeach style: bathing suit do’s and dont’s3fashionembrace the beach style season with these do’s and don’ts   do: wear a swimsuit that fits. nothing is as unflattering as a swimsuit that doesn’t fit. too big and it looks saggy and frumpy; too small, and you risk feeling like a stuffed sausage. remember– just because it fit this time last year doesn’t read more5 reasons you need a one-piece swimsuit this summer4fashionalthough the style has long been reserved for moms and the ultra-religious, one-piece swimsuits are making a comeback. swap your triangle two-pieces out for a maillot with sexy cut-outs or bold patterns. the best part? these one piece’s work just as well paired with shorts as they do paired with water.   here are our read morewanderlust: 9 graduation gift ideas for the adventurous0newwith graduation fast approaching, it’s time to start thinking about graduation gifts! read moremorning routine: how to wash your face like a pro [with graphic]6life, newfabulous skin is one of the hottest fashion accessories you can rock; but unfortunately, not all of us are blessed with picture-perfect skin. the good news is that there are lots of easy things you can do to improve the quality of your skin, including techniques like how to wash your face. read morecolor crush: orange fashion3fashionhere at fp, we happen to think that orange is the most under-appreciated crayon in the entire box. this summer, we’re obsessed with orange fashion, especially the neon kind. it’s just so fresh and happy- the perfect summer color: read moresave your skin! 10 sun safety tips you need to follow4summerlooking great on the beach isn’t just about having a great suit or killer confidence– it’s about protecting your skin from sun damage that can eventually cause cancer and wrinkles. here’s ten sun safety tips to ensure that you’re keeping your skin safe all summer long: read morecelebrity candy colored hair4celebrities, fashion, fashion pick  pastel colors are always in for spring, but the latest trend is wearing them in your hair! do you think these celebs look better with natural or candy colored hair? fp girls, if you were to ever color your hair, what color would you choose? tell us in the comments section below! read morefashion pick: flash tattoos0fashion, fashion pick  there’s something so intriguing about tattoos. maybe it’s the fact that by getting one you’re permanently altering your skin. if you love skin art, but don’t love the commitment of a real tattoo, try flash tattoos. you apply these by pressing them to your skin with a little water, just like you did with read moreswimsuits8fashion, vacation  it’s mid-may already? that means one thing: swimsuits season! with public pools opening in a few short weeks and beaches ready to go, it’s time to go swimsuit shopping. there are tons of new styles to choose from this season, which one will you choose? read more$easy ways to make money this summer$0summer, vacation  there’s no doubt your social calendar will be full this summer, which means there’s no doubt your wallet will be empty by the end of it! between traveling to new places and shopping with friends, having enough cash to cover your adventures might seem like a daunting task, but have no fear! there are read morestaff pick (cassie)1fashion, fashion pickstaff pick of the week with warm weather comes tank tops! fp cassie’s favorite warm weather outfit is a pair of levi jeans, a white tank top overlayed with her favorite light blue lace tank top! throw on some bracelets and a necklace and you are good for a night out or a dressy day read moredestination vacation2life, summer, vacation  summer vacation is so close, we can practically taste it. even if your plans this summer are to relax at home, it’s fun to imagine all the fantastic destinations out there to be explored. fp sam is saving up to travel to hawaii, where do you want to for a destination vacation? read moremother’s day gift ideas0family, gifts, life  mother’s day is right around the corner! don’t have a gift picked out for your mom yet? don’t fret! check out these mother’s day gift ideas and get inspired. read morechambray shirts2fashion  think denim is just for pants? think again. denim, or chambray shirts are a chic staple to any wardrobe. try dressing a chambray shirt up by wearing it tucked into a skirt, or throw it over a strapless dress for a laid-back look. read more get the latest from fp! categories back to school celebrities fall crafts family fashion fashion pick gifts holiday fun life new school summer summer crafts vacation follow @fashionplaytesthe other kind of daddy issues00pinned ontoour newest pinswhat funny women have taught me00pinned ontocelebrity fashion newest on netflix this week - the ever adorable cloudy with a chance of meatballs 2!70pinned ontoour newest pinsfall diy crafts: painted pumpkins00pinned ontoholiday fun!weheartit inspiration wednesday: halloween costumes00pinned ontoholiday fun!shailene woodly outfits we love00pinned ontocelebrity fashion follow us! ©2015 fashion playtes, inc. terms and privacy contact us