来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121226110436/http://www.appliancesconnection.com/page-shipping-information.html
================================================================================

shipping information | appliancesconnection.com category index rebate center my account why buy from us contact us 0 items advanced search | financing | wish list | log in | order tracking laundry washers front load washers top load washers stackable washers portable washers view all washers dryers front load dryers top load dryers stackable dryers portable dryers view all dryers washer/dryer combos laundry centers stacking kits laundry pedestals refrigeration refrigerators bottom freezer refrigerators french door refrigerators side by side refrigerators top freezer refrigerators built-in refrigerators drawer refrigerators all refrigerator compact refrigerators view all refrigerators freezers chest freezers upright freezers view all freezers wine coolers single zone wine coolers dual zone wine coolers tri-zone wine coolers built-in wine coolers freestanding wine coolers compact wine coolers view all wine coolers beverage centers beer dispensers ice makers cooking ovens/ranges freestanding ranges electric ranges gas ranges dual fuel ranges slide-in ranges single wall ovens double wall ovens warming drawers oven microwave combos view all ovens & ranges cooktops electric cooktops gas cooktops induction cooktops view all cooktops range hoods under the cabinet range hoods liners, inserts and blowers wall hoods island hoods downdraft hoods view all range hoods microwaves countertop microwaves built-in microwaves over the range microwaves microwave drawers microwave trim kits view all microwaves dishwashers built-in dishwashers drawer dishwashers portable dishwashers view all dishwashers air conditioning air conditioners window/wall air conditioners through the wall air conditioners ptac mini split systems portable air conditioners view all air conditioners fireplaces natural gas fireplaces liquid propane fireplaces electric fireplaces woodburning fireplaces bioethanol fireplaces gel fuel fireplaces view all fireplaces fans ceiling fans exhaust fans freestanding fans view all fans humidifiers dehumidifiers heaters air purifiers gas stoves outdoor living grills freestanding grills built-in grills liquid propane gas grills natural gas grills electric grills charcoal grills pellet grills portable grills smokers/fryers side burners grill accessories view all grills patio furniture adirondack chairs lounge chairs patio chairs patio benches outdoor beds outdoor cabinets outdoor lighting patio bars patio loveseats patio ottomans patio sets patio sofas patio tables pergolas picnic tables swings umbrellas outdoor refrigerators fire pits patio heaters plumbing sinks kitchen sinks bathroom sinks bar sinks pedestal sinks vanity sinks view all sinks faucets kitchen faucets bathroom faucets bar faucets view all faucets shower enclosures shower heads shower accessories bath tubs toilets bidets vanity tops water dispensers water drinking fountains water heaters furniture bedroom furniture armoires beds bedroom sets chest of drawers dressers jewelry armoires mattresses mattress sets dresser mirrors night stands ottomans stands - tv's trunks vanities view all bedroom furniture living room furniture armoires benches bookcases chaise lounge coffee tables end tables futons living room chairs living room table sets living room sets loveseats ottomans recliners sectional sofas sofas sofa beds sofa tables view all living room furniture dining room furniture buffets china cabinets curio cabinets dinette tables dining room tables dining room chairs dining room sets view all dining room furniture bar room furniture accent chairs bars bar tables bar stools bar sinks beer dispensers beverage centers chaise lounges cocktail tables mini bars patio bars wine coolers children's room furniture armoires children's desks children's mattresses foot stools hampers kid's chairs kid's rocking chairs kid's tables toy chests youth beds office furniture bookcases ceiling lights copy stands file cabinets hutches office chairs office desks table lamps shredders library furniture bookcases cabinets chairs library desks floor lamps magazine racks sconces shelves table lamps chairs accent chairs bar stools dining room chairs folding chairs gaming chairs kids chairs living room chairs office chairs recliners rocking chairs view all chairs tables accent tables coffee tables folding tables foyer tables game tables kid tables play tables snack tables work tables view all tables baby furniture changing tables cribs hampers high chairs kitchen furniture kitchen carts kitchen tables kitchenettes breakfast nooks more vacuums canister vacuums carpet steamers floor scrubbers and polishers lightweight vacuums handheld vacuums robotic vacuums upright vacuums view all vacuums food disposers continuous feed batch feed trash compactors massage chairs baby products baby carriers bibs booster seats bouncers car seats diaper bags high chairs playpens strollers toy chests view all baby products lighting billiard lights ceiling lights chandeliers lamps outdoor lighting floor lamps pub lamps table lamps neon signs night lights lighting accessories mirrors wall mirrors bathroom mirrors dresser mirrors decorative mirrors floor mirrors makeup mirrors coffee and espresso makers health and fitness equipment mixers small appliances stands brands appliance brands aga bertazzoni bosch dacor electrolux frigidaire ge ge cafe kitchenaid lg lynx maytag samsung summit thermador u-line whirlpool view all brands furniture brands abbyson living ambella atlantic furniture boyd coaster east end imports global furniture usa lyn design serta stein world yuan tai zuo view all brands fireplace brands bio flame bio-blaze classic flame decoflame dcs ecosmart fire sense magnussen majestic monessen napoleon nu-flame real flame real fire the blue rooster company view all brands grill brands american outdoor grill dcs firemagic lynx napoleon weber view all brands fixture brands aline american standard ariel aquabrass avanity bath elements blanco d'vontz elkay franke grohe houzer jacuzzi kohler moen navien rohl vigo view all brands get free in-home delivery on most items! in-home delivery on all orders over $499 discount taken automatically in cart. was now $59.99 free* white glove delivery was now $99.99 $59.99* common carrier ground delivery (7-14 business days): ground delivery is basic shipping service. the product will be shipped out via ups, usps, fedex or a common trucking carrier. for oversized products, this service will be provide to you with a curbside delivery. if you require the product to be brought to your front door or garage, please refer to threshold or white glove delivery. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. this service may not be available in some remote or rural areas. threshold delivery (7-14 business days): threshold delivery is a fully insured type of shipping which includes delivery to the threshold of your front door or garage. upon delivery, the delivery men will unload the merchandise from the truck, bring it to the threshold of your front door or garage so you can inspect the merchandise. no stairs are included. please note that this service will not be preformed if the unit does not fit through the main door or entrance. additional fees will be applied if the door must be taken off of the hinges. additional fees will apply if you have stairs. this service does not include installation. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. this service may not be available in some remote or rural areas. read what to expect below. delivery company will call you to provide you with the date and time for the delivery, they will give 4-6 hour window for the delivery date and time. transportation directly from our warehouse to your location courteousy call 1 hour before delivery equipment to safely lower product from the truck to the ground comprehensive physical inspection form delivery of product placed just inside your preferred entrance delivery service for trucking orders is to the garage or enterance of the house with no steps, unless otherwise ordered at the time of the delivery. if you have stairs, and forgot to add them to the invoice, and the driver has not yet delivered the package, you can still call and have them added. the same goes for if any hinges must be removed due to the product not fitting through a door. white glove delivery (7-14 business days): white glove delivery is a special service that is safest for large and overweight items. this service is a fully insured type of shipping which includes delivery to the room of your choice. upon delivery, the delivery men will unload, uncrate, unpack and deliver the product into your room of choice on the first floor so you can inspect the merchandise. most of the packing materials will be collected and removed (debris removal service is not available in all areas). please note that this service cannot be completed if the unit does not fit through the door. additional fees will be applied if the doors must be taken off of the hinges. additional charges may apply for deliveries past the first floor (there will be a $25 per floor charge for any item being delivered to past the first floor). this service does not include installation. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. this service may not be available in some remote or rural areas. read what to expect below. delivery company will call you to provide you with the date and time for the delivery, they will give 4-6 hour window for the delivery date and time. transportation directly from our warehouse to your location courteousy call 1 hour before delivery equipment to safely lower product from the truck to the ground comprehensive physical inspection form position of the item in the home according to homeowner's specifications removal of product from packing materials connection to power source removal of packaging, subject to your request leave your location free of damages please note: this service is only available if the unit fits through the door. if the door needs to be removed, an additional fee will be incurred. delivery service for white glove orders are positioned in the home according to homeowner's specifications given upon ordering. an additional fee is incurred for each floor after the first floor ( $25 per a floor). if you have stairs, and forgot to add them to the invoice, and the driver has not yet delivered the package, you can still call and have them added. the same goes for if any hinges must be removed due to the product not fitting through a door. expedited shipping is available upon request. to request expedited shipping(3 days, 2nd day or next day delivery), please contact our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. for more information about our shipping policy, click here. in stock: if an item is currently in stock in our warehouse, it will be marked with the words "in-stock". these products will ship once your order is processed (usually within 24 hours). available: items that are currently in-transit to our warehouse, are currently in-stock at a drop-ship vendor’s, or manufacturer's warehouse will be marked as "available". these products will ship once your order is processed (usually within 24-48 business hours). for any exceptions to this timeframe, an eta (estimated time of arrival) for your order will be emailed with accurate shipping dates in order to ensure that you are always updated and informed as to when your order will arrive at its final destination. temporarily out of stock: the product is not available for shipping from our warehouse. we have contacted the manufacturer and expect shipment to our warehouse within 48-72 hours. it will then take a few more days to be delivered to you, depending on the way you requested it to be shipped. back ordered: the product is not available for shipping from our warehouse. we have contacted the manufacturer and expect shipment to our warehouse within 7-14 days. it will then take a few more days to get delivered to you, depending on the way you requested it to be shipped. pre-order: this is a new product on our site. it has yet to arrive in our warehouse from the manufacturer. when you order a product with this stock status, you will be contacted by our customer service department via e-mail or phone with an estimate of how long it will take. 4-5 days processing time: some items that come directly from the manufacturer require additional processing time. most of the time, process takes between 24-48 hours, but items marked with this designation can take up to 5 business days to process. special order: the product is not available for shipping from our warehouse. we will special order this from the manufacturer once your order is placed and the order cannot be cancelled nor returned once the item is allocated. when the product arrives in our warehouse, it will be sent to you within 24 hours of receipt. est. arrival is 2-4 weeks (subject to availability). you will be contacted via email with a status on the item within 3 business days. a confirmation e-mail will be forwarded to you within 24 hours of the product being sent. buy now, ship later: looking to buy now to get that rebate that is expiring or the special sale price, but cannot accept the delivery right now? no worries, appliancesconnection.com offers a buy now, ship later program and will store your merchandise in our warehouse for up to 30 days free of charge. items held more than 30 days may require a small warehousing fee. if you need to ship at a later date, please add the date to the order notes upon checking out, or call your contact your salesperson toll-free at 800-299-9470 for more details. when your order is ready to ship, the trucking company will contact you to schedule a delivery appointment. please note: - stock status can change by the minute. the status of all products is subject to change without notice. - if an item has been on back order for an extended amount of time, you will be notified via e-mail. in this case, you will have the option to wait for the product or consult with one of our sales representatives to find you a matching or similar product, at your request. - your credit card is charged when your order is finalized. special ordered items are charged once your order is placed. *some exclusions apply. see final shipping cost in cart.free delivery does not include orders to hi,pr and ak appliancesconnection storm relief coupons create a free account holiday coupon codes special deals help desk our promise appliance parts customer testimonials product reviews shop appliances appliance best sellers furnishing best sellers washers dryers refrigerators freezers ranges cooktops range hoods built in dishwashers air conditioners grills water fixtures fireplaces shop furniture bedroom furniture living room furniture dining room furniture office furniture all furniture appliance financing 0% financing from 6 to 18 months it's an easy, secure way to make everyday purchases or to finance projects and large purchases. builder pricing benefits ›› government discount ›› wholesale discounts ›› volume rebates ›› large inventories a specialized commercial sales team in each of our markets will cater to your needs before and after the sale. email deal alerts customer support my account order status return policy help privacy policy frequently asked questions resources bulk/contractor sales site map affiliates brand stores specialty pages convenience features wishlist bookmark us account login rebate center deals and coupons company information about us contact us payment options store hours why buy from us follow us on: rebate feednew product feed online shopping © 2000-2013 appliancesconnection.com