来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231023908/http://www.appliancesconnection.com/blog/
================================================================================

appliances connection blog | read our blogs and learn more about the products appliances connection blog read our blogs and learn more about the products home about recipes store navigation navigation home about recipes store november 18, 2014 admin 0 black friday deals at appliances connection standard thanksgiving is supposed to be a joyful time where we gather with our families around the hearth, enjoy extravagant meals, and fall asleep watching the lions fail at football. it’s supposed to be relaxing and fun, but so many stores want you to spend thanksgiving evening in a mad dash for low prices at retail locations rather than enjoying some figgy pudding or cranberry sauce. but it turns out you don’t have to choose between enjoying your holiday and getting the best deal, because appliances connection has your back. this month,  appliances connection is helping you beat the crush by offering the best deals on the market right from the comfort of your couch. why crowd your way into a big box store and fight the traffic and the parking lot, when you can sit down with a cup of eggnog and still get the biggest savings out there? appliances connection is offering unprecedented black friday sayings of up to 60%. you can’t find prices that low anywhere else. and alongside 0% financing, no sales tax*, and free, nationwide in-home delivery, appliances connection’s black friday sale is a truly remarkable way to save! appliances connection’s black friday sale runs from through november 23. uncategorized october 7, 2014 admin 0 washer-dryer maintenance standard many people assume when they purchase a new  washer and dryer set (or individual pieces separately) that these machines will simply take care of themselves, require no upkeep, and that they can essentially be ignored until it’s just time to do another load of laundry. while today’s technology has given us incredible advances like smartphone and tablet apps that tell us when a wash cycle is over, when a lint trap needs to be changed, or if there is a clog in a vent, it is still up to us as the owners of these machines to keep them well maintained so they can last as long as possible. in addition, if we do not perform regular maintenance on our washers and dryers, even the best warranties in the industry may not cover us in certain circumstances. for these reasons, a little tlc every now and then will go a long way with both your washer and dryer. generally, the major concern with dryers is overheating caused by blocked vents. the primary culprit here is a lint trap that has been allowed to clog, or that is simply ignored altogether. not only is this a great way to shorten the life expectancy of your dryer, it is also the fast track to overheating and a potential electrical fire. it is absolutely essential that you keep your lint trap clean, and every dozen loads or so, remove the lint trap completely and get in there to remove the fine debris that made it through the mesh. about four to six times a year or so, remove the lint trap and vacuum the intake area so it is completely clear of any visible lint. this is also a good time to get behind the machines with your vacuum and hose out dust, lint, and any other debris that is hanging out between the appliances and the wall. be careful during this process—it is not uncommon for a baby sock or small clothing item to have fallen behind the washer or dryer—something like this will clog your vacuum. look before vacuuming to see if there are any large items that should be hand-removed before vacuuming begins. for your washing machine, a main concern is build up of detergent, softener, and other cleaning agents in the areas where you deposit them. once you begin to see a layer of grime around the edges of trays, remove them if they are removable and allow them to soak in dish soap, then rinse until they are literally “squeaky” clean. if the trays are not removable, a homemade cleaning agent of one part water to one part white vinegar used with a toothbrush or small sponge will help to remove the grime buildup. for washers, it is imperative that you not allow water hoses to deteriorate. just take a gander back there every so often, and if you happen to notice any cracks or weathering of the hoses, it’s time to replace them. you can have a professional from your appliance company or the store where you purchased your washer come and replace them, or you can do it yourself—but make sure you have unplugged the machine, turned off the water, and have the proper tools on hand before you begin. dryers, washers, washers and dryers october 1, 2014 admin 0 kitchen remodel tips standard with the tremendous following home remodeling televisions shows have these days, it comes as no surprise that the do-it-yourself trend is on the rise. while doing things yourself to enhance the value of your home can save a bundle and even become a fun family project, it’s important to understand that some things are not meant to be done by anyone other than a licensed and bonded contractor. when we start to have initial discussions about remodeling a kitchen, it’s often the case that homeowners get excited very quickly and want to hop right in, knocking down walls and opening up space before they even realize what a load-bearing wall is or what kind of damage could be done to floors, electrical systems, or the overall integrity of the home. diy is a great way to approach projects like painting bathrooms, retexturing kitchen and coffee tables, and even adding fixtures like sconces. but when it comes to what we now know homebuyers consider the most important room of the house, bringing in professionals is probably your best bet. once you’ve hired a contractor to remodel your kitchen, what are the best ways to beautify it, make it more functional, and have the remodel increase the value of the home? make it bigger: enlarging the kitchen is important. homebuyers have noted over the past four years or so more than ever that the kitchen is the “most important room of the house,” and that’s because in most cases, it isn’t just where we eat—it’s where we congregate, make important decisions, and in open floor planned homes, everything that happens in the kitchen is part of what’s happening in the family room as well, whether it’s a family conversation or listening in on the big game. larger kitchens bring in buyers willing to pay more, and they also accommodate more cabinetry and larger islands and countertops, which means more storage and more room to prep, cook, and convene. reface or replace cabinets: there’s nothing worse to a potential homebuyer than a beautiful kitchen space and floor plan with worn out and/or outdated cabinetry. if your cabinets are old in a bad way (and by this we mean to exclude well executed midcentury modern cabinetry and the like) you can have them refaced or replaced. refacing is an excellent money-saving choice if the cabinetry is made from quality wood that’s still in good condition. conversely, replacing kitchen cabinets is your best bet for enhancing home value and the look of your kitchen when existing cabinets are poorly constructed or fabricated from particleboard and/or other cheap materials. replace aging appliances: if your kitchen is lined with old, white appliances from the 1990s or before, it’s time for an upgrade. even if you think these appliances are perfectly fine, there are several good reasons to replace them. to begin, if they don’t have the energy star seal, it’s costing you more money to cool your food, wash your dishes, and heat your food than it needs to. when you purchase a new energy star approved refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, oven, or range, you’re investing in the value of your home while also reducing your cost of living. uncategorized september 24, 2014 admin 0 how to care for cast iron appliances standard cast iron appliances and stovetops have been a mainstay of the american kitchen for decades. before we had the modern conveniences we have today, cast iron griddles, kettles, pots, and pans were all important tools in the meal preparation process. interestingly, no matter how modern our kitchens get, cast iron remains an important material to both cook on and in. though we have electric ranges and induction cooktops, the gas range is still a favorite among most gourmet chefs—as well as the well-seasoned cooks in many us households. the great thing about cast iron cooktops and appliances is that they absolutely stand the test of time—they are the true workhorses in any kitchen where they are utilized. but because they are used with such great frequency, it can sometimes cause a need for more frequent or deeper cleaning. cast iron is a porous material, so unlike some of its counterpart materials, it is penetrated bythe oils, juices, and the smells that come with everyday use. to keep your cast iron appliances and cooktops clean and functional, maintenance is required—but don’t worry—the job of cleaning these items is nowhere near as tough as the appliances themselves! in most instances, cast iron appliances or the iron grates of a gas stovetop, for example, can simply be soaked overnight in warm water with a healthy dose of liquid detergent. most kitchen décor professionals and chefs will tell you: using a quality dishwasher detergent to soak cast iron items in the sink overnight will work better than using a regular hand-dishwashing soap. the reason for this is that the constituents of the dishwasher soap are stronger, and by removing the stains, smells, and items stuck to your cast iron appliances or grates chemically, you won’t have to worry about using abrasive manual methods. after a good soak, rinse and lightly scrub with a soft-sided sponge to avoid damage. for stubborn areas, you can gently use the rough side of a sponge, but do this gingerly and with caution. while some people feel perfectly safe to use steel wool or other very coarse tools to scrub cast iron appliances, you can actually do much more harm than good this way. some very old cast iron skillets may do well with this approach, as most who clean their iron items this way are also educated in how to “season” their skillets and pans—a process that requires the use of oil, heating, and experience to do correctly. in addition, the cast iron covers for the eyes of your gas stovetop are not appropriate for the seasoning process, as it is the job of these pieces is to keep debris, water, and oils away from the gas eye itself. a simple overnight sit in the sink with a strong dish detergent is your best bet—especially for cast iron grates or appliances that have a porcelain seal or coat that can be easily damaged by harsh scrubbing with steel wool or harsh brushing utensils. uncategorized september 19, 2014 admin 0 appliances connection announces mobile site standard press release – september 12, 2014 brooklyn, new york – appliances connection, america’s premier online retailer for major home appliances and furniture in every category,  announced today the launch of a convenient mobile site. optimized for phones, tablets, and other mobile devices, it is easier to navigate by touch, offering both convenience of on-the-go shopping and appliances connection’s legendary selection of home goods by top manufacturers. now it’s easier than ever to find the best deals on the highest-quality products, allowing customers to compare products straight from their phone or tablet while they’re shopping. that means that the best deals are always just a tap away. “this is a constantly changing market,” says appliances connection social media manager brian visaggio, “and customers deserve to be able to get the best price available for any product. our new mobile site allows the sort of on-the-fly price comparisons that make saving real money easy.” the mobile site offers all the content of the desktop site, including product pages, sales, rebates, user-generated reviews, and customer service content. with access to the same feature-rich experience, users can make their buying decisions when it’s on their mind. with many home renovation and decor projects taking place on weekends or at odd hours, customers no longer need to sit down at a computer to find exactly the product they need, but can instead determine their needs and make the purchase almost simultaneously. visaggio concludes, “appliances connection has already revolutionized the desktop shopping experience. with this mobile site, we’re going to do it again.” uncategorized september 4, 2014 admin 0 what to know when buying your appliances online standard we know ordering appliances online is different than shopping in a store. there are many advantages to ordering online. it allows you to find the perfect appliance without ever leaving the comfort of your home. how do you know the appliance is perfect for you? at appliances connection, we strive to make your shopping experience convenient so that you only get what you want. here are things you should know before making your appliance purchase online. research and ask questions the very first thing to do is research appliances and ask questions. you’ll want to look at different features and narrow your list down to appliances that have only the features that you want. see what other customers are saying by reading reviews like the ones you can from us. write down any questions you have about the appliance, pick up the phone, and give us a call. we’ll be happy to answer any of your questions about our large or small kitchen appliances. measure you’ll want to make sure that your appliance will fit when you order it, so measure the area where it will need to go. measure it three times to make sure you get the dimensions correct. when you order your appliance, make sure it will fit within the space you have available. get the best price the internet is amazing because it allows you to shop around for prices. at appliances connection, we offer low prices and price match, so you can be sure to get the best price around. we even offer buy now, ship later so you can get a good deal now and have your appliance delivered at a later date. thoroughly inspect upon delivery when your appliance is delivered, thoroughly inspect it to make sure it will work for you. if it won’t work, send it back. if it will, sign the papers and have it installed. we’re here to help there are a lot of things to know before purchasing your appliances online. don’t forget about removing your old appliances when you’re through. that’s something we can help you with. if you have any other questions about large or small kitchen appliances and purchasing online, go ahead and call appliances delivery for assistance. uncategorized august 27, 2014 admin 0 stainless steel and fighting the fingerprints standard at appliances connection, we understand how excited you are to receive your brand new, shiny clean appliances. we also understand your commitment to keeping those appliances looking new for as long as you own them. stainless steel looks beautiful, but the thought of fingerprints makes some people hesitate. we’re here to tell you that you can still get beautiful stainless steel discount appliances and keep them fingerprint free. stainless steel cleaner first and foremost, you can simply invest in a stainless steel cleaner polish and buff the fingerprints right out. we even carry towels with the cleaner built in so you don’t have to worry about overspray onto counters or cabinets. dusting spray or window cleaner if you’re short on cleaner, dusting spray or window cleaner also works just fine. to get the best effect, let the spray or cleaner sit for one minute before wiping off. olive oil, baby oil, or car wax you know how you use oil or wax and buff it on your beautiful car until it sparkles? you can do the same thing with your stainless steel home appliances. put your choice of olive oil, baby oil, or car wax onto a cloth and buff until the appliance is uniformly shiny. it also helps to prevent fingerprinting for a little while. vinegar and water when in doubt, mixing one part vinegar to three parts water is a great way to get out stubborn fingerprints. mix the vinegar and water in a spray bottle, then use the spray like a normal cleaner. at appliances connection, we understand the desire to keep your brand new home appliances looking like new. fight the fingerprints on stainless steel appliances with the suggestions above. if you’re worried about overspray more than anything else, invest in some of our stainless steel cleaner cloths. for the best results, clean your stainless steel appliances once a week. for any questions you might have about discount appliances and how to keep them clean, call us right away. uncategorized august 20, 2014 admin 0 how to choose the right grill for your outdoor kitchen standard summer is here, and what better time to kick back in your backyard with good food and old friends? if you have the space, adding an outdoor kitchen saves you from running back and forth to your house while creating a fun outdoor environment to entertain guests. below are some tips to choose the right grilling appliances for your outdoor kitchen, part of our new summer appliance series. grills the grill is the centerpiece of outdoor cooking and can be placed anywhere outdoor your home. depending on the features you’re looking for, simple kettle grills can run as cheap as $100 while high-end gas grills can cost thousands of dollars. there are plenty of choices, so look at which type and what size will work best for your home. how much space do you have?grills with side burner can take up a lot of room, so measure your available space to ensure your choice of grill can fit. how often will you be grilling? if you grill a lot, a charcoal grill may not be the best choice as they take a much longer time than gas or electric grills to heat. however, if you will only be using on weekends and are looking for a more cost-efficient method, charcoal may be the right choice. what will you be grilling?whether you will be grilling single food items or entire meals will determine how large of a grill you will need. steaks and vegetables can be cooked in a relatively small space, but if you’re grilling larger items for a larger group of people, don’t let your cooking be limited by your grill’s size. grill types charcoal grills charcoal grills come in a wide-range of models, from portable to grill/smoker combinations. the cooking flavor is more intense than gas models; however, cooking will take time as it typically takes 15 to 30 minutes for the grill to heat. natural gas grills / propane grills while upfront gas grills are typically more expensive, per use cost is significantly less than charcoal. additionally, grills will preheat in a few minutes with either a push-button, rotary or electronic lighter. while the flavor is milder than charcoal, you have better temperature control. propane tanks typically hold 20 pounds of fuel that last for around 9 hours. natural gas grills require a direct gas hookup. electric grills if you live in an area where charcoal or gas is not available, an electric grill is a great option for grilling. it can be used anywhere near an electrical outlet. these models are typically best suited for apartments. cooking grids there are different styles of cooking grids for your grill, but cast-iron is the best for heat retention and cleaning. stainless steels grids are rust-resistant; however, food typically sticks. porcelain-coated does not stick; however, the coating can chip if not properly cared for. and don’t forget about the grill accessories! while you only really need a brush, tong, spatula and fork to grill, there are plenty of accessories that are great to have: cooking baskets skewers will help cook smaller food items faster. a rotisserie can fit on many models and will add greater flexibility to what you’ll be able to cook. a good grill pad will help keep grease from staining your prep surfaces and patio. uncategorized august 4, 2014 admin 0 how to host a barbecue in the comfort of your kitchen standard summer is here, and that means grilling season. nothing beats a good backyard barbecue, with the smell of freshly-cut grass, friends milling around, and burgers, pieces of chicken, and corn on the cob being flipped over a charcoal grill. however, if you live in an apartment or do not have a backyard, there are ways to host a barbecue – in the comfort of your own kitchen. you can basically grill anything indoors as you would outside. many consumer gas ranges include grills built into your cooktop, such as fivestar and ge. there are also home appliances like contact grills, like a george foreman, and portable cast-iron griddles that quickly allow your commercial stove to produce that aesthetically appetizing grill lines at a relatively cheap cost.  grilling pans are also very good at producing the “maillard reaction” from grilling, in which amino acids react with sugars to produce the browning so familiar with barbecue. one pitfall to look out for is smoke. you should always grill near a window or under a range hood, but there are some steps you can take before you grill to help avoid setting off your fire alarm.  be sure to pat dry any marinated meat with a paper towel before placing on the grill pan and avoid any coarse rubs that’ll likely fall into the cracks of your grill. a simple solution is a dry powder rub, which stick tightly to the meat after rubbed with a few drops of canola or grape seed oil (avoid olive oil). while some of the outdoor grill “flavor” may disappear, you can easily substitute smoked paprika or chipotle powder with a few drops of natural liquid smoke to your barbecue sauces. you can also avoid the splatter produced by the meat’s fat and water content by either covering your meat with aluminum foil or finish the cooking process in your oven after searing. you can also enjoy crisp, juicy corn on the cob with just a microwave. the most important step is to leave the husk on the fresh corn, which traps steam and cooks the cob quickly. after three to five minutes, you can let the corn cool and then remove the husk and silk. while these steps may not be the barbecues you remember of your youth, you will be able to enjoy steak, corn, and a nice glass of wine or lemonade in the comfort of your air-conditioned home. tell us: do you have any indoor grilling tips? uncategorized july 22, 2014 admin 0 what do dishwasher noise levels even mean? standard when shopping for a dishwasher, there are plenty of factors to consider: wash cycles, adjustable racks, and energy efficiency. however, one of the most popular features is its decibel level. while most dishwashers tend to have similar decibel levels, just one decibel can make a huge difference: a single decibel increase is actually 30 percent louder. when researching dishwashing appliances online, here are some features that will determine how noisy a dishwasher can be: insulation quality insulation is installed along the sides, top and the door of the dishwasher. proper insulation not only reduces noise but also improves energy efficiency. look for dishwashers with an energy star rating and/or quiet operation features as these units have sufficient insulation. sound dampening material there are additional sound-deadening materials that can be installed around a dishwasher to dampen the noise, especially if you own an older model. these materials can be attached with construction adhesive or silicone sealant along the sides and tops of the dishwasher. stainless steel vs. plastic tubs stainless steel tubs are quieter than plastic tubs because the stainless steel absorbs noise better. while stainless steel models tend to have a higher upfront price than plastic models, you will save long-term costs due to its ability to better retain heat and increase the efficiency of the drying cycle. so while a decibel rating above 60 could be deafening, dishwashers with a rating in the 40s are virtually silent. here is an abbreviated list of the most popular dishwasher models currently available at appliances connection and their decibel rating: ge gdf540hmfes 24” full console dishwasher – 52 dba ge gdt550hgdww 24” built-in dishwasher – 48 dba fisher paykel dd24dchtx7 24” dishdrawer – 45 dba bosch 800 plus series shp7pt55uc 24” flush handle dishwasher – 42 dba kitchenaid pro line series kdte404dsp fully integrated dishwasher – 42 dba uncategorized ← older posts recent posts black friday deals at appliances connection washer-dryer maintenance kitchen remodel tips how to care for cast iron appliances appliances connection announces mobile site categories air conditioners appliances bathtubs beanbag chairs built-in wall ovens chairs chests coffee tables consoles deals decorative furniture desks dishwashers dryers fireplace furnishing grills mirrors outdoor appliances outdoor furniture ovens patio furniture ranges recipes refrigerators sofas tables toilets uncategorized washers washers and dryers archives november 2014 october 2014 september 2014 august 2014 july 2014 june 2014 may 2014 april 2014 march 2014 february 2014 january 2014 december 2013 november 2013 october 2013 september 2013 august 2013 july 2013 june 2013 may 2013 march 2012 february 2012 january 2012 current rebatesmaytag $40 washer delivery and installationcon edison residential gas rebatefree 3 year dishdrawer warrantykitchenaid free heavy duty sliding rackup to $750 off bertazzoni cooking appliancesfisher & paykel $100 laundry pair delivery and installation rebatefree aga professional dishwasher with purchaseprizer hoods free 600 cfm internal blower promotionfree aga legacy dishwasher with purchasecon edison energy star air conditioner rebate appliances connection blog © 2014