来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171212013255/https://www.appliancesconnection.com/shipping-methods.html
================================================================================

shipping methods | appliances connection welcome to appliances connection! sign in (reference #: r1gjd5) 18 months* special financing | clearance | rebate center | blog | track your order | about us | contact us got a question?800-299-9470 advanced search your accountlog in ▾ log in sign up your orders your tickets your wishlist notifications my account track your order 0my cart ▾ laundry washers front load washers top load washers compact washers stackable washers coin operated washers portable washers view all washers dryers front load dryers electric dryers gas dryers compact dryers stackable dryers coin operated dryers portable dryers view all dryers washer/dryer combos washer and dryer kits stackable washers and dryers laundry centers laundry pedestals laundry stacking kits ironing centers best selling washers dryers all washers & dryers guides washers buying guide dryers buying guide refrigeration refrigerators bottom freezer refrigerators top freezer refrigerators side by side refrigerators french door refrigerators all refrigerator built-in refrigerators counter-depth refrigerators panel ready refrigerators full-size refrigerators compact refrigerators beer dispensers drawer refrigerators view all refrigerators freezers chest freezers drawer freezers upright freezers freestanding freezers undercounter freezers view all freezers beverage centers freestanding beverage center built-in beverage center full size beverage center compact beverage center commerical beverage center view all beverage center ice makers freestanding ice makers built-in ice makers countertop ice makers residental ice makers view all ice makers wine coolers freestanding wine coolers built-in wine coolers full size wine coolers undercounter wine coolers wine cooler accessories view all wine coolers best sellers refrigerators freezers beverage centers icemakers wine coolers guides refrigerators buying guide freezer buying guide beverage center buying guide cooking ranges freestanding ranges electric ranges gas ranges dual fuel ranges drop-in ranges slide-in ranges view all ranges wall ovens single wall ovens double wall ovens warming drawers oven/microwave combos speed ovens steam ovens view all wall ovens cooktops electric cooktops gas cooktops induction cooktops view all cooktops range hoods under the cabinet range hoods liners, inserts and blowers wall hoods island hoods downdraft hoods view all range hoods microwaves countertop microwaves built-in microwaves over the ranges microwaves microwave drawers microwave trim kits view all microwaves kitchen appliance packages best sellers ovens & ranges cooktops range hoods microwaves guides kitchen range buying guide microwave oven buying guide range hood buying guide wall oven buying guide cooktop buying guide dishwashers built-in dishwashers full console built-in dishwashers fully integrated built-in dishwashers semi-integrated built-in dishwashers view all built-in dishwashers drawer dishwashers fully integrated drawer dishwashers semi-integrated drawer dishwashers view all drawer dishwashers countertop dishwashers portable dishwashers view all dishwashers best sellers built-in dishwashers all dishwashers guides dishwasher buying guide air conditioning air conditioners window/wall air conditioners through the wall air conditioners ptac air conditioners portable air conditioners mini split air conditioners split systems view all air conditioners fans ceiling fans exhaust fans view all fans fireplaces natural gas fireplaces liquid propane fireplaces electric fireplaces woodburning fireplaces bioethanol fireplaces gel fuel fireplaces stoves view all fireplaces humidifiers dehumidifiers heaters air purifiers best sellers air conditioners guides air conditioner buying guide air conditioner specs guide commercial commercial refrigerators reach-in refrigerators prep refrigerators bar refrigerators display & merchandising refrigerators undercounter & worktop refrigerators commercial milk coolers commercial chef bases view all commercial refrigerators commercial freezers commercial display freezers commercial undercounter freezers commercial ice cream freezers commercial glass door freezers commercial glass top freezers commercial work top freezers commercial chest freezers commercial reach-in freezers view all commercial freezers commercial cooking equipment commercial ranges & cooktops commercial fryers & oil filtration special cooking equipment commercial broilers view all commercial cooking equipment commercial ovens commercial microwaves commercial combi ovens commercial pizza ovens commercial grills commercial griddles commercial charboilers view all commercial grills commercial beverage equipment commercial coffee & tea brewing commercial cold & frozen beverage dispenser view all commercial beverage equipment commercial food preparation commercial meat processing commercial meat slicers view all commercial food preparation food holding & warming equipment commercial countertop food warmers commercial cold food tables view all food holding & warming equipment commercial ice machines commercial modular / ice machine head commercial undercounter ice machines commercial countertop ice makers & dispensers view all commercial ice machines dish washing equipment commercial work tables & stations commercial sinks restaurant table bases restaurant table tops outdoor grills freestanding grills bulit-in grills liquid propane grill natural gas grills electric grills charcoal grills pellet grills portable grills smokers/fryers side burners grills accessories view all grills outdoor kitchens outdoor refrigerators outdoor sinks outdoor range hoods outdoor warming drawers view all outdoor kitchens patio & lawn furniture adirondack chairs lounge chairs patio chairs patio benches outdoor beds outdoor cabinets outdoor lighting patio bars patio loveseats patio ottomans patio sets patio sofas patio tables pergolas picnic tables swings umbrellas fire pits patio heaters best sellers grills patio & lawn furniture outdoor kitchens guides grills buying guide plumbing sinks kitchen sinks bathroom sinks bar sinks laundry sinks outdoor sinks view all sinks bathroom sink vanities shower heads shower enclosures shower backwalls shower bases shower columns shower doors shower arms vanity tops bath tubs toilets bidets faucets kitchen faucets bathroom faucets bar faucets shower faucets view all faucets kitchen water dispenser water heaters water drinking fountains saunas corner saunas conventional saunas infrared saunas view all saunas best sellers sinks faucets bathroom vanities bath tubs toilets all sinks & faucets guides bathroom faucets buying guide sinks buying guide furniture bedroom furniture beds bedroom sets dressers mattresses nightstands trunks vanities view all bedroom furniture dining room furniture buffets china cabinets curio cabinets dining room tables dining room chairs dining room sets hutches view all dining room furniture living room furniture chaise lounges coffee tables end tables futons living room chairs living room table sets living room sets loveseats ottomans recliners rugs sectional sofas sofas view all living room furniture bar room furniture bars bar tables bar stools lighting kitchen furniture library & office furniture home decor storage furniture tables best sellers bedroom furniture living room furniture dining room furniture office furniture chairs tables fireplaces all home furnishing features boho haven by ashley guides living room buying guide sectional sofa buying guide mattress buying guide tvs led tvs led smart tvs led curved tvs led 3d tvs led 4k tvs view all led tvs oled tvs oled smart tvs oled 3d tvs oled 4k tvs view all oled tvs curved tvs 3d tvs 4k tvs lcd tvs view all tvs best sellers led tvs all televisions guides television buying guide fitness home gyms power tower home gyms all-in-one home gyms multi-purpose home gyms power rack home gyms dip station home gyms view all home gyms fitness accessories fitness balls fitness mats hoops jump ropes push up and pull up bars view all fitness accessories cardio equipment trampolines rowing machines treadmills exercise bikes elliptical machines aerobic equipment view all cardio equipment recovery & support blood pressure monitors massage chairs inversion therapy system fitness dvds stretch benches view all recovery & support items strength training dumbbells dumbbell racks kettlebells freeweights freeweight benches ab exercisers weight racks punching bags view all strength training items medical care best sellers home gyms cardio equipment all health & fitness equipment packages deals instant savings dealsaga legacy free dishwasherbertazzoni free range hood dealbluestar - up to $500 savingsdacor it's your choice - $3,148 kitchen package savingsdcs built-in kitchen promodcs freestanding kitchen promofisher & paykel build your dream kitchen - freestanding kitchen promofulgor milano free range hood promoheartland free dishwashersmeg "classic" appliance package specialsmeg c-series range specialsmeg victoria range specialthermador free dishwashertecnogas superiore range and hood specialviking you cook, we clean event - free dishwasher specialviking - up to $875 instant savingsspecial appliance dealsbertazzoni - up to $2350 savingsbosch - $1,150 + 10% off savingsdacor - free cookware set offerdcs - up to $200 savingsfrigidaire - up to $450 savingsge appliances kitchen package savings - up to $2,500ge caf� - free dishwasher offerhaier - up to $1,000 savingslg - up to $700 savingssamsung - up to $725 savingscustom package buildersamerican outdoor kitchencal flame outdoor kitchenkamado joe outdoor kitchenkitchen appliance packageslg black stainless steelluxury appliancesluxury apartment packagesluxury kitchen builderlynx sedona outdoor kitchenmicrowaves with trim kit setsnapoleon outdoor kitchenrcs outdoor kitchensamsung black stainless collectionsamsung chef collectionvalued appliance packageswasher and dryer laundry pairswholesale apartment size kitchen support center → shipping methods shipping methods how will my item(s) be delivered? when purchasing a large item over 75 lbs. from appliancesconnection, you can expect call from a trucking representative 24-48 hours prior to delivery to schedule a delivery date and time. for ground delivery, your item will be unloaded from the truck and brought to the curb of your house or to your garage. please read below for more information regarding all delivery options and services offered. free in-home nationwide delivery (7-14 business days): free delivery is automatically included on all orders over $99. some exclusions may apply. to find out if you qualify, please input your shipping zip code in your cart. threshold delivery is a fully insured type of shipping which includes delivery to the threshold of your front door or garage. upon delivery, the delivery men will unload the merchandise from the truck, bring it to the threshold of your front door or garage so you can inspect the merchandise. no stairs are included. please note that this service will not be peformed if the unit does not fit through the main door or entrance. additional fees will be applied if the door must be taken off of the hinges. additional fees will apply if you have stairs. this service does not include installation. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. this service may not be available in some remote or rural areas. read what to expect below. delivery company will call you to provide you with the date and time for the delivery, they will give 4-6 hour window for the delivery date and time. transportation directly from our warehouse to your location courteousy call 1 hour before delivery equipment to safely lower product from the truck to the ground comprehensive physical inspection form delivery of product placed just inside your preferred entrance delivery service for trucking orders is to the garage or enterance of the house with no steps, unless otherwise ordered at the time of the delivery. if you have stairs, and forgot to add them to the invoice, and the driver has not yet delivered the package, you can still call and have them added. the same goes for if any hinges must be removed due to the product not fitting through a door. expedited shipping is available upon request. to request expedited shipping(3 days, 2nd day or next day delivery), please contact our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. for more information about our shipping policy, click here. common carrier ground delivery (7-14 business days): ground delivery is basic shipping service. the product will be shipped out via ups, usps, fedex or a common trucking carrier. for oversized products, this service will be provide to you with a curbside delivery. if you require the product to be brought to your front door or garage, please refer to threshold or white glove delivery. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. this service may not be available in some remote or rural areas. white glove delivery (7-14 business days): white glove delivery is a special service that is safest for large and overweight items. this service is a fully insured type of shipping which includes delivery to the room of your choice. upon delivery, the delivery men will unload, uncrate, unpack and deliver the product into your room of choice on the first floor so you can inspect the merchandise. most of the packing materials will be collected and removed (debris removal service is not available in all areas). please note that this service cannot be completed if the unit does not fit through the door. additional fees will be applied if the doors must be taken off of the hinges. additional charges may apply for deliveries past the first floor (there will be a $25 per floor charge for any item being delivered to past the first floor). this service does not include installation. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. this service may not be available in some remote or rural areas. read what to expect below. delivery company will call you to provide you with the date and time for the delivery, they will give 4-6 hour window for the delivery date and time. transportation directly from our warehouse to your location courteousy call 1 hour before delivery equipment to safely lower product from the truck to the ground comprehensive physical inspection form position of the item in the home according to homeowner's specifications removal of product from packing materials removal of packaging, subject to your request leave your location free of damages please note: this service is only available if the unit fits through the door. if the door needs to be removed, an additional fee will be incurred. delivery service for white glove orders are positioned in the home according to homeowner's specifications given upon ordering. an additional fee is incurred for each floor after the first floor ( $25 per a floor). if you have stairs, and forgot to add them to the invoice, and the driver has not yet delivered the package, you can still call and have them added. the same goes for if any hinges must be removed due to the product not fitting through a door. expedited shipping is available upon request. to request expedited shipping(3 days, 2nd day or next day delivery), please contact our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. for more information about our shipping policy, click here. shipping questions how can you offer free shipping on most of your products? in order to provide you with free shipping, we incorporate the shipping charge into our item price. please note that free shipping includes curbside delivery service only. if you would like the item to be taken into your home, an additional fee will apply. how do i get free in-home delivery? *to get free in-home delivery: place $99 of qualifying items in cart. no promo code necessary. offer ends 7/31. the minimum purchase amount for free shipping does not include purchases of gift cards or tax. offer applies to in-home delivery to one location and may be subject to additional fees due to size and/or weight, certain items bear a shipping surcharge, and remote area locations. do you ship to my area? we currently ship to the entire united states, including hawaii and alaska. unfortunately, we do not ship to canada at this time. what is the difference between each of the shipping methods that you offer? the most basic service that we offer is ground shipping. ground shipping is a curbside delivery, so the shipping company will bring the item to the curb outside of your house. the next level service that we offer is in-home delivery. for in-home delivery, the item is placed directly inside the first entrance to your residence/business. the top level service that we offer is white glove delivery. for white glove deliveries, your products will be placed in your room of choice and uncrated. how fast will you ship my product? normally, unless stated otherwise, items are shipped out 24-48 hours. if this is not the case, an estimated time of delivery will be sent to you within 24 hours of placing your order. our window for standard deliveries is 7-10 business days. can i get faster shipping? when inside your cart you will notice an option below for a fast shipping method. for just a little more you can have your order pushed to the top. also see next question. what is quick ship? items that are listed as quick ship are currently available in our warehouse, thus cutting down on shipping time to your location. these items generally ship within 7-10 days, so you can be confident that when you order, your product(s) will arrive in a timely fashion. do you have free shipping? yes! we offer free shipping on most items in our system. we also carry many rebates that offer a reduction in price for delivery and installation. how can you offer free shipping on most of your products? in order to provide you with free shipping, we incorporate the shipping charge into our item price. please note that free shipping includes curbside delivery service only. if you would like the item to be taken into your home, an additional fee will apply. do you ship on the weekends? unfortunately, we do not ship on weekends. our warehouse is closed. however, some of our partner shipping companies do delivery on weekends. can i receive my delivery over the weekend? weekend deliveries are not included in our delivery prices. if you would like a weekend delivery at an additional fee, please contact your sales rep or call 800-299-9470 and we would be glad to schedule this for you. please note that weekend deliveries may not be available in all areas. when will i get my tracking number? once the product ships out of our warehouse, you will receive the tracking number the following day. you can contact us with any questions about your purchase monday thru friday. please visit our store hours for more information. when will i receive my product? most product that we carry will ship in 7-14 business days. it usually takes one week for your product to be delivered. this is mainly for larger items. these are non-ups-able items, as we like to call them. other, smaller items, generally ship faster. are installation and removal of my old appliance included with my delivery service? unfortunately, installation and removal are not included in your basic delivery, but each option is available to you for a small additional cost. please note, however, that installation and removal services are not available in all areas. speak to your salesperson to find out if these services are available in your area. what happens in the event that my product arrives damaged? if a product arrives to your location and it is damaged, you do not have anything to worry about. appliancesconnection has a great relationship with all manufacturers and will work directly with them to get your product repaired by a factory authorized technician at no cost to you. furthermore, if your product cannot be repaired, it will be replaced free of charge. you can rest assured that with both the appliancesconnection 30 day satisfaction guaranteed return policy and the manufacturer's full parts and labor warranty, you will never be stuck with a lemon. where are you located? we are located in brooklyn, ny. view our contact page who ships my product? depending on your location, one of our many appliance and furniture specialists will deliver the products to you. how is my product delivered? all of our shipments are palletized, double-boxed and/or wrapped with a layer of bubbles in order to prevent shipping damages. depending on the level of service you use at checkout, the delivery company will either bring the products to your door, or will bring the product inside of your home. need a shipment at a later date? no problem. order today and put the date you want the product to be held until and we will do our best to ship it to you on or near that date. customer service your account contact us return policy privacy policy frequently asked questions payment options hours of operation why buy from us about us shipping information product availability shipping methods delivery expectations haul away information installation information rescheduling delivery order tracking billing information billing helppayment options obtaining a copy of my invoice sales tax related information order information questions about your order connect with us share your decorating tips, find renovation inspiration and get free goodies by connecting with us! appliances connection blog catalogs facebook twitter google+ youtube pinterest instagram flickr customer support my account order status return policy payment options privacy policy store hours frequently asked questions convenience features wishlist coupon codes buy back program specialty pages appliance parts refer a purchase to a friend 18 months financing scavolini kitchen design clearance sale complete kitchen packages resources how to shop online how to checkout with financing bulk/contractor sales learning center shop our catalogs site map affiliates brand stores rebates rss company information about us contact us our promise ratings & reviews why buy from us sign up for our newsletter and qualify for a free kitchen giveaway! © 2000-2016 appliancesconnection.com mobile version sign up and qualify for a free kitchen giveaway! my account about us rebate center faqs contact us connect with us appliances connection blog facebook twitter google+ youtube pinterest instagram flickr © 2000-2016 appliancesconnection.com