来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191214135543/https://www.appliancesconnection.com/shipping-methods.html
================================================================================

shipping methods | appliances connection welcome to appliances connection! sign in (reference #: 1lp3r8x-) coupons | financing | showroom | closeouts | rebate center | blog | help desk appliances connection logo 800-299-9470 my account hello. sign inyour account ▾ 0 cart ▾ log in don't have an account? sign up now! your orders your tickets your wishlist notifications my account track your order laundry laundry refrigeration refrigeration cooking cooking dishwashers dishwashers air conditioning air conditioning outdoor outdoor furniture furniture commercial commercial plumbing plumbing packages packages brands brands labor day sale deals appliance offers top of the line appliances furniture offers hottest furniture trands closeout offers while supplies last! special financing up to 24 months coronavirus covid-19 (latest announcement): our commitment to you customer service your account contact us about appliancesconnection privacy policy return policy business hours why buy from us frequently asked questions customer reviews shipping information appliance delivery & installation installation information haul away information product availability shipping methods delivery expectations rescheduling a delivery billing information obtaining a copy of my invoice no sales tax payment options billing and pricing help order information order status help terms & conditions support center → shipping methods shipping methods how will my item(s) be delivered? when purchasing a large item over 75 lbs. from appliances connection, you can expect call from a trucking representative 24-48 hours prior to delivery to schedule a delivery date and time. for ground delivery, your item will be unloaded from the truck and brought to the curb of your house or to your garage. smaller items are shipped with common carrier companies, such as fedex and ups. please read below for more information regarding all delivery options and services offered. threshold delivery* (7-14 business days after shipping): free threshold delivery is automatically included on all orders over $99. some exclusions may apply. to find out if you qualify, please input your shipping zip code in your cart. *free threshold delivery not valid in all areas. threshold delivery is a fully insured type of shipping which includes delivery to the threshold of your front door or garage. upon delivery, the delivery men will unload the merchandise from the truck, bring it to the threshold of your front door or garage so you can inspect the merchandise. no stairs are included. please note that this service will not be peformed if the unit does not fit through the main door or entrance. additional fees will be applied if the door must be taken off of the hinges. additional fees will apply if you have stairs. this service does not include installation. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. this service may not be available in some remote or rural areas. read what to expect below. delivery company will call you to provide you with the date and time for the delivery, they will give 4-6 hour window for the delivery date and time. transportation directly from our warehouse to your location courteousy call 1 hour before delivery equipment to safely lower product from the truck to the ground comprehensive physical inspection form delivery of product placed just inside your preferred entrance delivery service for trucking orders is to the garage or enterance of the house with no steps, unless otherwise ordered at the time of the delivery. if you have stairs, and forgot to add them to the invoice, and the driver has not yet delivered the package, you can still call and have them added. the same goes for if any hinges must be removed due to the product not fitting through a door. expedited shipping is available upon request. to request expedited shipping(3 days, 2nd day or next day delivery), please contact our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. for more information about our shipping policy, click here. common carrier ground delivery (7-14 business days after shipping): ground delivery is basic shipping service. the product will be shipped out via ups, usps, fedex or a common trucking carrier. for oversized products, this service will be provide to you with a curbside delivery. if you require the product to be brought to your front door or garage, please refer to threshold or white glove delivery. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. this service may not be available in some remote or rural areas. white glove delivery (7-14 business days after shipping): white glove delivery is a special service that is safest for large and overweight items. this service is a fully insured type of shipping which includes delivery to the room of your choice. upon delivery, the delivery men will unload, uncrate, unpack and deliver the product into your room of choice on the first floor so you can inspect the merchandise. most of the packing materials will be collected and removed (debris removal service is not available in all areas). please note that this service cannot be completed if the unit does not fit through the door. additional fees will be applied if the doors must be taken off of the hinges. additional charges may apply for deliveries past the first floor (there will be a $29.99 per floor charge for any item being delivered to past the first floor). this service does not include installation. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. this service may not be available in some remote or rural areas. read what to expect below. delivery company will call you to provide you with the date and time for the delivery, they will give 4-6 hour window for the delivery date and time. transportation directly from our warehouse to your location courteousy call 1 hour before delivery equipment to safely lower product from the truck to the ground comprehensive physical inspection form position of the item in the home according to homeowner's specifications removal of product from packing materials removal of packaging, subject to your request leave your location free of damages please note: this service is only available if the unit fits through the door. if the door needs to be removed, an additional fee will be incurred. delivery service for white glove orders are positioned in the home according to homeowner's specifications given upon ordering. an additional fee is incurred for each floor after the first floor ($29.99 per floor). if you have stairs, and forgot to add them to the invoice, and the driver has not yet delivered the package, you can still call and have them added. the same goes for if any hinges must be removed due to the product not fitting through a door. expedited shipping is available upon request. to request expedited shipping(3 days, 2nd day or next day delivery), please contact our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. for more information about our shipping policy, click here. shipping questions how can you offer free shipping on most of your products? in order to provide you with free shipping, we incorporate the shipping charge into our item price. please note that free shipping includes curbside delivery service only. if you would like the item to be taken into your home, an additional fee will apply.  free shipping is not available outside of our normal delivery area.  to see if you qualify for free delivery, please enter your zip code in the cart. do you ship to my area? we currently ship to the entire united states, including hawaii and alaska. unfortunately, we do not ship to canada at this time. what is the difference between each of the shipping methods that you offer? the most basic service that we offer is ground shipping. ground shipping is a curbside delivery, so the shipping company will bring the item to the curb outside of your house. the next level service that we offer is threshold delivery. for threshold delivery, the item is placed directly inside the first entrance to your residence/business. the top level service that we offer is white glove delivery. for white glove deliveries, your products will be placed in your room of choice and uncrated. how fast will you ship my product? normally, unless stated otherwise, items are shipped out 24-48 business hours. if this is not the case, an estimated time of delivery will be sent to you within 24 business hours of placing your order. our window for standard deliveries is 7-10 business days. can i get faster shipping? when inside your cart you will notice an option below for a fast shipping method. for just a little more you can have your order pushed to the top. also see next question. what is quick ship? items that are listed as quick ship are currently available in our warehouse, thus cutting down on shipping time to your location. these items generally ship within 7-10 days, so you can be confident that when you order, your product(s) will arrive in a timely fashion. do you ship on the weekends? unfortunately, we do not ship on weekends. our warehouse is closed. however, some of our partner shipping companies do delivery on weekends. can i receive my delivery over the weekend? weekend deliveries are not included in our delivery prices. if you would like a weekend delivery at an additional fee, please contact your sales rep or call 800-299-9470 and we would be glad to schedule this for you. please note that weekend deliveries may not be available in all areas. when will i get my tracking number? once the product ships out of our warehouse, you will receive the tracking number the following day. you can contact us with any questions about your purchase monday thru friday. please visit our store hours for more information. when will i receive my product? most product that we carry will be delivered in 7-14 business days after the order ships. are installation and removal of my old appliance included with my delivery service? unfortunately, installation and removal are not included in your basic delivery, but each option is available to you for an additional cost. please note, however, that installation and removal services are not available in all areas. speak to your salesperson to find out if these services are available in your area. what happens in the event that my product arrives damaged? if a product arrives to your location and it is damaged, you do not have anything to worry about. appliances connection has a great relationship with all manufacturers and will work directly with them to get your product repaired by a factory authorized technician at no cost to you. furthermore, if your product cannot be repaired, it will be replaced free of charge.  if the damages are extensive, simply refuse the damaged item, and appliances connection will either ship you out a replacement unit or credit you for the damaged item. where are you located? we are located in brooklyn, ny. view our contact page how is my product delivered? all of our shipments are palletized, double-boxed and/or wrapped with a layer of bubbles in order to prevent shipping damages. for ground delivery, the delivery company will deliver the merchandise to your curb. for threshold delivery, the delivery company will deliver the merchandise to the first dry entrance of your house or garage. for white glove delivery, the delivery company will deliver the merchandise to your room of choice as well as uncrate the item(s). need a shipment at a later date? no problem. order today and put the date you want the product to be held until and we will do our best to ship it to you on or near that date. connect with us share your decorating tips, find renovation inspiration and earn rewards by connecting with us! appliances connection blog facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram support my account order status return policy payment options privacy policy store hours frequently asked questions delivery & installation services bulk order/corporate sales terms and conditions features wishlist coupon codes specialty pages appliance parts rewards program special financing scavolini kitchen design closeout sale complete kitchen packages resources trade program advertise with us vendor registration learning center site map affiliates brands rebates rss kitchen design help multifamily appliances supplier company about us contact us gsa contract testimonial why buy from us newsletter sign up for exclusive promo codes, giveaways, and new product alerts. special financing available everyday click here to learn more © 2000-2020 appliancesconnection.com connect with us appliances connection blog facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram newsletter sign up for exclusive promo codes, giveaways, and new product alerts. my account about us accessibility options rebate center blog faqs contact us special financing available everyday click here to learn more © 2000-2020 appliancesconnection.com