来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231164709/https://www.appliancesconnection.com/page-frequently-asked-questions.html
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | appliances connection welcome to appliances connection! sign in (reference #: 1lp3rhn-) coupons | financing | closeouts | rebate center | blog | design consultation | help desk appliances connection logo search on appliancesconnection 800-299-9470 my account hello. sign inyour account ▾ 0 cart ▾ log in don't have an account? sign up now! your orders your tickets your wishlist notifications my account track your order laundry laundry refrigeration refrigeration cooking cooking dishwashers dishwashers air conditioning air conditioning outdoor outdoor furniture furniture commercial commercial plumbing plumbing hardware hardware packages packages brands brands deals deals appliance offers top of the line appliances furniture offers hottest furniture trands closeout offers while supplies last! special financing up to 24 months customer service your account contact us about appliancesconnection privacy policy return policy business hours why buy from us frequently asked questions customer reviews shipping information appliance delivery & installation installation information haul away information product availability shipping methods delivery expectations rescheduling a delivery billing information obtaining a copy of my invoice no sales tax payment options billing and pricing help order information order status help terms & conditions support center → frequently asked questions frequently asked questions search for terms or ask a question to filter results top 10 questions how do i get free in-home delivery? all purchases* over $99.00 shipping to certain locations are eligible for free in-home delivery. enter your zip code in the cart to see if you qualify. *certain items excepted due to manufacturer restrictions. do you ship to my area? we currently ship to the entire united states, including hawaii and alaska. simply enter your zip code in the cart process to see if we ship to your area. we ship to almost every location in the continental unites states. some instances may require a ferry to reach you. your final shipping fee will be calculated once you enter your zip code during the checkout process. unfortunately, we do not ship to canada at this time. how fast does my products ship? usually orders go through a 24-48 business hour process before being shipped out. some items are special order and require additional time and labor to process. check availability of the item listed on the product page. because our discounts are based on consolidated shipping, items will be held up until all order items are available for shipment. if you require some items sooner than the others, please place your orders separately. this will ensure your items will be shipped out immediately when they become available. to get an accurate date on the specific product you are looking to buy, please visit the product page for that item. estimated shipping and delivery dates are available to you. what is your return policy? appliancesconnection offers a 30 day return policy from the date the merchandise ships. if, for whatever reason, you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, you may return it to our warehouse for a full refund. just go through our easy online process under my account, there will be an available action for your order for “return an item”. click this action and select a reason and click submit. our return policy is available here as well: return policy. what do i do if my items are damaged? the process for damaged products depends on the degree of damage. however, no matter the degree of damage, appliances connection will make sure everything is handled to your satisfaction. if the damage to the product is minor or cosmetic, appliances connection will take work directly with brands to resolve the matter. a factory authorized technician will be sent to repair your product at no cost to you. if the damage to your product is catastrophic and beyond repair, you will note the damages on the bill of landing. you will also refuse the shipment. appliances connection will either ship out a replacement product (if available) or refund your order. in the event of catastrophic damage, appliances connection will assume any return shipping costs. you always have the option to call us during our hours of operation for immediate support. what payment methods do you accept? we accept most forms of payments including all major credit cards, paypal credit, paypal, checks, money order, wire transfers, brandsource financing, bread financing and purchase orders. do you offer financing? yes, we do offer financing using the appliances connection credit card. it's fast, easy and secure; and if you get instant approval, you can start shopping immediately online or in our retail store. we regularly offer no interest financing on either 6 month plans or 12 month plans. we also offer up to 24 month plans during certain promotional periods. see our financing page for details. additionally, we offer financing through paypal credit, brandsource financing, and bread financing. can i split my order to multiple payments? we can accommodate the splitting of orders into multiple payments and/or shipments. however, at this time, it is not possible to set this up via our website. if these are options in which you are interested, please contact our customer service department and we'll be happy to assist in making arrangements. are installation and removal of my old appliance included with my delivery service? no, installation and removal are optional services that can be purchased at the time of checkout or at any time before your scheduled delivery by calling our customer service department. please note that this service is not available in all areas. the price is listed in the item page or cart page, when you enter your zip code. if it is not listed on the item page, this service is not available based on your zip code. what's included in your installation services? basic hook up service includes hook up and removal of all freestanding appliances such as freestanding refrigerators, ranges, washers and dryers. the new appliance will be tested to make sure it works correctly. all packaging materials will be removed, and your home will be restored to its original condition. complex install services will require the purchase of additional services. this includes hook up and removal of all built-in appliances such as built-in refrigerators, cooktops, pro ranges, wall ovens, built-in microwaves, over-the-range microwaves (otr), and built-in dishwashers. the new appliance will be tested to make sure it works correctly. all packaging materials will be removed, and your home will be restored to its original condition. in the event proper utilities and shutoffs, or venting sources are not available at the time of delivery, a complete hook up will not be possible or an additional fee will be added. shipping & delivery do you have free shipping? / how do i qualify for free shipping? we offer free nationwide in-home delivery on most products we sell within our normal delivery area. there are some restrictions to this service. for hawaii and alaska, there will be a shipping fee as these states are outside of our free delivery radius. also, there may be some rural areas whose location proves to be difficult to reach. please enter your zip code in the cart process to see if you qualify. what is threshold delivery? threshold delivery is a fully insured type of shipping which includes delivery to the threshold of your front door or garage. upon delivery, the delivery men will unload the merchandise from the truck, bring it to the threshold of your front door or garage so you can inspect the merchandise. no stairs are included. please note that this service will not be performed if the unit does not fit through the main door or entrance. additional fees will be applied if the door must be taken off of the hinges. additional fees will apply if you have stairs. this service does not include installation. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. what is common carrier ground delivery? ground delivery is basic shipping service. the product will be shipped out via ups, usps, fedex or a common trucking carrier. for oversized products, this service will be providing to you with a curbside delivery. if you require the product to be brought to your front door or garage, please refer to threshold or white glove delivery. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. this service may not be available in some remote or rural areas. what is white glove delivery? white glove delivery is a special service that is safest for large and overweight items. this service is a fully insured type of shipping which includes delivery to the room of your choice. upon delivery, the delivery men will unload, uncrate, unpack and deliver the product into your room of choice on the first floor so you can inspect the merchandise. most of the packing materials will be collected and removed (debris removal service is not available in all areas). please note that this service cannot be completed if the unit does not fit through the door. additional fees will be applied if the doors must be taken off of the hinges. additional charges may apply for deliveries past the first floor (there will be a $25 per floor charge for any item being delivered to past the first floor). this service does not include installation. installation services are sold separately. for additional delivery services and installation questions, please call our sales department at 800-299-9470 option 1. what is the difference between each of the shipping methods that you offer? the most basic service that we offer is ground shipping. ground shipping is a curbside delivery, so the shipping company will bring the item to the curb outside of your house. the next level service that we offer is in-home delivery. for in-home delivery, the item is placed directly inside the first entrance to your residence/business. the top-level service that we offer is white glove delivery. for white glove deliveries, your products will be placed in your room of choice and uncrated. how can you offer free shipping on most of your products? in order to provide you with free shipping, we incorporate the shipping charge into our item price. please note that free shipping includes curbside delivery service only. if you would like the item to be taken into your home, an additional fee may apply. free shipping only available in our normal delivery areas. some remote locations do not qualify for free shipping. please enter your zip code in the cart to see if you qualify. who ships my products? at appliances connection, we subcontract to specialized, insured, less than truckload (ltl) trucking companies as well as common carrier companies (fedex, ups, usps) to complete the delivery in the quickest and most reliable way. how are my products delivered? smaller items such as countertop microwaves and window air conditioners are sent using usps, ups, or another parcel service. the item, in its factory sealed box, will be placed in a larger box and padded with packing material for maximum protection. major home appliances including ranges and laundry machines are delivered via less than truckload (ltl) trucking companies. they are palletized, double-boxed, packed with internal corner edges, internal straps, then encased in bubble wrap and/or styrofoam packing. how do i ship at a later date? currently you may leave a comment during the checkout process to choose a later date for delivery. we may not be able to guarantee your chosen date, but we will work with you at your convenience. can i get faster/expedited shipping? expedited shipping is available on most items we sell. in the cart process just check off the box - add express trucking delivery for $69.99. expedited shipping pushes your order to the top of the queue. please note that in order for us to ship these products to you quicker, we may need to use carriers that provide only curbside delivery. do you deliver on weekends? weekend deliveries are not a part of our normal delivery schedule. they can, however, be arranged for a fee. when will i get my tracking number? once your order leaves our warehouse, you will be sent an email notification with all of the tracking details including: a clickable link to the trucking company responsible for delivering your product(s), a phone number to the trucking company and an estimated delivery date. can i reschedule a delivery? yes. if you need to reschedule your delivery, please notify us at least two days prior to the scheduled delivery date in order to avoid a rescheduling fee. what happened if i can't be there to sign for a delivery? in the case that someone is not available to accept delivery, our customer service should be notified no less than 48 hours prior to the scheduled delivery time. upon notifying appliances connection, a new delivery date will be set up. in addition, you can provide us a signed document stating that we may leave the item. in this case, you will be responsible for the shipment once it is delivered. can you deliver my old appliances to a different address after my new ones are installed? no. we do not deliver your old appliances to other locations. if my order can't be delivered to the spot i wanted because of space constrictions, can the delivery partner carry it there? our delivery partners try to go above and beyond to provide you with a great delivery experience. however, for the sake of safety and the prevention of possible damage/injury, they will not lift or hoist your items over banisters or other obstructions or push the items through windows to deliver your merchandise. what can i expect from an appliances connection delivery? for information about appliances connection delivery expectation please click here. installation & services what does your full service install entail? basic hook up service includes hook up and removal of all freestanding appliances such as freestanding refrigerators, ranges, washers and dryers. the new appliance will be tested to make sure it works correctly. all packing materials will be removed, and your home will be restored to its original condition. what does your complex service install entail? complex install services will require the purchase of additional services. this includes hook up and removal of all built-in appliances such as built-in refrigerators, cooktops, pro ranges, wall ovens, built-in microwaves, over-the-range microwaves (otr), and built-in dishwashers. the new appliance will be tested to make sure it works correctly. all packing materials will be removed, and your home will be restored to its original condition. what if i need an extra part during the installation process? don't worry! our partners determine the parts/accessories needed to safely connect appliances to home utilities and will offer to sell any needed parts, accessories or installation services not purchased at the time of the appliance sale. our partners only carry standard installation parts. if your connections are not currently standard, you will need to purchase a new part or a conversion kit to work with the standard installation parts do you offer removal of old appliances? we offer removal services for units similar to the one you have purchased, within reason. for example, if you are purchasing a large freestanding refrigerator then the removal service will be for removal of the same type of item. when purchasing a built-in refrigerator, an option for removal of a built-in unit will display as a purchase option on the product page. additional charges may apply for this service. due to changing regulations, this service may not be available in all areas (mainly rural and less populated areas). the removal from the threshold of the residence is included and any additional floors or areas will require a surcharge. please enter your zip code at checkout to see if you qualify for product removal. protection plans & warranty how is a warranty from consumer protection services (cps) different from the manufacturer's warranty? a manufacturer's warranty usually offers limited coverage for a limited time. lengths of coverage may vary for parts and labor respectively. for example, a common manufacturer's warranty of a product might cover a consumer for one full year on parts defects but only 90 days on the high cost of labor involved to change those parts. cps plans provide comprehensive, long term, coverage on both parts and labor concurrently. this means that should your product fail within your plan's coverage time frame, both parts and labor costs are covered. how do i buy a cps plan? cps plans can be purchased in the course of purchasing your product online. you can also order a cps plan by calling our toll-free number within certain amount of time after purchasing the applicable product what's included in a cps plan? cps covers the same malfunctions as your original manufacturer's warranty in addition to value added features. coverage includes but is not limited to: defects in materials and workmanship protection from dust, heat, and internal humidity damage damage caused by power surges what products are covered in a cps plan? cps plan coverage is offered for large kitchen and laundry appliances along with various and sundry household appliances including, but not limited to, ice makers, trash compactors, air conditioners, portable heaters, humidifiers, and grills. when does my cps coverage start? a standard cps warranty takes effect when the manufacturer's warranty ends. how do i file a cps claim? first you must create an account at www.cpscentral.com. subsequently, cps claims may be filed 24 hours a day by logging on to your account. you may also call customer care at 800-905-0443. i filed a cps claim. now what? once alerted to your claim, cps will contact a local authorized service technician and inform them of the situation. the service technician will contact you to schedule a time to inspect your product. once they have assessed any defect, the service technician will repair your product. be advised, a follow-up visit may be required if the service technician does not have any necessary parts on hand or if additional unexpected defects are discovered. how do i know cps authorized service technicians are qualified? cps maintains a nationwide network of expert service technicians. authorized technicians are extensively trained by respective manufacturers before being sent into the field. they are versed in every aspect of the brands' products. because the appliance industry is ever changing, technicians undergo ongoing training in order to familiarize themselves with new models and features. in order to maintain their authorized status, each technician must pass bi-annual exams to verify product knowledge. we urge our customers to provide feedback regarding their experiences so that we may continually improve our services. will my cps coverage continue after my appliance is repaired? yes. your coverage will typically continue until the originally agreed upon contract expires. your coverage will end, however, if your appliance is replaced or the total cost of the repairs meets the maximum liability (the original price you paid for your appliance). what happens if the service center can't fix it? if a service technician is unable to repair your product, we will assess the current market value of the product and reimburse you that amount. can i use the standard plan for a commercially used appliance? no. if you purchase a commercially-rated product, you will need to purchase a commercial cps plan. can i renew my cps plan? service plans are renewable if certain conditions are met. renewal applications must be submitted 30 calendar days prior to the original plan's expiration date. please contact a customer representative at 800-905-0443 to discuss your renewal options. your account & orders how can i modify my order? you may modify your order as long as it has not reach the shipping process. options may or may not include: splitting an order for partial shipment, removing an item from an order or cancelling an order all together. the options can be found when you view an order from your account. you may not see any of these options listed depending if your order already has a shipping status. how do i cancel my order? most items enter the shipping process 30 minutes after you place your order. you may cancel entire orders within these first 30 minutes. you must call to request a cancellation any time before your item ships and we will make every effort to honor your cancellation request. all cancellations must be made verbal with one of our customer service representatives. if your order has already entered the shipment process, however, we might not be able to cancel it and it might ship despite your request. if this happens, simply refuse the order or contact us for a rma. cancellations are honored via phone only with a live representative; e-mail cancellation requests are considered invalid as we cannot guarantee it will reach us and/or get read before your item leaves our location. if you have already signed your credit card authorization, meaning the items have been routed to the shipping department and/or our drop-ship vendor, or for orders that have been partially billed, there will be a cancellation fee of 15% to cover fees for processing and those fees associated with the credit card companies and/or vendors. how do i track my order? if you would like to track your order or an item from your order, please log in with your email address and password. you may track any item that has entered the shipping process and has been shipped out. i did not receive email confirmation? if you did not receive a confirmation on the order, and however, successfully clicked the last submit button, most likely our server received your order but communication back to your pc was interrupted. please do not replace the order online. if you do, you may end up with duplicate orders and both being charged since we use an automatic computer system. call our customer service at 800-299-9470 to make sure your order was received to be safe. if you did not receive an email from us after you placed and order, it's possible our email replies are being blocked by your browser settings or by your internet service provider. this sometimes happens to commercial email even when it's legitimate, like email from our customer support department or automatic order status notification emails. if you think this is happening to you, consult the help section of your email program and see how to relax or open up the settings that filter or block email that you receive. or contact your internet service provider for advice on loosening your email filter settings. once you've done that, email us again and we'll gladly answer your question again. if you still don't receive a reply, email us again and ask us to call you. how do i use my rewards points? if you have unused rewards points you may use them after 30 days of original purchase by simply applying them in your cart in the checkout process. to apply points, press the "click here" under the secure checkout button. payments & billing when will i be charged? when will my card be charged for my order? when will my payment be taken? your credit card will be charged once your order ships out. please note that sometimes your tracking number is not yet available when an order is shipped, but you will receive it within 24-48 hours from the date of shipping. special order items are charged as soon as the order is placed with the manufacturer and is non-cancellable at that point. when will my account get credited? it takes us approximately two business days to process a credit back to your credit card account and 7 business days for it to appear on your statement. after appliancesconnection.com issues the credit, the rest of the process is out of our ability to speed up. at this point merchant services and your bank determine how long before the credit posts in your account. this is normally 7-14 business days. this is the exact process in reverse order as when any merchant charges your card. the customer will think there is an immediate withdrawal of the funds, but it is really only an authorized hold. once merchant services and the merchant's bank has processed the charge then the funds will appear in the merchants account. again, the same time frame applies to the merchant. how do you charge sales tax? view the full list of states in which we charge sales tax. we must charge sales tax on all transactions, regardless of origin, that ship to these states. sales tax is automatically computed on both product(s) and shipping costs. to see the total sales tax charged on your order, click on checkout after adding all the products you wish to purchase. we credit sales tax for government institutions. just fax us (800-920-4633) a copy of your resale certificate or government tax-exemption form with an address matching that of your order's to 800-299-9470. please include a copy of your receipt or your order number. my item is back ordered but my credit card was charged. as per our policy, your card is charged once any item in your order ships. in the event that the product does not become available, you will be credited in full for the price of the backordered item. if for any reason you have any question on charges that appear on your credit card statement please feel free to contact us and will response back to you with 24-48 hours. who qualifies for tax-exempt purchases? nonprofit organizations - schools, public charities, churches and other religious entities, and other nonprofit organizations generally qualify under federal law. a tax exemption certificate is required. individuals - foreign diplomats, agents of foreign governments, and other individuals may be exempt from paying state and state-collected sales tax. a sales tax exemption card, such as a federal government purchase card or foreign diplomat card, is required. federal and state governments - the u.s. government, its agencies, and its instrumentalities may make exempt purchases of goods and services. an exemption certificate or copy of government purchase card is required. how do i obtain a copy of the invoice? your packing slip is a loose piece of paper with your product description and sku number on it. it should be inside your package with your product. if you did not receive a packing slip with your order, please submit a copy of your 'order summary' instead of your missing packing slip. to print the order summary, please log into your account and click on the order number. how much is my shipping, handling and insurance? depending on the shipping method you choose, shipping cost may vary. it is calculated based on city, state and zip code. apo and p.o. box also vary. total shipping, handling and insurance is based on weight, dimensions, and number of items that are placed in the box. total cost of delivery is calculated after the order is processed. products may be shipped by parcel service (e.g., ups etc.) or by common or freight carrier, dependent on size and weight. white glove service, expedited shipping and other shipping options may be available for certain products at an additional charge. items that are shipped without white glove service are curbside delivery. other common questions this is my first time buying large appliances. how do i know if i'm getting the right appliance for my home? thank you for thinking of us when you decided to purchase a new appliance. shopping with appliancesconnection is very simple. we have spent many hours working to make our site easy to navigate and even more easy to purchase your new appliance. if you are new customer you will see on the left hand side of our site we have included a list of descriptive attributes that can be used to navigate our expansive product selection. here, you will find attributes like color, style, or size. choose which attribute you need and you will see the list focus on your choice. if you need to narrow your search by brand we also have an intuitive brand page search feature. this will target your search by brand. this feature combined with your attribute choices will ensure the utmost ease in finding exactly which one of our products you need. once your search has been sufficiently narrowed you can then see each product description written by one of our talented product specialists. it is in the product description that you will find the most specific information, usually including final price. simply add your selected product to your cart, then proceed to your cart to complete the easiest and safest way of shopping on the web. please keep in mind that due to manufacturer restrictions some items may not display the final prices or rebates. if you have any questions about this or any other aspect of shopping with appliancesconnection please don't hesitate to call us at: 800-299-9470 where are you located? we are located in brooklyn, ny, our warehouse is in new jersey. view our contact page. our state of the art showroom is located at 1870 bath avenue in brooklyn ny. come visit us! are your products brand new? unless otherwise specified, all of the products listed on our website are brand new in the manufacturers packing and come with a full manufacturer's warranty. some items are shipped directly from the manufacturer to your door step. in order to check the condition of the product, scroll down to the overview section and view the warranty info on the right side quick specs. how do i know if an item on your site is in stock? to check if an item is available, simply go to a product on our website and you will see the current stock status directly next to the product image. stock statuses you may see include in stock, available, pre-order, back-order, out of stock or special order. in stock products usually ship out within 72 hours of being ordered. available items are not physically in stock at our warehouse, however, based on the information provided by the manufacturer, it is still available to order. pre-order items have not been released by the manufacturer (items that are new to the market). back ordered items are not available at the current time, but will be back in stock once the manufacturer has received new stock. special order items are made to order/customized items, and are therefore unable to cancel once the product has been ordered from the manufacturer. how can you offer such low prices? in order to offer you the best prices available, appliancesconnection buys and stocks items in bulk quantities, allowing us to extend our discount to you, our customer. additionally, we consolidate all of our shipments, so the more you buy, the more you save. how long will these prices stay the same? prices vary daily on most products we sell. a lot of factors determine the price you are seeing, including availability, special buy-ins by appliances connection and promotional offers from the manufacturer. how do i get the maximum discount on my order? *percent discount is a combination of discount from msrp price, shipping price, mail-in rebate, coupons and package rebate incentives. maximum discount is not available on all items. certain exclusions apply. shipping promotions are not available in all locations. package rebate excludes certain brands that have manufacturer restrictions for mininum advertised prices (map). coupons are given depending on how much you are spending. for instance, you may get an extra $10 off on orders over $1000 and $20 off orders over $2000. we also give extra savings on orders with multiple qualifying items. simply add your items to the cart to see if you qualify. to find out how much your coupon is, click the ? in the promo code box at the bottom of your cart. do you have any coupons or discounts? appliancesconnection already has some of the lowest prices available for retail. on top of this, we offer extensive ways to save. explore our rebate center, visit our coupons page or add more to you cart (some exclusions) and see your savings balloon. how do i use rebates for savings? manufacturer's often offer great deals on their product. offers are subject to the terms specified by the manufacturer. visit our rebate information page. rebates can be downloaded from the rebate tab on the product page or in the cart process. simply fill them out, follow the instructions and submit them online. appliances connection does not guarantee rebate payment, nor provide refunds for denied rebate claims. what if i find a lower price someplace else? appliancesconnection will match or beat any advertised price that is lower than our current price including tax and shipping if the company is an authorized dealer of that product and if the company currently has the product in stock. exclusions may apply, please refer to our price match policy. you will need to send us a written quote or advertisement to qualify. price quote must show total after taxes and shipping to qualify. unauthorized dealer prices are not valid for price match guarantee. price matching is not available for orders that have already been shipped. appliances connection reserves the right to refuse any price match. how do i get extra savings? extra savings accumulate depending on how many items you have in your cart before checkout. these savings are offered on most brands we sell. the more you buy, the more you will save. what services do you provide for disabled customers? if you are disabled and need help placing an order, our courteous sales staff can assist you in making a decision and processing your order. if you are unable to accept a delivery, appliances connection offers white glove service, so your products will be brought into your home and place in your room of choice. there is, however, an additional fee for white glove service. how do i get service on my appliance? for appliances purchased at appliances connection, you may open up a ticket from your view order history screen on the order in question. we will assist you in making arrangements to get your item serviced as long as it under manufacturer warranty as quickly as possible. is it easier to order online or over the phone? you may place an order over the phone and receive the same discounts as an online order. whatever you choose to do, know that we enjoy being connected to you. we know that some people enjoy the personally catered service of our professional sales representatives. if you choose to call in, make sure it's within our normal business hours, which can be found on our contact us page. connect with us share your decorating tips, find renovation inspiration and earn rewards by connecting with us! appliances connection blog facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram support my account order status return policy payment options privacy policy store hours frequently asked questions delivery & installation services covid-19 announcement bulk order/corporate sales terms and conditions features wishlist coupon codes specialty pages appliance parts rewards program special financing scavolini kitchen design closeout sale complete kitchen packages resources trade program advertise with us vendor registration learning center site map affiliates brands rebates rss kitchen design help multifamily appliances supplier company about us contact us gsa contract investor relations testimonial why buy from us newsletter sign up for exclusive promo codes, giveaways, and new product alerts. special financing available everyday click here to learn more © 2000-2021 appliancesconnection.com connect with us appliances connection blog facebook twitter youtube pinterest instagram newsletter sign up for exclusive promo codes, giveaways, and new product alerts. my account about us accessibility options investor relations rebate center blog faqs covid-19 announcement contact us reference #: 1lp3rhn- special financing available everyday click here to learn more © 2000-2021 appliancesconnection.com