来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20240229135709/https://www.appliancesconnection.com/blog/
================================================================================

home & kitchen appliance blog | appliances connection buying guides product reviews expert tips ideas & inspiration appliances cooking dishwashers laundry outdoor refrigeration lifestyle choose bold appliances for a colorful kitchen read more refrigeration the most reliable refrigerator brands of 2024 read more cooking ducted vs. ductless range hoods: which is better? read more cooking the best high-end appliance brands for luxury kitchens in 2024 read more cooking which ilve range series should you choose? nostalgie ii vs. majestic ii vs. professional plus ii – and introducing panoramagic! read more refrigeration are retro refrigerators good investments? read more latest articles the best slide-in electric ranges of 2024 eco-friendly design, premium aesthetics, and easy-to-clean surfaces in one package. check out the best slide-in electric ranges from appliances connection and all the ways they’ll enhance your kitchen! feb 8, 2024 • read more the best undercounter refrigerators of 2024 the compact, versatile configurations of our best undercounter refrigerators cover everything from style preferences to accessibility needs. read inside to learn all the benefits these appliances come with and check out some top picks from our staff! feb 7, 2024 • read more the best european washing machine brands of 2024 at appliances connection, we carry the very best european washing machines from several internationally acclaimed laundry brands. read inside for the benefits of buying european-made washers and check out some top picks handpicked by our experts! feb 6, 2024 • read more small appliance gifts for her on valentine's day appliances connection carries a large selection of small appliance gifts that the special girl in your life will love. read inside for our top recommendations and some expert-picked appliances from each category. feb 5, 2024 • read more popular pros vs. cons: low profile microwaves choosing the best panel ready dishwasher for your kitchen's unique style are smeg appliances worth the money? which ilve range series should you choose? nostalgie ii vs. majestic ii vs. professional plus ii – and introducing panoramagic! stainless steel vs. plastic dishwasher tub - which is better? differences between medical and household refrigerators speed oven vs. steam oven: which one is right for you? laundry room appliance upgrades that are worth every penny what does the sanitization cycle on my dishwasher mean? are retro refrigerators good investments? 5 dishwasher finish options for any kitchen style appliances connection makes newsweek's list of best online shops are wine coolers worth the money? the benefits of sous vide cooking drew barrymore takes kitchen from dull to dazzling on celebrity iou buying guides the ultimate grill buying guide outdoor grills come in many different styles with many different features. check... by appliances connection the ultimate dishwasher buying guide dishwashers come in many different styles with many different features. check out... by appliances connection the ultimate refrigerator buying guide kitchen refrigerators come in many different sizes with many different features. check... by appliances connection the ultimate range buying guide ranges come in many different styles with many different features. check out... by appliances connection the ultimate wine cooler buying guide shop for wine coolers like a pro with this expert wine cooler... by appliances connection the ultimate cooktop buying guide buy a new cooktop with confidence thanks to this buying guide put... by appliances connection the ultimate freezer buying guide shop for a new freezer like a pro with this ultimate freezer... by appliances connection the ultimate fireplace buying guide winter is coming soon, and a fireplace is a perfect way to... by appliances connection the ultimate microwave oven buying guide microwaves are an essential kitchen appliance. check out this ultimate microwave buying... by appliances connection the ultimate washing machine buying guide washing machines come in many different styles with many different features. check... by appliances connection the ultimate wall oven buying guide wall ovens come in many different styles with many different features. check... by appliances connection the ultimate television buying guide etting a new tv is exciting, but there are many choices to... by appliances connection the ultimate dryer buying guide dryers come in many different styles with many different features. check out... by appliances connection the ultimate mattress buying guide getting a perfect night of sleep is important to your wellbeing. check... by appliances connection the ultimate air conditioner buying guide air conditioners come in many different styles with many different features. check... by appliances connection editors' picks product reviews the best dishwashers with hard food disposers of 2024 the best ventless dryers of 2024 the most reliable refrigerator brands of 2024 ducted vs. ductless range hoods: which is better? the best portable washing machines of 2024 the best 30-inch pro gas ranges of 2024 the best home ice makers of 2024 the best built-in coffee machines for your kitchen in 2024 the best downdraft range hoods of 2024 the best stackable washer and dryer sets of 2024 the best lg ranges of 2024 the best microwave air fryer combos of 2024 the best scratch-resistant cooktops of 2024 the best garage freezers of 2024 the best 120 volt compact electric dryers of 2024 expert how-tos how to defrost a freezer properly to prevent freezer burn and ice build-up, use one of these simple methods to properly defrost your freezer. also check out our top picks which make the process even easier! what microwave wattage do you need? microwaves are a kitchen essential, but knowing which wattage to get can be confusing. appliances connection is here to help you find the right power level for your needs and provide you with some top microwave picks. how to effectively descale your countertop coffee maker descaling your coffee machine is important to keeping it running properly and your coffee tasting great. check out these tips on how to effectively descale your countertop coffee maker. 8 things you can do to keep your freezer running well freezer maintenance is essential for long term preservation of frozen food item. read on for our expert tips to ensure your freezer operates at maximum efficiency. how to use your convection oven to make entertaining easier convection ovens can make cooking fasting and easier which is especially helpful when you have guests over. check out these tips for cooking with a convection oven. how to customize your cooktop custom cooktops are modern, modular innovations that are revolutionizing the way home chefs prepare meals and interior designers create the kitchens of their clients’ dreams. when and how often to clean all your small appliances we use small appliances, like toasters and coffee makers, daily, however, how often should we be cleaning them? appliances connection experts are here to answer when and how often we should clean our small appliances. the best beverage coolers of 2023 a beverage center is a great investment. it keeps all your drinks organized and at the perfect temperature. our experts here at appliances connection have put together this guide for you on how to pick a beverage center. how to measure for furniture delivery when picking out furniture, it easy to forget about taking measurements. appliances connection here to help make sure that the pieces you pick out fit perfectly in your home. how to keep your garbage disposal odor-free if your garbage disposal is giving off an odor, it can be very unpleasant to be in your kitchen. our experts are here to help you get rid of the odor and prevent it from happening again, how to clean your vacuum properly your vacuum keeps your home clean, but do you keep your vacuum clean? appliances connection is here to explain how to clean your vacuum properly. how to safely and effectively clean glasses in a dishwasher glasses are delicate, so it’s important you take the necessary precautions when putting them in the dishwasher to avoid damage. read on for a few of our expert glass care tips. how to defrost food in a microwave defrosting food in a microwave is quick and convenient, but how is it done? and is it safe? the experts at appliances connection are here to explain all. convection ovens vs. static ovens: what's the difference? bring commercial cooking quality to your home kitchen. learn when, why and how to use a convection oven vs. a static oven. how to tell if your washer/dryer needs to be repaired or replaced although a high-quality washing machine or dryer can last for years, it is important to recognize when your machines need replacing. appliances connection is here to help you decide if your machines need to be repaired or replaced. seasonal the best space heaters of 2024 save money and energy during the colder months with some of the best space heaters from appliances connection. we’ve selected models from a wide variety of categories to suit the needs of any consumer. air fryer recipes your whole family will love air fryers offer you quick, convenient cooking in addition to many health benefits. check out these delicious air fryer recipes for your family. humidifiers vs. dehumidifiers: which is better for your needs? keeping the humidity in your home at the perfect level is important for your comfort, as well as for keeping your house in good shape. check out the differences between humidifiers and dehumidifiers and which is best for your home. the best appliances for making soup - plus recipes you can try! there is no feeling quite like sipping on a bowl of warm soup on a chilly day. check out our top soup makers as well as five satisfying soup recipes you can make right at home. the best electric fireplaces of 2023 cozy up with a good book and a cup of coffee next to one of these amazing electric fireplaces hand-picked by our experts here at appliances connection. are outdoor fire pits safe? there’s no denying that curling up by an outdoor firepit is a fun and cozy experience, but are outdoor firepits safe? leave it to the appliances connection experts to answer that question for you. fire pits vs. patio heaters: which is best for your outdoor space? as the temperatures begin to drop, it may be a good idea to consider a way to heat your outdoor space. however, are patio heaters or a fire pit the best option for you? learn more about both from our experts. pros vs. cons: patio heaters patio heaters are a great addition to your outdoor space, allowing you to use it all year round. check out these pros and cons of patio heaters. pros vs. cons: wood-burning fire pits if you and your family love spending time together outside, a wood burning fire pit would make a great addition to your yard. check out these pros and cons of a wood burning fire pit. how to buy the best freezer chest keep your produce cool, your energy bills low, and your interior space looking its best, with this easy guide to finding the best freezer chest. the best portable generators for home use in 2023 in an emergency, having a generator is essential for keeping your food fresh and your lights on. check out what our appliance experts think are the best portable generators of 2023. the best smokeless fire pits of 2023 fire pits are a great way to utilize your outdoor areas but, the smoke that they give off may be annoying. appliances connection has a solution. learn about smokeless fire pits and why they would make a great addition to your home. design ideas 10 essential items for your home's recreation room 7 ideas for designing and furnishing your home gym appliances that work well in a galley kitchen 10 living room décor ideas to enhance your space 10 home bar ideas to enhance your space 9 simple design ideas to update your bedroom 9 dining room design ideas and tips to perfect your space knobs or pulls: which hardware should you choose for your kitchen? 4 double sink vanities we are loving in 2022 farmhouse sinks: fireclay vs. porcelain the latest trends in fixture finishes for the bathroom kitchen appliances at any budget: under $5,000 to $20,000+ minimalist kitchen essentials 4 beautiful vanity sink styles 5 classic hardware designs to suit any kitchen cabinet integrated cooking - minimalist design with black appliances what do i need for my outdoor bar? 10 best appliance brands for an industrial style kitchen 6 best appliance brands for a french country style kitchen 5 best appliance brands for a mediterranean style kitchen appliance brands and furniture for a coastal style kitchen appliance brands and furniture for a classic style kitchen 10 inspirational designs for farmhouse style bedrooms beautiful bathroom remodeling ideas and inspirations 5 design ideas for brooklyn industrial style home office 5 luxe style bedroom design ideas you'll love the best high-end range brands of 2024 the best high-end range brands combine form and function to upgrade both your cooking experience and your kitchen’s aesthetic. check out some of the best brands in 2024 and some top models from each that will be perfect for your next kitchen renovation. favorite finds coffee & espresso makers open-box appliances sanitize cycle dishwashers vacuums luxury refrigerators smart washer & dryer sets explore more buying guides popular latest expert how-tos product reviews seasonal sign up for our newsletter get more great ideas and inspiration delivered right to your inbox. subscribe × close a leading e-commerce retailer, appliances connection offers a remarkable selection of brands — in stock and ready to ship. customize your search by budget, features or specs, then tap into our expert advice, price-match guarantee, financing and free in-home delivery. follow us on social media company about us contact us gsa contract customer reviews why buy from us resources trade pro + financing delivery & installation trade program site map brands rebates rss kitchen design help support my account order status return policy payment options store hours faqs delivery & installation services company about us contact us gsa contract customer reviews why buy from us resources trade pro + financing delivery & installation trade program site map brands rebates rss kitchen design help support my account order status return policy payment options store hours faqs delivery & installation services follow us on social media