来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20240229135709/https://www.appliancesconnection.com/page-returnpolicy.html
================================================================================

return policy | appliances connection life connects here. | up to 65% off + up to $3000 or more back call us for the best deals 800-299-9470 | experts available 7 days a week! life connects here. | call us today for expert help 800-299-9470 life connects here. | call us today for expert help 800-299-9470 major appliances major appliances ranges wall ovens cooktops rangetops range hoods microwaves food disposers dishwashers refrigerators freezers wine coolers beverage centers ice makers washers dryers washer dryer combos laundry centers pedestals stacking kits laundry bundles ironing centers commercial laundry small appliances small appliances air fryers blenders/smoothie makers coffee and espresso makers coffee and spice grinders countertop ice makers countertop ovens countertop microwaves food processors griddles electric kettles hot plates ice cream makers juicers mixers mixers accessories popcorn makers rice cookers rotisseries specialty appliances slow cookers toasters waffle makers housewares housewares cooking tools cookware cutlery and knife accessories dining and entertaining fans kitchen utensils and gadgets irons and steamers trashcans personal care personal care fitness equipment heart rate monitors makeup mirrors massagers and spas saunas floorcare floorcare vacuums carpet steamers home improvement home improvement generators ladders pressure washers furniture furniture bedroom furniture dining room furniture living room furniture bar room furniture office furniture kitchen furniture storage furniture lighting home decor commercial appliances commercial appliances commercial refrigerators commercial freezers commercial cooking commercial grills commercial beverage equipments commercial food preparation food holding & warming equipment commercial ice machines commercial dish washing equipment programs & features programs & features financing trade pro+ blog rewards program rebates coupons all brands help & settings help & settings help desk f.a.q investor relations my account hello.sign in 0 log in don't have an account? sign up now! your orders your tickets your wishlist notifications my account track your order search on appliancesconnection trade pro+ blog closeouts financing help 0 cart shop all departments major appliances > small appliances > housewares > personal care > floorcare > home improvement > furniture > commercial appliances > programs & feeatures financing trade pro+ blog rewards program rebates coupons brands help & settings help desk f.a.q. investor relations main menu major appliances ranges wall ovens cooktops rangetops range hoods microwaves food disposers dishwashers refrigerators freezers wine coolers beverage centers ice makers washers dryers washer dryer combos laundry centers pedestals stacking kits laundry bundles ironing centers commercial laundry main menu small appliances air fryers blenders/smoothie makers coffee and espresso makers coffee and spice grinders countertop ice makers countertop ovens countertop microwaves food processors griddles electric kettles hot plates ice cream makers juicers mixers mixers accessories popcorn makers rice cookers rotisseries slow cookers toasters waffle makers wine coolers main menu housewares cooking tools cookware cutlery and knife accessories dining and entertaining fans kitchen utensils and gadgets irons and steamers trashcans main menu personal care fitness equipment heart rate monitors makeup mirrors massagers and spas saunas main menu floorcare vacuums carpet steamers main menu home improvement generators ladders pressure washers main menu furniture bedroom furniture dining room furniture living room furniture bar room furniture office furniture kitchen furniture storage furniture lighting home decor main menu commercial appliances commercial refrigerators commercial freezers commercial cooking commercial grills commercial beverage equipment commercial food preparation food holding & warming equipment commercial ice machines commercial dish washing equipment all departments top deals trade program save big on projects price match guarantee free item dealsthermador - get up to 3 free appliancesviking - buy one get onespecial dealsbertazzoni - $1000 suite rebatebosch - get up to $2550 offcafe - save up to $3000dacor - save up to 20%electrolux - save up to $1200fisher paykel - get $2750 offforte - kitchen promotionge profile - save up to $2000jennair - save up to $4200 backkitchenaid - save up to $3000lg - save up to $500 offmiele kitchen - get up to $2100 savingsmonogram - get up to $4500 offoutdoor dealsdcs - get 10% off when you spend $4999+lynx - get 10% off when you spend $5000 rebates laundry washers washer/dryer combos washer and dryer sets stackable washers and dryers laundry centers laundry pedestals laundry stacking kits ironing centers dryers commercial laundry smart washers smart dryers smart washer and dryer sets best selling laundry appliances refrigeration refrigerators freezers beverage centers ice makers wine coolers smart refrigerators luxury refrigerators commercial refrigerators commercial freezers best selling refrigeration appliances cooking ranges cooktops range hoods rangetops wall ovens microwaves best selling cooking appliances kitchen appliance packages built-in coffee systems compact kitchens smart ranges luxury ranges dishwashers built-in dishwashers drawer dishwashers countertop dishwashers portable dishwashers smart dishwashers luxury dishwashers view all dishwashers trash compactors clean up best selling dishwashers appliances guides air care air conditioners fans fireplaces humidifiers dehumidifiers heaters air purifiers best selling air conditioning appliances guides outdoor grills outdoor kitchens patio & lawn furniture televisions fire pits best sellers outdoor furniture deals pools guides furniture bedroom furniture dining room furniture living room furniture bar room furniture office furniture lighting kitchen furniture library & office furniture home decor storage furniture tv stands tables best sellers guides commercial commercial refrigerators commercial freezers commercial cooking equipment commercial grilling equipment commercial beverage equipment commercial food preparation food holding & warming equipment commercial ice machines commercial modular/ice machine head commercial dishwashing equipment commercial laundry plumbing sinks bathroom faucets kitchen saunas best sellers guides small appliances air quality beverage appliances cooking vacuums and floorcare food prep and storage specialty shop all small appliances packages kitchen appliance packages laundry pairs custom package builders brands all brands acme furnitureagaalfiamanaamerican rangeaskoavantibertazzonibestblombergbluestarboschbosch benchmarkbroancafecapitalcarrierchicago brick ovencoastercosmocoyotedacordanbydcseagoelectroluxelicaempavaequatorfaberfagorfhiabafisher paykelfivestarfortefotilefrankefriedrichfrigidairefrigidaire professionalfornoforno venetziafulgor milanofurniture of americafuturo futurogaggenaugege profileglobal furniture usahaierheartlandhestanhoshizakihotpointiioilveinsinkeratorjennairkamado joekenyonkingsbottlekitchenaidkobekohlerkuchtla cornuelglg signaturelg studioliebherrlynxmanhattan comfortmarvelmaytagmaytag commercialmielemonogrammrcoolnapoleonperlickpittprizer hoodspulaskireliablerohlsamsungscotsmansharpsignature design by ashleysmegspeed queensummerset grillssummitsunpentown sunstonesuperiorethermadorthor kitchentrade-windtrue residentialu-linevent-a-hoodveronavig furniturevigovikingvintagewalker edisonwhirlpoolwholesale interiorswindsterxoxtremeairzephyrzlinezuo top deals rebates laundry refrigeration cooking dishwashers air care outdoor furniture commercial plumbing small appliances packages brands we match or beat any price! call us today 1-800-299-9470 customer service your account contact us about appliancesconnection privacy policy return policy business hours why buy from us frequently asked questions shipping information appliance delivery & installation installation information haul away information product availability shipping methods delivery expectations rescheduling a delivery billing information obtaining a copy of my invoice no sales tax payment options billing and pricing help order information order status help terms & conditions home → support center → return policy return policy appliancesconnection offers a 30 day return policy that starts on the day you receive your merchandise. if, for any reason, you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, you can return it to our warehouse for a full refund. just go through our easy online process under my account, submit a web ticket and receive an rma number. requirements for a full refund items must be in new condition, or in the state that they were received. items must be returned with all of their original packaging and accessories, including a blank warranty card, upc code and no rebates should have been filed and/or claimed. items must be shipped back to us fully insured using a trackable shipping method at your expense. reasons why a fee may be deducted from your refund if you choose to have appliancesconnection.com pick up and exchange the item(s) from your residence or delivered address, there will be an estimated $0.75* per pound fee to cover the return shipping cost. if you choose to have appliancesconnection.com pick up and return the item(s) from your residence or delivered address, we will deduct an estimated $1.50* per pound fee from your refund to cover the return shipping costs. if you refuse delivery for any reason other than a damaged product, the return shipping cost (rated at an estimated $1.50* per pound) will be deducted from your refund value. if you refuse the entire shipment because only a part of the order is damaged, the cost of return shipping (rated at an estimated $1.50* per pound) for the non-damaged merchandise will be deducted from your refund value. items that are returned to us because the address provided was invalid and the items could not be delivered will cause you to incur a deduction of the cost of return shipping (rated at an estimated $1.50* per pound) from your refund value. if your order has already shipped and you choose to cancel/return an item from your order, we will deduct an estimated fee of $1.50* per lbs. from your refund to cover the return shipping costs. if your order included a package discount and any one item was returned/cancelled, the discount will be void and you will not be credited for the total amount of the discount. if parts or accessories are missing from the original packaging, a fee will be deducted from your refund value. if product(s) returned are discovered to be damaged, or not in the state it was delivered in, we will request you to file a claim with the carrier for a refund, as we request return shipments to be insured. *remote delivery locations may be subjected to additional charges. please note these are estimates, and may not be inclusive of taxes. when a product cannot be returned it has been more than 30 days from the date you received your shipment. item is marked as "final sale" or "special order." item is in used condition or has been installed. item is in "open box" or refurbished condition. warranty card has been filled out or the product has been registered or serviced, or rebates have been filed and/or claimed for the product(s) you want to return. products leased with progressive leasing may not be returned to appliances connection. please contact progressive leasing customer service 1-877-898-1970. for leased items that are damaged or defective within 30 days of delivery, contact appliances connection customer service at 800-299-9470 ext. 1502. how to return a product simply log into my account, view your recent orders and a request to return a valid product will be available for up to 30 days from the date of receipt. you may also request a product return by submitting a web ticket. additionally, you can also request a return by calling our customer service department at 800-299-9470 ext 1502. once you have contacted us for a return, an rma form will be issued with the address where to ship the item(s) back to the appropriate warehouse. you will then have to ship the item back to us, fully insured with a trackable shipping method. how to avoid a return if you are purchasing an electrical appliance, please check the voltage, fuel and gas type requirements to make sure that you have selected an appropriate model. if you are not sure, please consult your contractor. if you are purchasing built-in appliances, or plan on using your appliance in a built-in setting, please make sure to check the cutout dimensions of the units you are ordering to ensure that they will fit into the space. don't forget to account for airflow, door swings and openings! if your item arrives with minor or cosmetic damages due to shipping, don't worry. we can attempt to replace the damaged parts on the product so you can avoid returning a working product due to a small door dent. if you are ordering furniture or other large products, please make sure that the items that you are ordering will fit through the doorway to your residence. additional fees may apply if the door must be removed. also, if you order in-home delivery and the item does not fit, the shipping company will have to leave the product right outside your door, on a porch or in a garage. additionally, please make sure to measure the area where those larger products will be located once shipped, taking into account how much space you will have once the items are placed, i.e. walking room, space for drawers/doors to open, etc. if your product arrives to your location with a manufacturer malfunction, don't worry! all products sold by appliancesconnection.com in new condition will be fully covered under the manufacturer's warranty. if the product malfunctions within our 30 day return policy, we ensure that your product will be returned to its factory standard condition. if the manufacturer deems it irreparable, we will pick up the item and exchange it or provide you with a refund. after our 30 day return policy, we will assist you in working with the manufacturer to get parts, repair or replacement under the manufacturer's warranty, or you can contact the manufacturer directly. exchange policy if you would like to exchange your brand new product within the 30 day return policy, you can either return the product back to us at your expense, or we can pick up the unit and the cost of return shipping (rated at $0.75 per pound) will be deducted from your refund. you will be charged for the difference between the item returned and the new item in an exchange, and if the item is less expensive, we will provide the credit back to your account once the returned item has been received at our warehouse in good condition. if you require technical support, manufacturer warranty information, product manuals or repair locations, please contact the manufacturer of your product(s) directly, or log into your account and submit a question via our web ticket system. "open box" or refurbished items are not eligible for exchanges. delivery policy normal delivery hours are 8am-7pm monday-friday. any special requests outside of our normal delivery hours will incur an additional fee. we cannot specify or guarantee a delivery date and time frame. at the time of delivery, an adult is required to sign and accept the delivery. all deliveries are fully insured from the day it leaves our warehouse until it reaches your specified location. you must inspect all product(s), check the unit for damage on both the interior and exterior of the carton prior to signing for the delivery. for large products delivered by truck, standard transit times for delivery are 7-14 business days unless otherwise indicated. logistically remote locations may require an additional two weeks for delivery. for large products delivered by truck, if you need a smaller sized truck due to extremely narrow roads, dirt roads, or low clearance, the shipment will be subjected to additional shipping fees. for large products delivered by truck, delivery insurance solely covers damages to merchandise noticed during unboxing and inspection and noted on the freight carrier's bill of lading. neither appliances connection, nor the shipper, shall be held liable for any damages that have not been properly noted and reported-- so make sure you check the item before you sign. if you need to change your delivery address after the order has been picked up by the shipping carrier, a reconsignment fee may be assessed. please note this fee varies depending on the carrier. all damages must be noted on the shipping company's bill of lading and you must refuse delivery for damaged product(s) only, not the entire order. for ups or fedex deliveries, you have 24 hours to report any damages. it is required that you take photos of any damage that you notice as proof. for indoor deliveries, you must make sure your walls and floors are covered. neither appliances connection nor the shipping company will be held responsible for damages to your personal property. our customer service department must be notified within 24 hours of delivery for all damages by submitting a web ticket. please note that if you received installation or removal service free of charge, but the services could not be completed at the time of delivery, no refund will be issued. refunds for services not performed will only be issued if they have been paid for, and will not be credited for more than the amount paid. order cancellation policy you may cancel an order at any time prior to it shipping out at no cost.* if your order already has a tracking number assigned (shipped), and you choose to cancel and/or return, you will be charged an estimated $1.50 per pound from your refund to cover the return shipping fee "special order" or "final sale" products may not be cancelled at any time. if you cancel, return or exchange any part of your order, you will forfeit your package discount and you will be credited less than the amount of the total discount. if your order is set to ship out from a third-party or dropship from a manufacturer/vendor, and a cancellation is requested, cancellation confirmation must be obtained from the vendor for your order to be considered cancelled. cancellation confirmation number must be acquired and acknowledged from the call center verbally. appliances connection reserves the right to cancel orders at anytime. product image and specifications policy the product images on this site are there to give you an idea of how the product looks. you cannot rely solely on the image when placing an order. some images may be there to show a product's features, design, handle style, finish etc. sometimes, the manufacturer does not provide an image for the item, but will provide a similar image or a different color to give you an idea of what the product looks like. you must carefully read the specifications or ask one of our sales associates for any information that you are unclear about-- we're here to help you! if you're ever unsure about something during your buying process, do not hesitate to call us! specifications on our site may not always be correct, as the manufacturer can change the item at any time. we try to be as up-to-date as possible. for total assurance, please check with the manufacturer's website for all dimensions and other specifications before buying to make sure you're completely satisfied with the product. freight forwarding policy appliances connection will not be responsible for damage, defect or loss that occurs to goods after they have been accepted by you or a freight forwarder, including, but not limited to replacement or refund. if the freight arrives damaged, you should refuse the goods and instruct your freight forwarders to do the same, as they become your responsibility once accepted. if you subsequently export the goods, either you or the freight forwarder are considered the exporter and are solely responsible for compliance with all export and import regulations. appliances connection must not be listed on any export documents, and the freight forwarders address should be used. appliances connection will not be responsible for any fees associated with importing, exporting or crossing country lines. *does not include special order items life connects here. facebook instagram twitter pinterest tiktok youtube support my account order status return policy payment options privacy policy store hours frequently asked questions delivery & installation services terms and conditions features wishlist coupon codes specialty pages rewards program progressive leasing special financing closeout sale complete kitchen packages resources trade pro+ advertise with us site map affiliates brands rebates rss kitchen design help multifamily appliances supplier company about us why buy from us ideas & advice blog customer reviews in the news investor relations gsa contract contact us newsletter sign up for exclusive promo codes, giveaways, and new product alerts. special financing available everyday learn more © 2000-2024 appliancesconnection.com life connects here. facebook instagram twitter pinterest tiktok youtube newsletter sign up for exclusive promo codes, giveaways, and new product alerts. my account about us accessibility options trade pro+ investor relations rebate center progressive leasing ideas & advice blog faqs why buy from us in the news privacy policy terms and conditions customer reviews contact us reference #: 1lp3rhm- special financing available everyday click here © 2000-2024 appliancesconnection.com