来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121230192503/http://www.ediets.com/digital-diets/buy-now/index.jsp?planId=195&couponCode=WEEK81216FREE
================================================================================

ediets checkout have questions? call us: 1-800-650-9052 your cart's empty! you can do something about that by going through the free diet profile, which will help you find the right diet plan for you. if you've already decided on the ediets fresh prepared meal delivery service, just visit our walk-through and pick your plan. if you're still having trouble, call us at 1-800-265-6170. 1. billing & shipping 2. confirm order 3. order complete you've selected: order summary subtotal: $0.00 shipping/handling: $0.00 tax: $0.00 grand total: $0.00 have a coupon or promo code? billing information please enter your billing information as shown on your credit card statement. billing address first name: last name: country: united states of america canada address: apt/suite: city: state/province: alabama alaska american samoa arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut delaware district of columbia federated states of micronesia florida georgia guam hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine marshall islands maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri montana nebraska nevada new hampshire new jersey new mexico new york north carolina north dakota northern mariana islands ohio oklahoma oregon palau pennsylvania puerto rico rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virgin islands (u.s.) virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming alberta british columbia manitoba new brunswick newfoundland nova scotia northwest territories ontario prince edward island quebec saskatchewan nunavut yukon zip/postal code: phone number: email address: payment information payment method visa master card american express discover credit card credit card number: security code: whats this? x close expiration date: january february march april may june july august september october november december 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 2034 2035 2036 2037 2038 2039 2040 2041 terms & conditions i accept the terms and conditions x close terms and conditions of use/ service agreement this is our service agreement which also contains billing terms for our basic ediets and ediets meal delivery programs. ediets.com, inc. ("ediets") provides its services to you subject to the terms and conditions contained in this service agreement. if you visit or shop at the ediets websites (including, but not limited to, www.ediets.com, www.efitness.com, www.edietsexpress.com, and www.deliciouslyyours.com) (individually or collectively, the "website"), you accept these terms and conditions. for digital meal and fitness plans, your credit card will be charged for your specified program at the time of registration and will renew automatically based on the billing cycle established at sign up, until you cancel your membership. you may cancel your membership any time by calling 800-265-6170. your membership will be set to cancel at the end of your effective billing cycle or program term. if you are on a monthly program and you cancel your membership before the end of the third 28-day billing cycle, your credit card will be charged a $25.00 early termination fee ("etf"). from time to time, ediets may offer trial memberships for digital plans. terms and conditions of trial memberships are expressly stated during the sign-up process. activation of trial membership requires a valid credit card, which will be billed at the end of the trial unless you cancel first. if you choose the discounted annual program, your regular membership begins immediately. once the free trial period ends, you are subject to the terms and conditions governing the billing cycle you chose. unless otherwise expressly stated, there are no refunds. the ediets guarantee applies to digital meal plans and enables customers to obtain a six (6) month membership at no cost if your weight loss goals have not been achieved in the first six (6) months. however, our guarantee is subject to the following terms and conditions. for the purposes of the ediets guarantee a "month" is defined as one 28 day billing cycle. also, because we've found that members who are actively involved in their online program lose more weight, to qualify for our guarantee, we require you to weigh in at least once a month and post to a community support board at least once a month. this guarantee applies only to new consecutive six month paid memberships in our digital meal plans and does not apply to any of our meal delivery programs. to redeem this guarantee for a qualified free six month membership, you must call member services within 30 days after your first six consecutive paid months are completed. for meal delivery programs, your credit card will be charged for your first shipment of your specified plan when you sign up for the program (the "order submission date") and when you have reached the cutoff date for the next week and every week thereafter, until you choose to discontinue your service. initial orders (week 1) are non-cancellable and non-refundable. the weekly order cutoff time is wednesday at 11:59pm est for orders scheduled to ship the following week. your meals will be automatically shipped to you each week unless you contact us prior to your order's cutoff time. any changes to your order/plan need to be made prior to the cutoff time. to make changes to an upcoming order, or to stop future orders, please call us at 1-877-your-diet (1-877-968-7343) during normal customer service hours. ediets customer service is open from 8am-10pm mon-fri (est) and 10am-8pm sat-sun (est). although ediets makes every reasonable effort to deliver items you've requested for your order, please note that product availability may change without notice. ediets reserves the right to substitute a similar item in your order. these programs are available in the continental usa only. first week of food free after 7 paid orders, 2nd week of food free after 10 paid orders, 3rd week of food free after 13 paid orders. the free week of meals offer received is a one-time offer and cannot be combined with other offers. if you enter an alternate promotion code on the billing page at purchase that code will take precedence and invalidate the free week. this offer cannot be renewed, transferred or applied to existing ediets meal delivery accounts. offer good on new orders only. if you cancel your shipments prior to accepting your fourth weekly meal delivery, your payment method will be charged for the amount of any discount received, including free shipping. the information presented on this website is in no way intended as medical advice or as a substitute for medical treatment. this information should only be used in conjunction with the guidance and care of your physician. consult your physician before beginning any diet, nutrition, or fitness plan offered through the website. your physician should allow for proper follow-up visits and individualize your diet, nutrition, or fitness plan as appropriate. nothing stated or presented on the website is intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider if you have any questions regarding a medical condition, your diet, nutritional supplements, an exercise regimen, or any other matter related to your health and well-being. if you are pregnant or have an eating disorder, you agree not to participate in an ediets digital or meal delivery program. if you are a nursing mother, or an individual with food allergies or intolerances, you agree not to participate in an ediets meal delivery program. if you fit into one of these categories and have already joined a program, please contact us immediately so that your program may be terminated. if you are a nursing mother, or an individual with food allergies or intolerances, you agree to participate in an ediets digital meal program only with the express consent of your physician. our meal delivery program is not intended to meet the needs of individuals living with diabetes. if you are an individual living with diabetes, you agree to participate in a meal delivery program only with the express consent of your physician. if you do not agree to be bound by all of these terms and conditions, please do not use or access this website. ediets reserves the right to refuse or cancel your membership due to certain medical conditions, including those listed above. we also reserve the right to cancel your membership should you violate any provision of these terms and conditions, or any other posted policy on the website. the contents of this website, including the text, graphics, images, and information obtained from ediets's third-party content providers, sponsors, suppliers, and licensors (collectively "providers"), and any other materials are to be used for informational purposes only. parental or guardian permission. you must be 18 years or older to purchase any product or service offered on or through the website. some of the content on the website may not be appropriate for children. children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use this website. we strongly recommend that children between the ages of 13 and 18 ask for their parent's or guardian's permission before viewing the website. our meal delivery programs are not designed for children under the age of 18, and some of the content on the website may not be appropriate for children. privacy. please review our privacy policy, which also governs your visit to the website, to understand our privacy practices. communications. when you visit the website or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications (including legal notices) from us electronically. we will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the website. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. ediets may also deliver communications to you electronically. in addition, ediets may deliver communications (including legal notices) to you at the street address provided in your ediets membership account. finally, ediets may deliver communications to you by any means set forth in any other ediets policy or notice published on the website. license and site access. ediets grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of the website and you may not download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, without the express written consent of ediets. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of the website or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of the website or its contents; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. the website or any portion thereof may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of ediets. you may not frame or utilize any framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of ediets without our express written consent. you may not use any metatags or any other hidden text utilizing ediets's name or trademarks without the express written consent of ediets. any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by ediets. you are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of the website so long as the link does not portray ediets, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner. you may not use any ediets logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. your membership account. if you use the website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. ediets and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion. memberships are non-transferable. you agree to (a) maintain all equipment necessary for your access to and use of the website; (b) maintain the security of your user identification, password, personal information (as defined in our website privacy policy), and any other confidential information relating to your ediets account; (c) take responsibility for all charges resulting from use of your ediets account, including unauthorized use prior to your notifying ediets of such unauthorized use and taking the legal steps to prevent its further occurrence by contacting us to change your password; and (d) update your personal information (as defined in our website privacy policy), including email address, as appropriate. contacting ediets you may contact us by email to help@ediets.com (provide your first and last name and user name; we will not open your email if it contains an attachment); by mail to ediets.com, inc., 1000 corporate drive, suite 600, fort lauderdale, fl, 33334 attn: member services (provide your first and last name, user name, and email address); or by phone to our member services department at (800) 265-6170. disclaimers and limitation of liability. users of the website (individually and collectively, "user") expressly agree that use of the website is at user's sole risk. neither ediets, nor its employees or providers, warrant that the website will be uninterrupted or error-free; nor do they warrant or make any representation regarding the use of the information provided on the website or the results that may be obtained from the use of the information provided on the website, or as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information, content, service, or merchandise provided through the website. ediets does not endorse, recommend, or sponsor and is not affiliated with any individuals or entities listed or linked to on the website unless that fact is expressly stated. the listing of any individual or entity does not constitute a medical referral of any kind. users are advised to exercise their own further informed review, judgment, and evaluation in the selection of any and all medical professionals and health information. the website is provided by ediets on an "as is" and "as available" basis. ediets makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the website or the information, content, materials, products or individuals included or listed on the website. to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, ediets disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. under no circumstances shall ediets or providers be liable to you or any third-party for any indirect, consequential, incidental, special or punitive damages, including, but not limited to, lost profits and business interruption, whether in contract or in tort, including negligence, arising in any way from any product or service sold or provided on the website or the use of the information or the results of the use of the information provided on the website, even if ediets is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. in no event shall ediets's liability exceed the price you paid for a product or service that is the subject of the claim. no oral advice or written information given by ediets, providers or the like, shall create a warranty; nor shall user rely on any such information or advice. under no circumstances shall ediets or any other party involved in creating, producing, or distributing the website be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use the website, including but not limited to the results from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to the website's records, programs, or services. user acknowledges that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise, and services available through the website. in those states that do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law. third-party content. the website contains information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, audio and other material (collectively "content"). regarding the content supplied by users or parties other than ediets, ediets is a distributor and not a publisher. ediets has no more editorial control over such third-party or user content than does a public library or newsstand. any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitutes part of content expressed or made available by third parties and not by ediets are those of the respective authors or distributors and not of ediets. neither ediets nor any third party, including any provider, or any user of the website, guarantees the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any content, nor its merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. in many instances, the content available through the website represents the opinions and judgments of the respective provider or user not under contract with ediets.com. ediets neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made on the website by anyone other than authorized ediets employees. under no circumstances shall ediets be liable for any loss, damage or harm caused by a user's reliance on information obtained through the website. it is the responsibility of a user to evaluate the information, opinion, advice or other content available through the website. online conduct. user agrees to use the website only for lawful purposes. user is prohibited from posting on or transmitting through the website any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation. if ediets is notified of allegedly infringing, defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive content provided by user, ediets may investigate the allegation and determine in its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such content from the website. ediets may disclose any content or electronic communication of any kind: (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the website; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of ediets, its users or providers. ediets reserves the right to prohibit conduct, communication, or content that it deems in its sole discretion to be harmful to individual users, the website, or any rights of ediets or any third party, or to violate any applicable law. notwithstanding the foregoing, neither ediets nor its providers can ensure prompt removal of questionable content after online posting. accordingly, neither ediets, nor providers shall assume liability for any action or inaction with respect to conduct, communication, or content on the website. links to other sites. the website may reference or link to third-party sites throughout the world wide web. ediets has no control over these third-party sites or the content within them. ediets cannot and does not guarantee, represent or warrant that the content contained in these third-party sites is accurate, legal, or inoffensive. ediets does not endorse the content of any third-party site, nor do we warrant that they will not contain viruses or otherwise impact your computer. ediets does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, services, and content of all these and any other third parties. if you choose to link to or use a third-party website, you should carefully review such third party's privacy statement and other terms and conditions of use. by using the website to search for or link to another third-party site, you agree and understand that you may not make any claim against ediets for any damages or losses, whatsoever, resulting from your use of the website to obtain search results or to link to another site. copyrights. © ediets.com, inc. 1996- . all rights reserved. all materials and contents contained in the website (including but not limited to the text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations and software), and the website itself, are copyrighted materials belonging exclusively to ediets or its content suppliers and are protected by united states and international copyright law. ediets enforces its copyright interests to the fullest extent permitted under the law, and shall seek civil and criminal remedies where appropriate, including the remedies provided for under sections 501 et seq. of title 17 of the u.s. code. all rights are reserved. trademarks. ediets, ediets.com, and dietsmart, and the related logos and other marks indicated on our website are the exclusive property and trademarks of ediets.com, inc. ediets reserves all rights, including all rights applicable under the u.s. and international trademark laws, including, without limitation section 1125 of title 15 of the u.s. code (lanham act sec. 43). all other trademarks not owned by ediets that appear on this website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by ediets. indemnity. you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold ediets and providers harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these terms and conditions. applicable law. the website is created and controlled by ediets in the state of florida. as such, the laws of the state of florida will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. ediets reserves the right to make changes to its website and these disclaimers, terms and conditions at any time. user hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents to submit to the jurisdiction of the state of florida for any litigation arising out of or relating to use of or purchase made through the website (and agrees not to commence any litigation relating thereto except in such courts), waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such litigation in the florida courts and agrees not to plead or claim in any florida court that such litigation brought therein has been brought in an inconvenient forum. miscellaneous terms. in any action against us arising from the use of this website, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover all legal expenses incurred in connection with the action, including but not limited to its costs, both taxable and non-taxable, and reasonable attorney's fees. ediets reserves the right to make changes to the website, these policies, and these terms and conditions at any time, effective immediately upon the posting on this website. please check these terms and conditions periodically. in addition, these terms & conditions may be modified only by our posting of changes to these terms & conditions on this website, or by signed, written agreement of both parties. each time you access this website, you will be deemed to have accepted any such changes. if any of these terms and conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that term or condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining terms and conditions. these terms & conditions are the entire agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter herein. we may assign our rights and obligations under these terms & conditions. these terms & conditions will inure to the benefit of our successors, assigns, and licensees. the failure of either party to insist upon or enforce the strict performance of the other party with respect to any provision of these terms & conditions, or to exercise any right under the terms & conditions, will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of such party's right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in that or any other instance; rather, the same will be and remain in full force and effect. unsolicited idea submission policy ediets.com, inc. ("ediets.com"), and/or any of its employees, do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new advertising campaigns, new promotions, new or improved products or technologies, product enhancements, processes, materials, marketing plans or new product names. please do not send any original creative artwork, suggestions, or other works. the sole purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes when ediets.com's products or marketing strategies might seem similar to ideas submitted to ediets.com. so, please do not send your unsolicited ideas to ediets.com or anyone at ediets.com. if, despite our request that you not send us your ideas, you still send them, then regardless of what your letter, fax, or e-mail says, the following terms shall apply to your idea submission. terms of idea submission you agree that: (1) your ideas will automatically become the property of ediets.com, without compensation to you, and (2) ediets.com can use the ideas for any purpose and in any way, even give them to others. product and/or service feedback ediets.com does, however, welcome your feedback regarding many areas of ediets.com's existing business. if you want to send us your feedback, and we hope you do, we simply request that you send us an email to feedback@ediets.com. please provide only specific feedback on ediets.com's existing products or marketing strategies; do not include any ideas that ediets.com's policy will not permit it to accept or consider. it's just one more way that ediets.com can learn how to best satisfy your needs. feedback and information any feedback you provide at this site shall be deemed to be non-confidential. ediets.com shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis. your credit card will not be charged at this time. shop with confidence 100% secure guarantee security guarantee the security of your private information is important to ediets.com. when you enter private information such as a credit card number and/or billing information on our registration forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl). ssl delivers a secure way for you to interact with ediets.com over the internet. this web site can secure your private information using a verisign ssl certificate. information exchanged with any address beginning with https is encrypted using ssl before transmission. ediets.com is also enrolled in trustwave's trustkeeper� remote compliance program to validate compliance with the payment card industry (pci) data security standard supported by all the major credit card associations including: american express, diners club, discover, jcb, mastercard international, visa international and visa usa. ediets.com has performed the required procedures to validate compliance with the pci data security standard. ediets.com protects credit card and order information in accordance with payment card industry best practices. ediets.com values your privacy. all information is kept 100% secure.