来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111229034418/http://www.cosstores.com/Things/52460.1
================================================================================

things close sign out are you sure you'd like to sign out? sign out shipping to: united kingdom 0 items (total €0) my bag checkout my account sign in home store women men children fashion campaign women men looks things magazine spaces belgium denmark france germany united kingdom back to the top back to the top back to the top things christmas recipes from our friends hang op with prunes (hung up with prunes) from maurice scheltens & liesbeth abbenes ingredients: 2 lt. yoghurt 250 ml fresh whipped cream 3 fresh vanilla sticks 1 orange 1/4 lt. red wine 250 grams welled prunes without pits 2 tea spoons vanilla sugar 1/2 teaspoon speculaas spices (in holland it’s called 'speculaas kruiden' it’s a mix of cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, coriander, pimento, mace, cardamom) hang op (hung up): 1. use a clean dishcloth and put it in a pan. put the yoghurt in it. 2. take the four corner points of the dishcloth and bind them together with kitchen rope so it becomes a shape like a water drop. 3. hang it and let the water from the yoghurt leak out for approximately half a day so it becomes a thick mass. 4. make the fresh whipped cream and mix it with the yoghurt. take out the vanilla from the sticks and mix it with the mass. prunes: 1. wash the orange, grate the peel and press the orange. 2. put the red wine, the orange juice, orange peels, the prunes, the vanilla sugar and the speculaas spices and let it cook for about 20 minutes till it’s a thick sauce covering the prunes. 3. let it cool down. serve the hang op with the prunes on the side apple and walnut chutney from sam walton, spring ingredients: 700ml malt vinegar 350g light brown sugar 700g cooking apples, peeled, cored and roughly chopped 350g onions, chopped 175g raisins 25g ground ginger 2 tsp yellow mustard seeds 2 tsp mild curry powder 20g salt 1 tsp cayenne pepper 100g walnut pieces 1. put the vinegar and sugar into a large pan and bring to the boil. add all the ingredients but the walnuts. 2. bring back to the boil. cook, stirring more regularly as it thickens, until it is reduced and thick – it will thicken further as it chills. 3. spoon into warm sterilised jars and seal. it will keep for up to a year. 4. this should provide about 4 jars of chutney, good gifts. åstunger (norwegian cookies) from marius w hansen norwegian cookies by my great-grandmother åste wergeland - direct translation: åst'kids ingredients: 150g white sugar 150g butter 150g plain flour 5 egg whites juice of half a lemon currants almonds 1. preheat oven to 150/160 degrees. 2. mix butter and sugar, until stiff. 3. stir in the flour. 4. stir in the lemon juice. 5. whip the egg whites and then stir them in with the rest 6. place teaspoon portions of dough on the baking sheet and then sprinkle over a mixture of slightly crushed almonds and currants. 7. bake the åstunger in the oven for about 10 minutes. yule log from present & correct yule will need: 1 x chocolate swiss roll (or you could make your own). 100g icing sugar (plus extra for decorating) 200ml double cream 150g plain chocolate vanilla essence 1. take the swiss roll out of the packet and cut around a quarter from it, on the diagonal. 2. to make the icing. pour the cream into a pan and bring to a gentle boil then remove from heat. 3. break up your chocolate and stir into the hot cream until fully melted. add a nice teaspoon of vanilla. 4. beat in the icing sugar 5. chill. you and the icing. 6. once the icing is firmer you can use it to attach the smaller piece of 'log' onto the main trunk. spread onto the flat end and attach to the top of the trunk at a jaunty angle. 7. now spread the rest of the icing over the log. 8. use a fork to make a pretty wood like pattern on the ends and around the log. 9. sprinkle with icing sugar to look like snow. adorn with a bit of holly or a robin. preferably not a real one. 10. eat. chestnut and shiitake mushroom filo parcels with madeira sauce from it's nice that preparation time: 20 minutes cooking time: 45 minutes total time: 1 hour 5 minutes serves: 4 ingredients: 25g dried porcini mushrooms 1 small leek, cut in half lengthways and thinly sliced ½ pack fresh flat leaf parsley 25g butter with crushed garlic 125g organic chestnut mushrooms, thickly sliced 125g white cup mushrooms, halved ½ x 150g pack shiitake mushrooms, cut into quarters ½ x 250g pack microwave basmati rice 3-4 tbsp madeira or dry sherry 1 tbsp soya sauce ½ x 130g pack le roulé cheese 8 sheets fresh filo pastry 25g butter, melted 250ml crème fraîche 1. preheat the oven to 200°c, gas mark 6. place the dried mushrooms in a bowl, cover with 150ml boiling water and leave for 15-20 minutes. 2. wash the leek and dry with kitchen paper. finely chop the parsley. melt the butter in a pan and gently fry the leek and fresh mushrooms for 6-7 minutes until they begin to soften. 3. strain the dried mushrooms, squeezing out and reserving the liquor. add to the pan with the rice, half the madeira and the soy sauce and simmer for 3-4 minutes. remove from the heat and stir in the cheese and parsley. season generously and allow to cool slightly. 4. brush 1 sheet of filo with butter then place another sheet on top. trim to a 20cm square, reserving the excess pastry. brush the edges with butter, then place a quarter of the filling in the centre, shape to form a square, then fold the pastry to seal and turn over. trim the excess pastry into 3 x 4cm strips and fold in half lengthways. wrap 2 strips around the pastry squares, tucking under to form a parcel. make a 'bow' with the last strip. repeat to make 4 parcels. place on a greased baking sheet, then brush with the remaining melted butter and bake for 25-30 minutes until crisp and golden. 5. meanwhile, bring 100ml of the mushroom liquor to the boil, remove from the heat and stir in the crème fraîche with the remaining madeira. season, then serve with the filo parcels. 6. freeze the reserved mushroom liquor too, then defrost on christmas eve to make the madeira sauce. cook's tips: prepare up to the end of step 4, but don't cook. wrap the parcels in greaseproof paper or clingfilm, then freeze. bake from frozen in a preheated oven for 35-40 minutes at 200°c, gas mark share facebook twitter email henrietta dubrey paintings by henrietta dubrey www.henriettadubrey.eu share facebook twitter email hüttenpalast hüttenpalast hotel in berlin, germany www.huettenpalast.com photography by jan brockhaus see more minimize share facebook twitter email eric cahan a selection of photographs from sky series selected works 2011 by eric cahan www.ericcahan.com pacific heights, san francisco, ca. sunrise 6:35am terrace, montauk ny. sunset 7:44pm see more venetian causeway, fl. sunset 6:54pm main beach, east hampton ny. sunrise 6:31am stevens cove, block island. sunset 7:41 pm gouvneur beach, st. barts. sunrise 6:34am montauk point, ny.sunset 8:41pm punta cana dominican repulic.sunrise 6:58am flying point beach, southampton, ny.sunset 7:51pm hilther hills, ny. sunrise 6:52am minimize share facebook twitter email sarah frost fine art using found objects by sarah frost www.sarahfrost.info see more minimize share facebook twitter email brikolor furniture design by brikolör www.brikolor.com see more minimize share facebook twitter email cos supports frame at frieze art fair 2011 cos supports 'frame' at frieze art fair and to celebrate this, we commissioned a film by director simon elephant. we have also asked artists exhibiting at frame, a few questions… www.friezeartfair.com what does art mean to you? aki sasamoto: spending disproportionate amount of thinking into life circumstances of my own and friends. channa horwitz: truth, search, beauty. nicolas robbio: art is thought. paul johnson: to me it means something precious. to be able to think fluidly throughout the day and have the space to turn these thoughts into something means a lot to me. see more what would you have done if you weren't an artist? andra ursuta: i would have never left my home town in romania and would probably be a housewife. aki sasamoto: a personal tutor with an angular spectacle frame, overly passionate. or a business woman in finance, obsessed with armani suits. channa horwitz: i would have thought about what i would do if i was an artist. i would have run around in my head with questions and no means of answering those questions. nicolas robbio: i cannot imagine being another thing. i can imagine myself doing other activities. because being an artist is not determined for what you do, but how you do think. silvina geddes: art for me is an analogical way of thinking. it's a kind of language, in which one can generate systems (spacial, closed, open, contradictory, efficient, expansive, etc.) to communicate something that would otherwise be impossible. paul johnson: i think i would have ended up being that crazy guy at the southbound entrance of the blackwall tunnel shouting and waving at everyone. who is your favourite author? aki sasamoto: rene thom, jorge borges, and yoko tawada. silvina geddes: hélio oiticica. kilian rüthemann: arthur miller. what is your morning routine? aki sasamoto: pace around the house to soul music while making cappuccino. kilian rüthemann: fruits and cream. what keeps you awake at night? andra ursuta: i worry about everything - especially the past. somehow it seems a lot more menacing than the future. aki sasamoto: chronic insomnia and loneliness. ximena garrido-lecca: the unnecessary but inevitable worries of life. what is your motto? andra ursuta: ”when in rome, do as the romanians do.” silvina geddes: my motto is not to have a particular motto, or if i have one, make it a momentary one, rotate it, look at it from other motto’s perspective. i am not interested in, for example the manifesto works...i don´t like thinking about them from that point of view. i'm usually quite careful to this aspect : not place my work or my way of thinking from a closed trigger phrase. sometimes a phrase or a way of thinking can be applied very well to a form or a moment, but once the road is flattened, i need to move from that safe place, and to be able to work and keep thinking about what i leave outside, in what surrounds that personal status quo. ximena garrido-lecca: no hay mal que por bien no venga (there is no bad that doesn't bring any good with it). minimize share facebook twitter email cos supports frame at frieze art fair 2011 cos supports 'frame' at frieze art fair and to celebrate this, we asked some art students to create installations in some of our windows… www.friezeartfair.com emma critchley (the royal college of art, london) for cos london regent street www.emmacritchley.com see more robert verch (bauhaus university, weimar) for cos frankfurt www.robert-ver.ch julia schewalie (academy of fine art, munich) for cos munich george petrou, (the royal college of art, london) for cos london westfield white city george.petrou@network.rca.ac.uk olga goloshchapova (academy of fine art, munich) for cos munich evgeunia jokhova (the royal college of art, london) for cos london stratford www.evyjokhova.co.uk minimize share facebook twitter email back to the top back to the top stores careers press about customer service subscribe online help +44 (0) 844 249 20 79 cos