来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231175619/https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud.html?promoid=KLXMJ
================================================================================

adobe creative cloud | software and services for creative professionals for the complete experience, please enable javascript in your browser. thank you! products how to buy learn & support about adobe creative cloud photoshop illustrator indesign premiere pro after effects lightroom see all see plans for: businesses photographers students document cloud acrobat dc sign stock elements marketing cloud analytics audience manager campaign experience manager media optimizer target see all adobe for enterprise acrobat reader dc adobe flash player adobe air adobe shockwave player all products creative cloud individuals photographers students and teachers business schools and universities creative cloud marketing cloud document cloud stock elements all products get support find answers quickly. contact us if you need to. start now > learn the apps get started or learn new ways to work. learn now > ask the community post questions and get answers from experts. start now > adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. our creative, marketing and document solutions empower everyone — from emerging artists to global brands — to bring digital creations to life and deliver them to the right person at the right moment for the best results. about us newsroom careers at adobe privacy security corporate responsibility customer showcase investor relations events contact us adobe creative cloud learn & support students business photography free trial choose a plan make it. creative cloud. designer. photographer. filmmaker. dreamer. no matter who you are, creative cloud gives you the world’s best creative apps so you can make just about anything you want, wherever inspiration takes you. watch the overview video see what’s new get the entire collection of creative apps and more for loading.../mo choose a plan there’s something for everybody. individuals get the complete collection of creative apps and more for just loading.../mo. buy now › photographers includes photoshop cc plus lightroom for desktop, mobile, and web for loading.../mo. learn more | buy now › students and teachers save up to 60% with special education pricing. just loading.../mo. learn more | buy now › businesses industry-leading creative apps with simple license management and easy deployment. starting at  loading.../mo. learn more | buy now › enterprise customized provisioning and deployment, plus enterprise-level support. learn more › schools and universities flexible licensing and desktop deployment starting at us$14.99/mo. learn more | buy now › government industry-standard technology. enterprise support. secure deployments. learn more › go from blank page to brilliant. creative cloud gives you the entire collection of adobe desktop and mobile apps, from essentials like photoshop to innovative new tools like adobe xd. you also get built-in templates to jump-start your designs and step-by-step tutorials to help you get up to speed quickly and sharpen your skills. it′s your entire creative world, all in one place. desktop apps        tutorials       mobile apps         adobe stock        creative assets        inspiration desktop icons. make anything you can imagine with the world′s best creative desktop apps. edit photos and videos. design graphics and publications. create websites, ux designs, and animations. new photoshop and illustrator templates make it easy to jump right in. and one-click updates give you our latest innovations and new features as soon as they’re ready. photoshop image editing and compositing lightroom digital photo processing and editing illustrator vector graphics and illustration adobe premiere pro video production and editing indesign page design and layout experience design design and prototyping user experiences see all desktop apps › more learning. less learning curve. creative cloud comes with hundreds of step-by-step tutorials, so you can get up and running fast. new templates inside photoshop and illustrator make it easy to design posters, magazines, mobile apps, and more. whether you′re a beginner or a creative pro, we′ve got you covered. see creative cloud tutorials › take an idea and run with it. with adobe mobile apps, you can work wherever you′re inspired. sketch and draw. edit photos. create layouts. make videos. everything′s connected, so you can start a project on your phone, refine it on your tablet, and finish it up on your desktop. capture cc create production-ready assets photoshop sketch expressive drawing illustrator draw vector drawing anywhere comp cc create design comps premiere clip video editing on the go lightroom for mobile edit, organize, and share images anywhere see all mobile apps › start from stock. not from scratch. adobe stock gives you more than 60 million images, graphics, videos, 3d assets, and our premium collection built into your favorite apps. with templates for web, print, mobile, and more, you can skip the setup and dive right in to your designs. learn more about adobe stock › all your creative assets. always at your fingertips. with creative cloud libraries, you have quick access to the fonts, colors, graphics, adobe stock images, and other creative assets you use most. all your assets stay up to date across your desktop and mobile devices. you can even share libraries with team members to keep your designs consistent and everyone on the same page. learn more about creative cloud libraries › get inspired. get discovered. explore the latest work by top designers and artists from around the world on behance, the world’s largest creative community. get exposure for your own work by creating an adobe portfolio website. both services are free with your creative cloud membership. explore behance ›   build your portfolio › questions? we have answers. make it. creative cloud. keep up with the latest news and insights on our blog. december 16, 2016 ask an uxpert: what’s the best design advice you received in 2016 it was a big year for design. with the industry growing and changing at such a rapid pace, we thought it would be fitting to ask a few uxperts about what they learned this year. what shifted their thinking, left an impact on them as a designer, or made them think about their work in a new way? read more december 15, 2016 thursday trend watch: ‘tis the season ho ho ho! embrace the holiday season with adobe stock's curated gallery. read more december 15, 2016 the right tools will speed your content production the world today demands content at an increasing rate. learn to produce more creative assets with the people, budget, and time you already have, by employing the right tools. read more share video: top questions more what's included in my creative cloud membership? what's included in my creative cloud membership? depending on which plan you choose, your membership includes access to one or more adobe creative desktop applications, ongoing updates and upgrades when they become available, cloud storage and file syncing capabilities, and more. visit the creative cloud overview page to learn more. do i need to be online to access my desktop apps? do i need to be online to access my desktop apps? no, the desktop applications in creative cloud, such as photoshop and illustrator, are installed directly on your computer, so you don't need an ongoing internet connection to use them. an internet connection is required the first time you install and license your apps, but you can use the apps in offline mode with a valid software license. the desktop apps will attempt to validate your software licenses every 30 days. for annual members, you can use the apps for up to 99 days in offline mode. month-to-month members can use the software for up to 30 days in offline mode. am i required to store my files in the cloud? am i required to store my files in the cloud? no, your files remain on your local hard drive. you can also choose to take advantage of the ability to synchronize your local files with your creative cloud storage. even if you choose to sync your files to creative cloud, you will retain a local copy of your files. can i use the software i download from creative cloud on multiple computers? can i use the software i download from creative cloud on multiple computers? yes, you can install and activate creative cloud desktop applications on two computers, regardless of operating system, for use by the individual associated with the membership. see the product license agreements page for more information. what happens to my files in the cloud if i cancel or downgrade my membership? what happens to my files in the cloud if i cancel or downgrade my membership? your cc files are stored on your desktop as well as on the cc servers. if you cancel or downgrade your paid membership, you will still have access to all of the files in the creative cloud folder on your computer and via the creative cloud website. your account will be downgraded to a free membership, which includes 2gb of storage. if you're using more than 2gb of storage, you will not be able to sync files until the amount of online disk space used in your account drops below your allotted amount. if you are over your quota, you have 90 days to reduce your online usage or you may lose access to some or all of your files through the creative cloud website, although you'll still have the files on your desktop. can i purchase a single desktop application membership, such as photoshop? can i purchase a single desktop application membership, such as photoshop? yes, we offer a single-app membership for most of our products. this plan gives you access to one desktop app of your choice, plus updates and upgrades the moment they are released, 20gb of online storage, a customized online portfolio on your own url with behance prosite, and integration with behance. you also get access to the new creative cloud desktop app so you can keep track of your creative world in a single activity stream, and the ability to sync your settings, fonts, and colors (in select apps, with more to come soon). find out more on the creative cloud plans page. can i prepay for my creative cloud membership? can i prepay for my creative cloud membership? yes, you can prepay for one year for a creative cloud complete individual membership or a student and teacher edition by purchasing on adobe.com. this gives you the same price as purchasing an annual plan, but you pay up front instead of monthly. your credit card will automatically be charged for each subsequent year on the anniversary date of your membership. you cannot prepay for a creative cloud for teams membership. you can also prepay for one year of membership when you purchase through a retailer or etailer. this gives you the same price as purchasing an annual plan directly from adobe, but you pay up front instead of monthly. in which countries can i purchase a creative cloud membership? in which countries can i purchase a creative cloud membership? view the latest list of countries where creative cloud is available for individuals, teams, and small businesses. basicsbasics basics get up and running with these great tutorials. start now › ask the communityask the community ask the community post, discuss, and be a part of our community. join now › customer carecustomer care customer care we're here to help. get support › share this video: get all the apps creative cloud all apps includes photoshop, illustrator, indesign, and more. loading.../mo buy now add adobe stock › creative cloud for teams, all apps includes our entire collection of creative apps and business services. loading.../mo per user buy now add adobe stock › purchase by phone: 800-585-0774 change region products downloads learn & support company copyright © 2016 adobe systems incorporated. all rights reserved. privacy terms of use cookies adchoices choose your region selecting a region changes the language and/or content on adobe.com. americas brasil canada - english canada - français latinoamérica méxico united states europe, middle east and africa africa - english belgië - nederlands belgique - français belgium - english česká republika cyprus - english danmark deutschland eesti españa france greece - english hrvatska ireland israel - english italia latvija lietuva luxembourg - deutsch luxembourg - english luxembourg - français magyarország malta - english middle east and north africa - english moyen-orient et afrique du nord - français nederland norge österreich polska portugal românia schweiz slovenija slovensko srbija suisse suomi sverige svizzera türkiye united kingdom българия россия україна الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا - اللغة العربية ישראל - עברית asia pacific australia hong kong s.a.r. of china india - english new zealand southeast asia (includes indonesia, malaysia, philippines, singapore, thailand, and vietnam) - english 中国 中國香港特別行政區 台灣 日本 한국 commonwealth of independent states includes armenia, azerbaijan, belarus, georgia, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, moldova, tajikistan, turkmenistan, ukraine, uzbekistan