来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231235236/https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/features.html?promoid=952G4W6H&mv=other
================================================================================

latest creative cloud version | adobe creative cloud features adobe creativity & design creative cloud plans what is creative cloud? creative apps and services for everyone photographers lightroom, photoshop, and more students & teachers save over 60% on creative cloud small & medium business creative apps and services for teams enterprise solutions for large organizations schools & universities simple administration and licensing view all plans & pricing featured products photoshop image editing and design lightroom cc the cloud-based photo service illustrator vector graphics and illustration premiere pro video editing and production xd user experience design and prototyping adobe stock images, templates, and videos view all products marketing & commerce products and solutions what is experience cloud? digital experience solutions view all products everything in experience cloud adobe experience platform foundation for experiences experience league guided customer success use cases addressing your challenges it resources information for it leaders services & support consulting, training, and customer care featured products advertising cloud cross-channel advertising platform analytics real-time web analytics audience manager audience profile management campaign campaign management and delivery experience manager content management solution magento commerce cloud modern commerce platform marketo engagement platform lead management and b2b marketing pdf & e-signatures overview what is adobe document cloud? all-digital document workflows solutions smb and enterprise solutions integrations extend your business systems resources security, compliance, it tools trust center secure service operations learn & support tutorials, guides, community forums featured products acrobat dc the complete pdf solution reader dc view, sign, and annotate pdfs adobe sign the world’s top e-sign solution pdf pack online pdf tools export pdf convert pdfs to word or excel mobile document cloud mobile apps view all plans & pricing business solutions enterprise digital transformation and experiences small & medium business solutions for teams of any size insights thought leadership for enterprise adobe sensei ai and machine learning industries solutions for any industry digital learning solutions create and deliver elearning experiences privacy, trust & gdpr our policies and processes customer showcase featured customer stories services & support consulting, training, and customer care partners get help or become a partner adobe exchange find apps, extensions, and integration support help center troubleshooting and how-tos community forums ask the community contact adobe we’re here to help enterprise support dedicated help for large organizations download & install get started now contact us sign in adobe creative cloud adobe creative cloud what's new learn & support all products free trial choose a plan what’s new in creative cloud. our latest innovations are here. new apps. new features. new ways to create. it’s all included with your membership. highlights photography design web ux/ui video more adobe premiere rush cc online video creation and sharing — from anywhere introducing premiere rush, a brand-new app that makes shooting, editing, and sharing online videos fast and easy. and you can do it all anywhere, from your mobile devices to your desktop. start for free adobe xd cc voice prototyping and responsive resize now you can interact with your prototypes using voice triggers and speech playback. and save time with responsive resize, which makes it easy to resize designs for different screens. download adobe photoshop cc more control with content-aware fill photoshop is now even more intuitive, with new features that give you more control over your design. check out the reimagined content-aware fill, new framing tool, symmetry mode, and more. download adobe photoshop lightroom cc for people who love photography edit, organize, store, and share your photos from anywhere with lightroom cc. create presets that automatically sync across your devices, auto-edit with one click, and stylize your photos with split toning and curve effects. download adobe illustrator cc smoother workflow, faster work save time by editing objects across all your artboards simultaneously with global edit. create natural photorealistic color gradation with the freeform gradient tool. and preview thousands of fonts from right inside your project. download adobe motion graphics enhanced motion graphics capabilities drag and drop spreadsheets into new data-driven motion graphics templates to quickly generate visualizations in adobe premiere pro cc, preserve the integrity of keyframes with responsive design-time in adobe after effects cc, and more. learn more adobe color tools precise, simple color grading take the guesswork out of curve adjustments with innovative lumetri color tools in premiere pro and after effects. easily accentuate color ranges, tone them down, or add multiple lumetri effects for exactly the right look. learn more adobe animation tools more life in your animations turn any piece of art into an animated character with new characterizer in adobe character animator cc. and make animations livelier with the new magnets feature, mesh sculpting tools in after effects, and lots more. learn more adobe indesign cc automatic resizing for images, text, and graphics content-aware fit now automatically resizes images to fit your frame using the power of adobe sensei. with adjust layout, you can  automatically reformat your layout when the page size changes. download adobe audio tools more dynamic audio tools optimize your audio tracks with automatic dereverb and denoise effects in premiere pro. plus, with its new, upgraded engine, adobe audition cc can now play up to 128 audio tracks or record up to 32 tracks — no expensive hardware needed. learn more adobe stock new search features and better content find the perfect asset faster with search powered by adobe sensei. filter results by color, composition, copy space, and more — plus get exclusive new content from partners like gopro. learn more adobe stock contributor panel adobe portfolio to showcase your work get free access to an adobe portfolio page, and share your work faster with tools for automated keywords and categories. learn more adobe fonts unlimited fonts at your fingertips adobe fonts now gives you our complete library of fonts with any creative cloud plan. choose from thousands of options right on your desktop — already licensed and ready to go. learn more adobe photoshop cc photoshop on ipad, coming in 2019 create with layers, brushes, and other photoshop tools from anywhere. it’s real photoshop and it’s coming to devices, starting with the ipad. learn more project gemini bold new strokes in drawing and painting get a sneak peek at project gemini, a new drawing and painting app for pen and touch devices. learn more adobe video tools fresh features and our newest app get the latest adobe video and audio editing apps with new features powered by adobe sensei to speed up your workflows. and discover premiere rush, the all-new, cross-device app for creating and sharing online videos anywhere. learn more adobe photoshop lightroom cc sync presets and profiles get the look you want wherever you are with just one click. now you can access all your lightroom cc presets and profiles — including custom and third-party presets — across desktop, mobile, and web. download project aero augmented reality, now more of a reality introducing project aero, a powerful new augmented reality (ar) authoring tool and system that will make it easier for creatives to design immersive content. learn more adobe video tools dynamic color improvements powerful new features make everything from fixing color to making images pop easier than ever. the latest updates include one-click color grade matching, side-by-side shot comparisons, and more. learn more adobe video tools better ways to get graphic put text and images into motion faster with an improved graphics workflow in premiere pro, new master properties in after effects, and updates to the essential graphics panel. learn more adobe video tools easier ways to mix awesome audio new features deliver differences you can see and hear, including auto-ducking in premiere pro, which turns down music when other audio is detected, plus improved sequence integration and a cleaner tracks panel in audition. learn more adobe photoshop lightroom cc for people who love photography edit, organize, store, and share your photos from anywhere with lightroom cc. create presets that automatically sync across your devices, auto-edit with one click, and stylize your photos with split toning and curve effects. download adobe photoshop lightroom cc sync presets and profiles get the look you want wherever you are with just one click. now you can access all your lightroom cc presets and profiles — including custom and third-party presets — across desktop, mobile, and web. download adobe photoshop lightroom classic cc performance and masking improvements with lightroom classic (formerly lightroom cc), you can import photos, generate previews, and move from library mode to develop mode faster than ever. use range masking tools to easily make color- and tone-based selections for local adjustments. download adobe photoshop lightroom cc / photoshop cc creative cloud photography plan lightroom cc delivers powerful editing with a streamlined interface, worry-free backup, auto-search, effortless organization, and fun ways to share across all your devices. photoshop cc offers faster performance, brush enhancements, and more. learn more image source: annie griffiths creative cloud photography plan photography for good national geographic photographer annie griffiths founded ripple effect images to share the stories of women in the developing world. now adobe has partnered with ripple to inspire other photographers to tell stories that matter. learn more adobe photoshop cc more control with content-aware fill photoshop is now even more intuitive, with new features that give you more control over your design. check out the reimagined content-aware fill, new framing tool, symmetry mode, and more. download adobe illustrator cc smoother workflow, faster work save time by editing objects across all your artboards simultaneously with global edit. create natural photorealistic color gradation with the freeform gradients tool. and preview thousands of fonts from right inside your project. download adobe animation tools more life in your animations transform any piece of art into an animated character with new characterizer. and make animations livelier with the new magnets feature, mesh sculpting tools, and more. learn more adobe indesign cc automatic resizing for images, text, and graphics content-aware fit now automatically resizes images to fit your frame using the power of adobe sensei. with adjust layout, you can  automatically reformat your layout when the page size changes. download adobe stock new search features and better content find the perfect asset faster with search powered by adobe sensei. filter results by color, composition, copy space, and more — plus get exclusive new content from partners like gopro. learn more adobe stock contributor panel adobe portfolio to showcase your work get free access to an adobe portfolio page and share your work faster with tools for automated keywords and categories. learn more adobe fonts unlimited fonts at your fingertips adobe fonts now gives you our complete library of fonts with any creative cloud plan. choose from thousands of options right on your desktop — already licensed and ready to go. learn more adobe photoshop cc photoshop on ipad, coming in 2019 create with layers, brushes, and other photoshop tools from anywhere. it’s real photoshop and it’s coming to devices, starting with the ipad. learn more project gemini bold new strokes in drawing and painting get a sneak peek at project gemini, a new drawing and painting app for pen and touch devices. learn more adobe xd cc voice prototyping and responsive resize now you can interact with your prototypes using voice triggers and speech playback. and save time with responsive resize, which makes it easy to resize designs for different screens. download adobe xd cc fast ux design and prototyping design, prototype, and share interactive user experiences in minutes with adobe xd, the all-in-one solution for designing websites, mobile apps, and more. download adobe premiere rush cc online video creation and sharing — from anywhere introducing premiere rush, a brand-new app that makes shooting, editing, and sharing online videos fast and easy. and you can do it all anywhere, from your mobile devices to your desktop. start for free adobe motion graphics enhanced motion graphics capabilities drag and drop spreadsheets into new data-driven motion graphics templates to quickly generate visualizations in adobe premiere pro cc, preserve the integrity of keyframes with responsive design-time in adobe after effects cc, and more. learn more adobe color tools precise, simple color grading take the guesswork out of curve adjustments with innovative lumetri color tools in premiere pro and after effects. easily accentuate color ranges, tone them down, or add multiple lumetri effects for exactly the right look. learn more adobe animation tools more life in your animations turn any piece of art into an animated character with new characterizer in adobe character animator cc. and make animations livelier with the new magnets feature, mesh sculpting tools in after effects, and lots more. learn more adobe audio tools more dynamic audio tools optimize your audio tracks with automatic dereverb and denoise effects in premiere pro. plus, with its new, upgraded engine, adobe audition cc can now play up to 128 audio tracks or record up to 32 tracks — no expensive hardware needed. learn more adobe vr tools 180 and 360/vr effects and transitions create amazing content fast with tools for 180 and 360/vr effects and transitions in after effects and auto-aware vr detection in premiere pro. learn more adobe video tools dynamic color improvements powerful new features make everything from fixing color to making images pop easier than ever. the latest updates include one-click color grade matching, side-by-side shot comparisons, and more. learn more adobe video tools better ways to get graphic put text and images into motion faster with an improved graphics workflow in premiere pro, new master properties in after effects, and updates to the essential graphics panel. learn more adobe video tools easier ways to mix awesome audio new features deliver differences you can see and hear, including auto-ducking in premiere pro, which turns down music when other audio is detected, plus improved sequence integration and a cleaner tracks panel in audition. learn more find the plan that’s right for you. creative cloud all apps get the entire collection of creative apps and more for us$52.99/mo. business industry-leading creative apps with simple license management and easy deployment. starting at us$33.99/mo. learn more › lightroom cc plan includes lightroom cc and 1tb of cloud storage. us$9.99/mo. learn more › | buy now › students and teachers save over 60% on the entire collection of creative cloud apps. just us$19.99/mo. learn more › choose a plan share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: share this video: purchase by phone: 800-585-0774 products creative cloud experience cloud document cloud elements 2019 family special offers view all products blogs & community adobe blog adobe i/o create magazine behance 99u cmo.com view all support help center community forums contact adobe enterprise support download & install adobe about newsroom corporate responsibility investor relations supply chain trust center events careers diversity & inclusion adobe acrobat reader dc adobe flash player adobe air adobe shockwave player change region copyright © 2019 adobe. all rights reserved. privacy terms of use cookies adchoices choose your region selecting a region changes the language and/or content on adobe.com. americas brasil canada - english canada - français latinoamérica méxico united states europe, middle east and africa africa - english belgië - nederlands belgique - français belgium - english česká republika cis - english cyprus - english danmark deutschland eesti españa france greece - english ireland israel - english italia latvija lietuva luxembourg - deutsch luxembourg - english luxembourg - français magyarország malta - english middle east and north africa - english nederland norge österreich polska portugal românia schweiz slovenija slovensko suisse suomi sverige svizzera türkiye united kingdom българия россия снг – русский україна الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا - اللغة العربية ישראל - עברית asia pacific australia hong kong s.a.r. of china india - english new zealand southeast asia (includes indonesia, malaysia, philippines, singapore, thailand, and vietnam) - english 中国 中國香港特別行政區 台灣地區 日本 한국