来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121101024457/http://www.beautylish.com/privacy
================================================================================

privacy policy | beautylish products videos talk articles people login join now boutiques products browse brands browse products makeup fragrances skincare hair nails bath & body videos browse videos tutorials looks face hair eyes lips nails photos browse photos looks hair eyes lips nails talk browse talk makeup hair nails skincare makeup artists beauty storage advice, tips & tricks general introduce yourself articles browse articles stories news products style wellness tips & tricks celebrity community privacy policy last updated on march 15, 2012 we know that you care about your personal information. this privacy statement ("statement") describes the personal information we collect through our websites (the "site"), and how we collect and use it. the terms "we", "us", and "beautylish" refer to beautylish inc.. this privacy policy is part of the terms of use, which governs your use of the site and is located here. information we collect and how we use it account information. we ask for and store information about you when you create an account on the site, such as your name and email address. you can also import your account information from a third party to make the beautylish registration process easier. we use your name to create your account name (first name and last initial). we use your email address to send you updates, provide services to you in connection with the site, and to contact you on behalf of other users sending you messages, user follows, and the like. we may also use your signup location, birth date, and gender (if you supply them) to display relevant advertising to you. you can change your account information here or by accessing the user account section of our site. public content. you can contribute to the site in a number of different ways, including writing reviews, uploading videos and photos, participating in talk threads, tagging products, filling out your public profile, and voting on other users' contributions. we may store these contributions (your "public content"), display them to other users, and use them for promotional purposes. note that if you include personally identifiable information in your public content, it can be used and viewed by others. we are not responsible for the information you choose to include in your public content. messaging. the site allows you to exchange messages with others using the messaging feature and email. we may store these messages in order to deliver them and allow you to manage them. inviting friends. you can invite your friends to join the site by providing their contact information, or by entering your log-in credentials to import your address book from other sites. we may store and use your friends' contact information to invite them to join and connect with you on the site. your friends will always have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving further emails from us. third party services. we allow you to access third party services, such as facebook and twitter, to share your selected public content with those services, and import information about who you are connected with on those other services so you can connect with them on the site. you can always opt out on your beautylish account page. some of those third party services may also provide us with information from your accounts there to enhance and personalize your use of this site. for example, you can allow facebook to tell us who your facebook friends are so you can follow their activity on beautylish. you can also further modify your privacy settings with those other services directly. for example, you can adjust your privacy setting on facebook here to prevent your facebook friends from sharing information about you from their facebook accounts with beautylish. activity and log data. we automatically store information related to your use of the site, such as the pages you view on the site, your browser type, ip address, requested url, browser language, referring url, and the date and time of your visits. we use this type of information to administer the site and provide the better service to you. we also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site or to manage or improve the site. cookies. we send cookies to your computer in order to uniquely identify your browser and improve the quality of our service. "cookies" refer to small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's hard drive while you are viewing the site. we may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). persistent cookies can be removed by following your browser help file directions. if you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the site may not work properly or at all. our cookies are linked to your information, such as your name, email address and password. we enable some of our business partners to use cookies in conjunction with your use of the site. we have no access to or control over the use of these cookies. these cookies collect information about your use of the site, such as where you came from, which pages you visited within the site, and possibly other sites you visit if those sites cooperate with the same third party, but do not collect your name, email address, contact information or other personally identifiable information that by itself would allow the third party to identify or contact you. feedback. you should feel free to give us feedback, register a complaint, or ask questions about the site. we may store your communications, including any personal information you include in them, so that we can effectively respond to you. administration. we may use the information described above for routine administrative purposes, such as investigating abuses on the site, responding to user inquiries and enforcing and applying our terms of service and statement. data storage. we store data in the united states. transfer of information public content. if you post content for public view on the site, we may distribute such public content to a wider audience by sharing it (or portions of it) with third parties so that they can publish it on their own websites and media platforms. we may ask them to credit you as the source of these contributions by including your account name and profile photo. third party service providers. we may use third parties to provide technical and customer support, perform tracking and reporting functions, conduct quality assurance testing, perform payment processing and provide other services in connection with the site. we may share information about you with them so that they can perform the services they are required to perform, but they are not permitted to use your personal information other than to provide the services requested by you. third party advertising. third parties serve some of the ads on the site. we do not send any individualized personal information to them, but they may have access to information that they obtain through cookies or that you share with them yourself. note that we do not rent, share, sell or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. aggregate information. we may share non-personal information in the aggregate to third parties relating to user behavior in connection with actual or prospective business relationship with those third parties, such as advertisers and content distributors. for example, we may disclose the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, advertising banners. business transfers. we may share your information with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control that we may have now or in the future, in which case we will require them to honor this statement. if another company acquires our company or all or substantially all of our assets, that company will possess your information, and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this statement. investigations. we reserve the right to investigate abuses on the site, and enforce and apply our terms of service and statement. we may disclose information about you to third parties if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our terms of service and statement; (c) comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public. managing your information we provide a number of tools to manage the use of your information on the site. for an overview, click here. you may receive weekly newsletter communications from us. however, despite any requests to close your account or your indicated email preferences, we may still need to contact you as required by law or on legal matters, for example to inform you of any updates to our terms of service or this statement. links the site may contain links to third party websites with which we have no affiliation. except as set forth herein, we do not share your personal information with those third parties, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. we suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites. our policy towards children the site is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children under 13. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. if you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at privacy@beautylish.com. if we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account. security we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. dispute resolution if you believe that beautylish has not adhered to this statement you may write to the beautylish privacy office at the following address: beautylish inc. attn: privacy officer 660 4th street #300 san francisco, ca 94107 united states of america or contact us via email at privacy@beautylish.com modifications to this statement we may revise this statement from time to time. the most current version of the statement will govern our use of your information and will always be located here. if we make a change to this statement that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change on the site and/or via the email associated with your account. by continuing to access or use the services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised statement. follow us get the beautylish newsletter to hear about exclusive events, new products, expert tips and more! about beautylish community etiquette review guidelines press our events jobs contact us popular brands occ shu uemura tarte thebalm popular brands illamasqua inglot cosmetics mac nars smashbox sugarpill cosmetics too faced urban decay follow beautylish iphone | android facebook twitter tumblr pinterest rss terms of service privacy policy copyright policy © 2012 beautylish, inc. all rights reserved. login not a member yet? join now! email password or login i forgot my password join beautylish connect to get started. learn more. sign in with facebook sign in with twitter connecting helps us make signing up quick and easy. we'll never post without your permission. i don't have a facebook or twitter account. loading... prev next