来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131230171605/http://www.beautylish.com/help
================================================================================

beautylish help | beautylish login join wish list your cart (0) get $10 off your first purchase of $50+ today! ≡ beautylish get $10 off your first purchase of $50+ today! beautylish what's new! brands back brand boutiques: anastasia anna sui armour beauty beautyblender beautysoclean billy b beauty bliss cult nails dita von teese embryolisse evian ilia indie lee inglot cosmetics kevyn aucoin korres lit cosmetics parian spirit paw palette rgb rms beauty strangebeautiful sugarpill cosmetics too faced wayne goss z•palette makeup back makeup brows cheeks eyes face glitter lashes lips primer palettes & sets makeup brushes best sellers: nails back nails nail color nail effects base coat top coat nail care best sellers: skincare back skincare eye treatments facial cleanser facial treatments lip care moisturizer toners and mists bath and body fragrance best sellers: tools & brushes back brushes makeup brushes brush sets brush cleaner tools blending sponges tweezers & brow tools sharpeners eyelash curlers customizable palettes vanity and storage best sellers: community back reviews makeup fragrances skincare hair nails bath and body tools & brushes brands back talk beauty makeup hair nails skincare makeup artists & professionals back videos tutorials looks face hair eyes lips nails photos back photos looks hair eyes lips nails most popular most recent editorial back editorial from the shop stories news products style wellness tips & tricks community special features special features the lipstick reviews building your kit outfit with kit from the shop diy tutorials halloween makeup ideas products videos talk articles people ✕ beautylish help placing online orders payment methods returns & exchanges your account & profile community customer care placing online orders cart shipping shipping address shipping & packagings payment information & credits order confirmation email cart you can order quickly and easily through the beautylish website and iphone app. please note, beautylish does not carry or sell all the products shown on our website. we only currently sell items through our boutiques, which can be found at shop -- a collection of the brands we think you'll love. the other products listed on our site are for social purposes so that you can read reviews and find looks or videos that contain those products. to add items to your cart, simply click on add to cart of the item you wish to buy. to remove an item, click the link under the item name labeled "remove" - your cart will automatically recalculate so you can see your new total. to change the quantity of items, change the number in the box under the "qty" column - your cart will automatically recalculate, indicating both the unit price and the total price of the quantity added. at this time, we only accept and deliver orders within the united states. you must be at least 13 years of age with a valid credit card to make an online purchase. shipping beautylish offers free shipping on all orders $35 and over (excluding discounts or sales tax). for shipments totaling less than $35, there is a delivery charge of $5.00. orders over $35 always ship for free—no promotion code needed. select items must be shipped fedex ground due to shipping restrictions. this will be indicated within the item description. orders placed before 7pm pst m-f ship the same day with 2-3 day shipping or faster. shipping address make sure to provide precise city, state, and zip code information. remember to spell out the city to which you are shipping the order. many times abbreviations, misspellings, and other typos can result in errors in this section. your shipping address must be in the united states. shipping & packaging products are wrapped in paper and delivered in a durable cardboard box. if you're sending a gift, be sure to contact us at contact@beautylish.com. this will ensure that your order is processed appropriately. prices are not included in the packing slip for your order. payment information & credits if you have an online store credit with beautylish, it will be automatically used towards your order as the first payment method. the remaining balance can be paid for by credit card or affirm. online store credits cannot be used towards shipping charges. you can store multiple credit cards to use for your beautylish purchase. select one credit card for the payment of your order. order confirmation email immediately after you have successfully placed your order with beautylish, you will receive an email that contains information regarding the details of your order. the order confirmation e-mail is your receipt that can be printed for your records. the order confirmation email includes your order number (the same number that appeared on our web site after successful submission of an order), the details of the products and corresponding prices, any online credits and/or promotions, and your ship-to and bill-to information. if you have successfully charged a beautylish order to affirm, you will receive a confirmation text message and email from affirm. if this is your first charge to affirm, you must respond to the text message to verify your phone number. keep in mind you can only cancel your order while it is in the “submitted” stage. once your order is in the “processing” or “shipped” stage(s), we cannot cancel or modify your order. you can always check your order status by clicking on your order history. after signing in, you can obtain the status of all orders placed. payment methods credit cards debit cards pay with affirm online store credit checks & money orders fraud protection credit cards we currently accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover cards. when your credit card is authorized, funds are put on hold until the transaction is completed. when the order is shipped, the payment is processed. your billing address information must be exactly as it appears on your credit card statement. if any numbers are different, the order cannot be processed. contact your financial institution if you need the exact billing address associated with your credit card. we regret that we cannot accept prepaid credit cards at this time. for your security, beautylish requires you to enter your 3- or 4-digit card identification security codes (cvv). see below for help with credit card identification numbers. visa/mc/discover card customers: your security code/cvv (card identification number) is in the signature area on the back of the card (it is the last 3 digits after the credit card account number). visa/mc/discover customer cvvs are 3 digits. american express customers: your security code/cvv (card identification number) is a 4-digit number on the front of the card, above the embossed (raised) credit card account number. american express customer cvvs are 4 digits. debit cards the amount of your order is held on your debit card and the debit card owner does not have access to these funds until the hold is taken off. holds usually last 3 - 5 business days and may vary with your financial institution. holds are usually taken off within 3 - 5 business days. policies differ from bank to bank. call your financial institution for more details. we regret to inform we cannot accept prepaid debit cards at this time. pay with affirm affirm lets you check out in just a few quick steps, no credit card needed and no fees. affirm requires just your name, phone number and birthdate to verify your charge. just pay affirm back within 30 days with a credit or debit card, bank transfer or check. it’s fast, convenient and secure. visit affirm for more details. if you need any help from affirm, please email help@affirm.com. online store credit online store credits are automatically applied to your beautylish order as the first method of payment. beautylish does give a $10 online store credit to all new members which expires 48 hours from when you first join beautylish. there are no codes to remember or numbers to type. online store credit is not redeemable or exchangeable for cash and cannot be used towards shipping charges. online store credits will populate back to your beautylish account in the event of a return or cancelled order. checks & money orders beautylish does not accept personal checks or money orders as a form of payment for online orders. fraud protection all payment forms are subject to verification and review by beautylish. beautylish reserves the right to refuse to process any transaction, sale, or shipment of orders due to suspected fraud or unauthorized or illegal activity. your account & profile forgotten password profile settings editing profile forgotten password if you’ve forgotten your password, you can reset your password at the forgot password page. just enter the email address you used to sign up for beautylish and we'll send you an email containing instructions to reset your password. profile settings you can update your name, e-mail address and password by going to your settings, found in the drop-down menu under your name. * note - these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to the app shortly. editing profile you can update your beautylish profile as well as link/unlink/edit your facebook, twitter and youtube accounts by going to edit profile, found in the drop-down menu under your name. * note - these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to the app shortly. returns & exchanges returns exchanges returns if you are less than completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return your order within 90 days (from the order date) for a full refund. we regret that we are unable to cover return shipping costs or refund the original shipping charges unless the return was due to our error. if you would like to return an order: contact us to receive return instructions and address ship us the returned item(s) with the original packaging, including any associated free products or gifts along with the returned order. once we have received your package, your refund will be issued in the original payment method within 7 business days. any store credits used will populate back to your account immediately. exchanges we are unable to offer exchanges, but we are glad to assist you in returning your order and completing a new order for the new item(s) you want. if you would like to exchange your item(s): contact us to receive return instructions and address. ship us the returned item(s) with the original packaging, including any associated free products or gifts along with the returned order. once we have received your package, we will process a store credit to your profile which will appear on your account immediately. community photos reviews videos photos notifications & recent action talk photos you can manage your photos by going to your photos, found in the drop-down menu under your name. on this page you can upload, edit and delete photos. you can also see how many views, likes, and comments your photos have received. please refrain from uploading other people’s work. we want to be see your most creative and inspiring beauty-related photos! don’t be afraid to get imaginative and have fun! for a chance to be featured, make sure to upload clear, high resolution photos that show off the details of your work. and don’t forget to categorize by photo type, and tag your photos with the products you used to create your look. (note - these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to the app shortly.) for more tips on taking awesome photos, check out the links below: photography tips for a beautiful shot framing the perfect beauty shot lighting tips to make your makeup shine inexpensive tutorial lighting tips beginner’s guide to finding your perfect camera reviews beautylish reviews provide members with an insightful account experience with a particular product. to view or post a review of a product simply use the search tool in the upper left hand corner of the home page or visit the our reviews page. useful reviews sometimes include the product application, color, and texture; comparisons to similar products; and the value of the product. the same product often works differently for every person, so be sure to include any personal characteristics that might have affected your experience. for more information visit our review guidelines if there is a product you would like to review but cannot find it on beautylish, suggest it! you can do so by visiting our product suggestion form. you can manage, edit and share your reviews by going to “your reviews”, found in the drop-down menu under your name. (note - these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to the app shortly.) videos you can manage your videos by going to “your videos”, found in the drop-down menu under your name or at this link: /photos/manage. on this page you can upload videos, link a youtube channel and also see how many views, likes, and comments your videos have received. there are two ways to add videos to your beautylish account - via the beautylish website directly or by linking your youtube channel. to upload a video from your computer go to “my videos”, found in the drop-down menu under your name or by visiting upload videos. to link your youtube channel, make sure you are signed into your youtube account. click on the “link your youtube account and choose videos.” button on the “manage videos” screen. you will then have the ability to link your beauty related videos directly from youtube. for a chance to be featured, make sure to upload clear, high resolution videos that show off the details of your work. and don’t forget to tag your photos with the products you used to create your look. for more tips on creating awesome videos, check out the links below: best video recording locations audio tips for video tutorials inexpensive tutorial lighting tips finding your confidence on camera how to talk to your audience get over recording jitters 4 quick tips to improving your videos how to find inspiration for your videos * note - these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to the app shortly. notifications & recent action beautylish is a social environment. you have the ability to “follow” other members, and other members have the ability to interact with you. to “follow” someone, simply click on the gray heart on their profile picture - it will then turn green and show you are now following them. you now have the ability to see their actions on the beautylish page such as reviews, pictures, photos they like, and topics of discussion they are involved in or have posted. you can view all of these actions through your notifications & recent actions. you can locate this on the beautylish homepage in the right hand panel as well as by visiting your notifications, found in the drop-down menu under your name. your notifications will show you every interaction with your page where as recent actions will show you what the people you have followed are up to. to see your notifications via the app, click on “settings” followed by “your notifications”. to view all of your followers, simply visit your profile and scroll down and click on the link that says “see all of your followers”. you can view an entire list of all of your followers there. talk beautylish talk a great place to interact with the beautylish community and staff experts while learning and talking openly about everything beauty related. to view new and popular topics or to start a new conversation, simply visit talk. to start a new conversation, click on the green button that says “start a new conversation”. select a category, a topic and add a blurb about your topic under “message”. you can also upload a photo if you choose. from the app, simply hit the tab that says “talk” and the [+] sign on the bottom of your device screen. select a category, a topic and add a blurb about your topic under “message”. you can also upload a photo if you choose. please keep the topics relevant to their categories and be mindful that your same topic may have already been posted. you can search for relevant topics by visiting www.beautylish.com and using the top search function. use the pulldown menu on the white search bar to and scroll down to “talk”. everything relevant to your topic will then populate - so join in on the conversation! you can also view conversations relevant to your topic or interest by clicking on the categories listed below: there are a total of 11 categories which include: beauty: discuss the newest trends in the beauty community. ask experts and members general beauty-related questions. makeup: share your work and looks with others. discuss your favorite products. share tutorials for looks you’ve mastered! hair: show off your newest hair cut, style, or color. ask experts and members for tutorials on how to create certain styles. nails: everyone loves nail art! show off your favorite polishes, colors, and designs. style: fashion and beauty go hand in hand. ask experts and members for beauty recommendations to go with your outfit or share your complete look before a night out. style: from juice recipes for brighter skin to new exercise moves to supplement recommendations this is the place to post about beauty from the inside out. makeup artists & professionals: network and talk with others in the industry in this area reserved for pros. makeup storage & organizatio: share organizing tips and learn how to streamline your beauty collection. intros & promotion: introduce yourself and share your profile, youtube channel, or blog. off-topic (non-beauty): if you can’t find a place for your topic, put it here. we encourage you to get involved with the beautylish community but ask that you follow our forum etiquette which is just a way to make sure the forums stay fun and active with no negativity. you can view the full forum etiquette at the forum etiquette page. we have a zero tolerance policy for uncivil behavior. our moderators work hard to ensure beautylish remains a fun, positive environment and we also encourage you to let us know if you ever see something that doesn’t look right. you can either click the “flag” button which will immediately report it to our moderators*, or you can email us directly at help@beautylish.com * note - these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to the app shortly. customer care order information customer service beauty advice order information you can view information regarding your order on the web via your order history found in the drop-down menu under your name or by referencing your email confirmation. if you still have questions, do not hesitate to contact us at help@beautylish.com. customer service beautylish’s customer service is ready to assist you. feel free to contact us via email at service@beautylish.com. beauty advice beautylish’s team of makeup artists and beauty experts are here to help. if you need assistance in anything from color matching to your perfect skin care regimen, we’re here to help. you may email us at help@beautylish.com for a consultation or find us on livechat 11am-8pm pst via our shops page at www.beautylish.com/shop. shop beautylish order history view / redeem credit customer care ordering & shipping returns & exchanges help beautylish boutiques inglot lit cosmetics parian spirit rms beauty sugarpill cosmetics too faced z•palette follow beautylish iphone | android facebook google+ twitter tumblr pinterest rss about beautylish community etiquette review guidelines press jobs contact us terms of service privacy policy copyright policy © 2013 beautylish, inc. all rights reserved. » back products videos talk articles people ✕ login join wish list your cart (0) shop what's new! brands» back brand boutiques: anastasia anna sui armour beauty beautyblender beautysoclean billy b beauty bliss cult nails dita von teese embryolisse evian ilia indie lee inglot cosmetics kevyn aucoin korres lit cosmetics parian spirit paw palette rgb rms beauty strangebeautiful sugarpill cosmetics too faced wayne goss z•palette makeup» back makeup brows cheeks eyes face glitter lashes lips primer palettes & sets makeup brushes nails» back nails nail color nail effects base coat top coat nail care skincare» back skincare eye treatments facial cleanser facial treatments lip care moisturizer toners and mists bath and body fragrance tools & brushes» back brushes makeup brushes brush sets brush cleaner tools blending sponges tweezers & brow tools sharpeners eyelash curlers customizable palettes vanity and storage editorial articles» back from the shop stories news products style wellness tips & tricks community special features special features» back the lipstick reviews building your kit outfit with kit tutorials» back from the shop diy tutorials halloween makeup ideas community reviews» back reviews makeup fragrances skincare hair nails bath and body tools & brushes brands videos» back videos tutorials looks face hair eyes lips nails talk» back talk beauty makeup hair nails skincare makeup artists & professionals photos» back photos looks hair eyes lips nails most popular most recent loading... prev next