来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141227222454/http://www.beautylish.com/help
================================================================================

beautylish help | beautylish login join ship to: australia canada france germany hong kong ireland netherlands new zealand singapore united kingdom united states your bag (0) your bag view bag checkout get $10 off your first purchase of $50 today! ≡ beautylish get $10 off your first purchase of $50 today! beautylish new arrivals brands back brand boutiques: alphabet bags anastasia anna sui armour beauty beautyblender beautysoclean benjabelle billy b bliss by terry charlotte tilbury chikuhodo cover fx cult nails dita von teese ellis faas embryolisse eve lom evian glamglow ilia indie lee inglot cosmetics kevyn aucoin kjaer weis koh gen do korres lit cosmetics lucas' papaw remedies nudestix obsessive compulsive cosmetics omorovicza parian spirit paw palette rcma makeup rgb rms beauty sachajuan st. tropez sugarpill cosmetics the brush guard too faced tweezerman wayne goss z•palette makeup back makeup brows cheeks eyes face glitter lashes lips primer palettes & sets makeup brushes best sellers: nails back nails nail color nail effects base coat top coat nail care best sellers: bath & body back bath & body cleansers scrubs & exfoliants treatments sun & tanning hair styling hair treatment conditioner shampoo brushes & combs fragrance best sellers: skincare back skincare eye treatments facial cleanser facial treatments lip care moisturizer toners and mists best sellers: tools & brushes back brushes makeup brushes brush sets brush cleaner tools blending sponges tweezers & brow tools sharpeners eyelash curlers customizable palettes vanity and storage best sellers: community back photos looks hair eyes lips nails most popular most recent back reviews makeup fragrances skincare hair nails bath and body tools & brushes brands back talk beauty makeup hair nails skincare makeup artists & professionals back videos tutorials looks face hair eyes lips nails editorial back editorial from the shop stories news products style wellness tips & tricks community special features special features the lipstick reviews building your kit halloween makeup ideas from the shop diy tutorials shop reviews videos talk articles people ✕ beautylish help placing online orders shipping payment methods returns & exchanges your account & profile community customer care placing online orders shopping bag payment information & credits pre-orders order confirmation email shopping bag you can order quickly and easily through the beautylish website and iphone app. please note, beautylish does not carry or sell all the products shown on our website. we only currently sell items through our boutiques, which can be found at shop -- a collection of the brands we think you'll love. the other products listed on our site are for social purposes so that you can read reviews and find looks or videos that contain those products. to add items to your shopping bag, simply click on add to bag of the item you wish to buy. to remove an item, click the link under the item name labeled "remove" - your shopping bag will automatically recalculate so you can see your new total. to change the quantity of items, change the number in the box under the "qty" column - your shopping bag will automatically recalculate, indicating both the unit price and the total price of the quantity added. at this time, we only accept and deliver orders to the following countries: australia canada france germany hong kong ireland netherlands new zealand singapore united kingdom united states you must be at least 13 years of age with a valid credit card to make an online purchase. payment information & shop credits if you have a shop credit with beautylish, it will be automatically used towards your order as the first payment method. the remaining balance can be paid for by credit card or affirm. shop credits cannot be used towards shipping charges. you can store multiple credit cards to use for your beautylish purchase. select one credit card for the payment of your order. pre-orders from time to time beautylish will offer access to special items for pre-order before launch. pre-orders differ from regular orders in the following ways: your credit card will be charged immediately to secure your item. pre-orders are not eligible for promotions (including the new customer discount). pre-orders ship on the date and via the method indicated on your order confirmation. should the expected ship date change, we will notify you via email. if you have any questions about pre-orders please contact us at help@beautylish.com. order confirmation email immediately after you have successfully placed your order with beautylish, you will receive an email that contains information regarding the details of your order. the order confirmation e-mail is your receipt that can be printed for your records. the order confirmation email includes your order number (the same number that appeared on our web site after successful submission of an order), the details of the products and corresponding prices, any online credits and/or promotions, and your ship-to and bill-to information. if you have successfully charged a beautylish order to affirm, you will receive a confirmation text message and email from affirm. keep in mind you can only cancel your order while it is in the “submitted” stage. once your order is in the “processing” or “shipped” stage(s), we cannot cancel or modify your order. you can always check your order status by clicking on your order history. after signing in, you can obtain the status of all orders placed. shipping shipping information - delivery to the u.s. shipping address shipping & packaging shipping information - delivery to united states beautylish offers free shipping throughout the u.s. on all orders $35 and up. (after any applicable discounts are applied.) for all other orders, we offer $5 flat rate shipping. orders ship via fedex. orders placed before 6:30pm pst m–f ship the same day, with 2 day shipping or faster. shipping rates order total shipping charge orders less than $35* $5 orders $35 and up* free *excluding taxes and shipping fees. we are currently unable to ship to u.s. territories or to p.o. boxes or apo/fpo addresses. shipping address make sure to provide accurate city, state/province, and zip/postal code information. remember to spell out the city to which you’re shipping the order. many times abbreviations, misspellings, and other typos can result in errors in this section. after your order ships, delivery times may vary, according to the location of your shipping address. business days are monday–friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. shipping & packaging products are wrapped in paper and delivered in a durable cardboard box. email help@beautylish.com if you have any questions about when your order will arrive. payment methods credit cards debit cards pay with affirm shop credit checks & money orders fraud protection credit cards we currently accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, diners club, and jcb cards. when your credit card is authorized, funds are put on hold until the transaction is completed. when the order is shipped, the payment is processed. your billing address information must be exactly as it appears on your credit card statement. if any numbers are different, the order cannot be processed. contact your financial institution if you need the exact billing address associated with your credit card. we regret that we cannot accept prepaid credit cards at this time. for your security, beautylish requires you to enter your 3- or 4-digit card identification security codes (cvv). see below for help with credit card identification numbers. visa/mc/discover card customers: your security code/cvv (card identification number) is in the signature area on the back of the card (it is the last 3 digits after the credit card account number). visa/mc/discover customer cvvs are 3 digits. american express customers: your security code/cvv (card identification number) is a 4-digit number on the front of the card, above the embossed (raised) credit card account number. american express customer cvvs are 4 digits. debit cards the amount of your order is held on your debit card and the debit card owner does not have access to these funds until the hold is taken off. holds usually last 3 - 5 business days and may vary with your financial institution. holds are usually taken off within 3 - 5 business days. policies differ from bank to bank. call your financial institution for more details. we regret to inform we cannot accept prepaid debit cards at this time. pay with affirm (united states customers only) affirm offers financing options that let you check out with no credit card required. to approve your charge, they verify your identity using your mobile phone number and birthday. affirm will give you payment instructions and due dates when you check out. for more details, visit affirm. if you need any help from affirm, please email help@affirm.com. shop credit shop credits are automatically applied to your beautylish order as the first method of payment. shop credit is not redeemable or exchangeable for cash and cannot be used towards shipping charges. shop credits will be returned to your beautylish account in the event of a return or cancelled order. checks & money orders beautylish does not accept personal checks or money orders as a form of payment for online orders. fraud protection all payment forms are subject to verification and review by beautylish. beautylish reserves the right to refuse to process any transaction, sale, or shipment of orders due to suspected fraud or unauthorized or illegal activity. your account & profile forgotten password profile settings editing profile forgotten password if you’ve forgotten your password, you can reset your password at the forgot password page. just enter the email address you used to sign up for beautylish and we'll send you an email containing instructions to reset your password. profile settings you can update your name, e-mail address and password by going to your settings, found in the drop-down menu under your name. * note - these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to the app shortly. editing profile you can update your beautylish profile as well as link/unlink/edit your facebook, twitter and youtube accounts by going to edit profile, found in the drop-down menu under your name. * note - these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to the app shortly. returns & exchanges returns exchanges returns if you are less than completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return your order within 30 days (from the delivery date) for a full refund. we regret that we are unable to cover return shipping costs or refund the original shipping charges unless the return was due to our error. if you would like to return an order: contact us to receive return instructions and address ship us the returned item(s) with the original packaging, including any associated free products or gifts along with the returned order. once we have received your package, your refund plus any duties or taxes will be issued in the original payment method within 7 business days. any store credits used will populate back to your account immediately. exchanges we are unable to offer exchanges, but we are glad to assist you in returning your order and completing a new order for the new item(s) you want. if you would like to exchange your item(s): contact us to receive return instructions and address. ship us the returned item(s) with the original packaging, including any associated free products or gifts along with the returned order. once we have received your package, we will process a store credit to your profile which will appear on your account immediately. community photos reviews videos photos notifications & recent action talk photos you can manage your photos by going to your photos, found in the drop-down menu under your name. on this page you can upload, edit and delete photos. you can also see how many views, likes, and comments your photos have received. please refrain from uploading other people’s work. we want to be see your most creative and inspiring beauty-related photos! don’t be afraid to get imaginative and have fun! for a chance to be featured, make sure to upload clear, high resolution photos that show off the details of your work. and don’t forget to categorize by photo type, and tag your photos with the products you used to create your look. (note - these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to the app shortly.) for more tips on taking awesome photos, check out the links below: photography tips for a beautiful shot framing the perfect beauty shot lighting tips to make your makeup shine inexpensive tutorial lighting tips beginner’s guide to finding your perfect camera reviews beautylish reviews provide members with an insightful account experience with a particular product. to view or post a review of a product simply use the search tool in the upper left hand corner of the home page or visit the our reviews page. useful reviews sometimes include the product application, color, and texture; comparisons to similar products; and the value of the product. the same product often works differently for every person, so be sure to include any personal characteristics that might have affected your experience. for more information visit our review guidelines if there is a product you would like to review but cannot find it on beautylish, suggest it! you can do so by visiting our product suggestion form. you can manage, edit and share your reviews by going to “your reviews”, found in the drop-down menu under your name. (note - these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to the app shortly.) videos you can manage your videos by going to “your videos”, found in the drop-down menu under your name or at this link: http://www.beautylish.com/videos/manage. on this page you can link a youtube channel, import videos, and also see how many views, likes, and comments your videos have received. these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we're hoping to add this feature to the ios and android apps soon. linking your youtube channel to link your youtube channel, make sure you are signed into your youtube account. click on the “link your youtube account and choose videos.” button on the “your videos” page. you will then have the ability to link your beauty related videos directly from youtube. tips for video creators for a chance to be featured, make sure to upload clear, high resolution videos that show off the details of your work. and don’t forget to tag your photos with the products you used to create your look. for more tips on creating awesome videos, check out the links below: best video recording locations audio tips for video tutorials inexpensive tutorial lighting tips finding your confidence on camera how to talk to your audience get over recording jitters 4 quick tips to improving your videos how to find inspiration for your videos notifications & recent action beautylish is a social environment. you have the ability to “follow” other members, and other members have the ability to interact with you. to “follow” someone, simply click on the gray heart on their profile picture - it will then turn green and show you are now following them. you now have the ability to see their actions on the beautylish page such as reviews, pictures, photos they like, and topics of discussion they are involved in or have posted. you can view all of these actions through your notifications & recent actions. you can locate this on the beautylish homepage in the right hand panel as well as by visiting your notifications, found in the drop-down menu under your name. your notifications will show you every interaction with your page where as recent actions will show you what the people you have followed are up to. to see your notifications via the app, click on “settings” followed by “your notifications”. to view all of your followers, simply visit your profile and scroll down and click on the link that says “see all of your followers”. you can view an entire list of all of your followers there. talk beautylish talk a great place to interact with the beautylish community and staff experts while learning and talking openly about everything beauty related. to view new and popular topics or to start a new conversation, simply visit talk. to start a new conversation, click on the green button that says “start a new conversation”. select a category, a topic and add a blurb about your topic under “message”. you can also upload a photo if you choose. from the app, simply hit the tab that says “talk” and the [+] sign on the bottom of your device screen. select a category, a topic and add a blurb about your topic under “message”. you can also upload a photo if you choose. please keep the topics relevant to their categories and be mindful that your same topic may have already been posted. you can search for relevant topics by visiting www.beautylish.com and using the top search function. use the pulldown menu on the white search bar to and scroll down to “talk”. everything relevant to your topic will then populate - so join in on the conversation! you can also view conversations relevant to your topic or interest by clicking on the categories listed below: there are a total of 8 categories which include: beauty: discuss the newest trends in the beauty community. ask experts and members general beauty-related questions. makeup: share your work and looks with others. discuss your favorite products. share tutorials for looks you’ve mastered! hair: show off your newest hair cut, style, or color. ask experts and members for tutorials on how to create certain styles. nails: everyone loves nail art! show off your favorite polishes, colors, and designs. style: fashion and beauty go hand in hand. ask experts and members for beauty recommendations to go with your outfit or share your complete look before a night out. makeup artists & professionals: network and talk with others in the industry in this area reserved for pros. makeup storage & organizatio: share organizing tips and learn how to streamline your beauty collection. intros & promotion: introduce yourself and share your profile, youtube channel, or blog. we encourage you to get involved with the beautylish community but ask that you follow our forum rules to ensure a great experience for everyone. you can view the forum rules at the forum rules page. we have a zero tolerance policy for uncivil behavior. our moderators work hard to ensure beautylish remains a fun, positive environment and we also encourage you to let us know if you ever see something that doesn’t look right. you can either click the “flag” button which will immediately report it to our moderators*, or you can email us directly at help@beautylish.com * note - these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to the app shortly. customer care order information customer service beauty advice order information you can view information regarding your order on the web via your order history found in the drop-down menu under your name or by referencing your email confirmation. if you still have questions, do not hesitate to contact us at help@beautylish.com. customer service beautylish’s customer service is ready to assist you. feel free to contact us via email at service@beautylish.com. beauty advice beautylish’s team of makeup artists and beauty experts are here to help. if you need assistance in anything from color matching to your perfect skin care regimen, we’re here to help. you may email us at help@beautylish.com for a consultation or find us on livechat 11am-8pm pst via our shops page at www.beautylish.com/shop. beautylish boutiques anastasia anna sui by terry charlotte tilbury usa chikuhodo inglot kevyn aucoin korres rcma makeup sugarpill cosmetics too faced wayne goss shop beautylish order history view credit customer care ordering & shipping returns & exchanges help follow beautylish iphone | android facebook instagram twitter pinterest rss about beautylish about community etiquette review guidelines press jobs contact us terms of service privacy policy copyright policy © 2014 beautylish, inc. all rights reserved. back shop reviews videos talk articles people ✕ login join ship to: back australia canada france germany hong kong ireland netherlands new zealand singapore united kingdom united states your bag (0) shop new arrivals brands back brand boutiques: alphabet bags anastasia anna sui armour beauty beautyblender beautysoclean benjabelle billy b bliss by terry charlotte tilbury chikuhodo cover fx cult nails dita von teese ellis faas embryolisse eve lom evian glamglow ilia indie lee inglot cosmetics kevyn aucoin kjaer weis koh gen do korres lit cosmetics lucas' papaw remedies nudestix obsessive compulsive cosmetics omorovicza parian spirit paw palette rcma makeup rgb rms beauty sachajuan st. tropez sugarpill cosmetics the brush guard too faced tweezerman wayne goss z•palette makeup back makeup brows cheeks eyes face glitter lashes lips primer palettes & sets makeup brushes nails back nails nail color nail effects base coat top coat nail care bath & body back bath & body cleansers scrubs & exfoliants treatments sun & tanning hair styling hair treatment conditioner shampoo brushes & combs fragrance skincare back skincare eye treatments facial cleanser facial treatments lip care moisturizer toners and mists tools & brushes back brushes makeup brushes brush sets brush cleaner tools blending sponges tweezers & brow tools sharpeners eyelash curlers customizable palettes vanity and storage editorial articles back from the shop stories news products style wellness tips & tricks community special features special features back the lipstick reviews building your kit halloween makeup ideas tutorials back from the shop diy tutorials community photos back photos looks hair eyes lips nails most popular most recent reviews back reviews makeup fragrances skincare hair nails bath and body tools & brushes brands videos back videos tutorials looks face hair eyes lips nails talk back talk beauty makeup hair nails skincare makeup artists & professionals loading...