来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171208191110/https://www.beautylish.com/help
================================================================================

beautylish help | beautylish us your account new arrivals brands all brands (a-z) charlotte tilbury chikuhodo inglot cosmetics jeffree star natasha denona rcma makeup wayne goss makeup brows cheeks eyes face lips primer palettes & sets makeup brushes makeup tools makeup removers view all makeup nails nail color nail effects base coat top coat nail care view all nails skincare eye treatments facial cleanser facial treatments lip care makeup removers moisturizer skincare sets toners and mists view all skincare fragrances bath & body bath & body cleansers scrubs & exfoliants moisturizer treatments hand treatments sun & tanning view all bath & body hair styling hair treatment conditioner shampoo brushes & combs view all hair brushes makeup brushes brush sets brush cleaner storage & travel bags view all brushes tools eyelash curlers blending sponges tweezers & brow tools sharpeners customizable palettes vanity and storage view all tools community editorial about beautylish about jobs 1-877-992-5474 contact us customer service order history view credit customer service ordering & shipping returns & exchanges help 0 shipping to the u.s. beautylish offers free shipping throughout the u.s. on all orders $35 and up. (after any applicable discounts are applied.) for all other orders, we offer $5 flat rate shipping.we are currently unable to ship to p.o. boxes. free shipping on all orders over $35 in the u.s.! help contact us our customer service team in san francisco is ready to assist you. 1-877-992-5474 monday - friday 7 am – 7 pm pst saturday - sunday 9 am – 6 pm pst live chat sms 1-415-799-4176 service@beautylish.com login join ship to: your bag 0 your bag view bag shipping to the u.s. beautylish offers free shipping throughout the u.s. on all orders $35 and up. (after any applicable discounts are applied.) for all other orders, we offer $5 flat rate shipping.we are currently unable to ship to p.o. boxes. free shipping on all orders over $35 in the u.s.! beautylish new arrivals brands a alphabet bags anastasia beverly hills anna sui ardency inn b beautyblender beautysoclean becca benjabelle billy b bioderma brush works bumble and bumble. by terry c charlotte tilbury chikuhodo clean apothecary cover fx d dr. barbara sturm e ellis faas embryolisse eve lom evian g glamcor h hylamide i ilia indie lee inglot cosmetics it cosmetics j jeffree star jouer cosmetics k kevyn aucoin kjaer weis koh gen do l lit cosmetics lucas' papaw remedies m make-up atelier may lindstrom mila moursi n natasha denona niod nudestix o obsessive compulsive cosmetics omorovicza oribe p parian spirit paw palette q quintessence paris r rae morris rcma makeup rms beauty s sachajuan sisley-paris skindinavia smith & cult st. tropez stila sugarpill cosmetics sulwhasoo sunday riley t t3 takahashi hiroko temptu the brush guard the ordinary. tom ford tweezerman v velour lashes vintner's daughter viseart vueset w wayne goss z z•palette makeup eyes brows eye liners eye shadow glitter & shimmer mascara eye primer eye sets cheeks & contouring blush cheek palettes bronzer highlighter face bb creams cc creams concealer foundation setting powder face primer face sets lips lipstick lip gloss lip liners lip care lip brushes makeup brushes makeup tools makeup removers palettes & sets see all makeup nails nails nail color base coat top coat nail care skincare skincare eye treatments facial cleanser facial treatments lip care makeup removers moisturizer skincare sets toners and mists bath & body cleansers scrubs & exfoliants treatments sun & tanning fragrance fragrance men's fragrance women's fragrance candles & home scents hair hair styling hair treatment conditioner shampoo hair tools tools & brushes brushes makeup brushes brush sets brush cleaner tools blending sponges tweezers & brow tools sharpeners eyelash curlers customizable palettes vanity and storage community photos looks hair eyes lips nails most popular most recent reviews makeup fragrances skincare hair nails bath and body tools & brushes brands talk beauty makeup hair nails skincare makeup artists & professionals videos tutorials looks face hair eyes lips nails editorial editorial from the shop stories news products style wellness tips & tricks community special features special features behind the brand building your kit the lipstick reviews halloween makeup from the shop diy tutorials shop reviews videos talk articles people ✕ beautylish help customer service placing online orders shipping payment methods returns & exchanges your account & profile community contact us our customer service team in san francisco is ready to assist you. 1-877-992-5474 monday - friday 7 am – 7 pm pst saturday - sunday 9 am – 6 pm pst live chat sms 1-415-799-4176 service@beautylish.com customer service customer service beauty advice customer service our customer service team in san francisco is ready to assist you. feel free to contact us about order questions, issues, or anything else. beauty advice beautylish’s team of makeup artists and beauty experts are here to help. if you need assistance in anything from color matching to your perfect skin care regimen, we are here to help. placing online orders shopping bag pre-orders order confirmation email order status cancel an order shopping bag to add an item to your shopping bag, click the "add to bag" button on the product page you are viewing. to remove an item, go the the your bag page and click the "remove" link under the "quantity" column. your shopping bag will automatically recalculate so you can see your new total. to change the quantity of items, change the number in the box under the "quantity" column. your shopping bag will automatically recalculate, indicating both the unit price and the total price of the quantity added. we accept and deliver orders to the following locations: australia austria bahrain belgium bulgaria canada china croatia cyprus czech republic denmark estonia finland france greece germany hong kong hungary indonesia ireland israel italy japan kuwait latvia lithuania luxembourg macau malaysia malta netherlands new zealand norway philippines poland portugal qatar romania saudi arabia singapore slovakia slovenia south korea spain sri lanka sweden switzerland taiwan thailand uae u.k. u.s. pre-orders from time to time, we will offer access to special items for pre-order before launch. pre-orders differ from regular orders in the following ways: your credit card will be charged immediately to secure your item. pre-orders are not eligible for promotions or discounts. pre-orders ship on the date and via the method indicated on your order confirmation. should the ship date change, we will notify you via email. order confirmation email after you have successfully placed your order, you will receive a confirmation email with your order details. this email is your receipt and can be printed for your records. the order confirmation email includes: your order number (the same number that appears on the order confirmation page) details of the products and corresponding prices order summary including applicable credits and discounts your shipping and billing information order status you can check your order status by logging in to your account and navigating to "your account" > "order history". this page shows the status of all orders that you have placed. cancel an order to cancel an order, click the "cancel order" button that appears on the order history page. you can cancel an order while it is "pending", "confirmed" or "processing". once your order shows as "shipped", we cannot cancel or modify your order. if your order has shipped, please contact us at service@beautylish.com for assistance. shipping shipping information signature required shipping address shipping & packaging shipping information - shipping to the u.s. beautylish offers free shipping to the u.s. on all orders $35 and up. (after any applicable discounts are applied.) for all other orders, we offer $5 flat rate shipping. we ship using fedex and ups. shipping information order subtotal shipping charge $0 - $34.99 $5 $35+ free we are currently unable to ship to p.o. boxes. orders to apo/fpo addresses and u.s. territories ship via usps with 10-15 day shipping or faster. signature required for your protection, we may require a signature on orders valued at $150.00 and above. if you would like to waive the signature requirement on your orders, please contact us before placing your order. if you elect to waive a signature, we cannot refund or replace your order if it does not arrive. shipping address please accurately provide your address and remember to spell out the destination city. abbreviations, misspellings, and typos can result in delayed delivery. shipping & packaging our fulfillment teams in san francisco and philadelphia thoughtfully wraps and securely packs your products to ensure they arrive quickly and safely. email service@beautylish.com if you have any questions about when your order will arrive. payment methods credit cards debit cards prepaid cards paypal android pay apple pay flexible payments (available in select countries) shop credit fraud protection credit cards we currently accept credit cards from visa, mastercard, american express, discover, diners club, and jcb. when your order is placed, your credit card will be authorized and funds are put on hold. when your order ships, the payment amount will be processed and deducted from your account. enter your billing address exactly as it appears on your credit card statement. contact your bank or credit card company if you need the billing address associated with your account. for your security, we require you to enter your 3- or 4-digit card security code (cvv). most cards: three digits are printed directly to the right of the signature strip on the back of the card. american express four digits are printed on either the right or left side above the 16-digit number on the front of the card. debit cards debit cards are processed similarly to credit cards with the exception that you will not have access to the funds in your account immediately after the order is placed. the hold on your account will typically be taken off after 3-5 business days but policies may differ by bank. contact your bank for more details. prepaid cards prepaid cards are processed similarly to credit cards with the exception that funds are deducted from your card immediately after the order is placed. if you cancel or return your order, it may take 3-5 business for the funds to be returned to your card once we process a refund. we can only issue a refund to the exact same card the order was placed with. paypal we accept payment via paypal. choose "pay with paypal" at checkout and follow the prompts to log into your paypal account. if you have multiple payment methods added to your paypal account the default payment method will be used to process your transaction. android pay we accept android pay when you check out using our android app. apple pay we accept apple pay when you check out using our ios app. flexible payments (available in select countries) instant approval flexible payments is available on all orders $50 or more in select countries.* there’s no credit check or approval process. if your order is eligible, you’ll see flexible payments as a payment option at checkout. no interest or fees flexible payments is a simple and free way to pay for your order over time. we never charge extra fees or interest. for orders $50 to $99.99, your order total will be split into two monthly payments at checkout. for orders $100 or more, your order total will be split into three monthly payments at checkout. easy monthly payments when you pay with flexible payments, your order total is split into easy monthly payments at checkout. you pay your first payment when you check out and we ship your order immediately. if your order total is $50 to $99.99, you pay ½ of your balance at checkout (plus all taxes, duties, and shipping costs). your next payment will be charged to your card on file automatically in one month. if your order total is $100 or more, you pay ⅓ of your balance at checkout (plus all taxes, duties, and shipping costs). you’ll pay the rest in two monthly payments, automatically charged to your card on file. *currently available for customers in the u.s., canada, u.k., australia, and new zealand only. see terms & conditions for more information. terms & conditions by submitting the first payment for your order using flexible payments, you are authorizing beautylish to automatically charge your credit card (or another payment method on file) for future scheduled payments. beautylish may retry your payment method(s) if we are unable to successfully charge a scheduled payment. we do not charge interest or fees. the payment schedule and amounts due are displayed at checkout. if your order exceeds $300, beautylish may require a higher first payment. flexible payments is available to qualifying customers in the united states, canada, united kingdom, australia, and new zealand on eligible orders which total $50 usd or more (before taxes, duties, and shipping costs). no credit check is required to use flexible payments. flexible payments is limited to one outstanding order per customer, household, or related user at any given time. this applies even with different accounts, shipping addresses, payment methods, and billing information. shop credit if you have a shop credit on your account, it will be automatically applied to your order as the first payment method. the remaining balance can be paid with a payment method of your choice. shop credit is not redeemable or exchangeable for cash and cannot be used towards shipping charges. shop credits will be returned to your beautylish account if your order is returned or cancelled. fraud protection all payment forms are subject to verification and review. we reserve the right to refuse to process any transaction, sale, or shipment of orders due to suspected fraud or unauthorized or illegal activity. returns & exchanges returns exchanges returns if you are less than completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return your order within 90 days (from the delivery date) for a full refund. products must be returned in new or gently used condition. if your product arrived either damaged or defective, please contact us right away. return shipping is free and prepaid by us if you use our return shipping label and carrier, but you are also welcome to ship a return with your own carrier of choice at your expense. visit your order history and click the "return items" button to print out a pre-paid return label. refunds are made to the original form of payment (e.g., credit card, paypal or store credit). if your purchase was paid with both store credit and another payment method, the store credit portion of your refund will always be issued first. once the maximum originally spent with store credit is reached, the remainder of the refund will be credited back to your original payment method. for example: your order total was $100. payment was made with $20 store credit and $80 via credit card. the total refund amount to be applied is $50. the refund will be applied as $20 back to store credit and $30 to credit card. refunds for flexible payments orders will credit toward any outstanding payment due to us. once all outstanding payments have been credited, any remainder will be credited back to your original payment method. exchanges we are unable to offer exchanges, but we are glad to assist you in returning your order and completing a new order for the new item(s) you want. if you would like to exchange your item(s): contact us to receive return instructions and address. ship us the returned item(s) with the original packaging, including any associated free products or gifts along with the returned order. once we have received your package, we will process a store credit to your profile which will appear on your account immediately. your account & profile forgotten password profile settings editing profile forgotten password if you’ve forgotten your password, you can reset your password at the forgot password page. just enter the email address you used to sign up for beautylish and we'll send you an email containing instructions to reset your password. profile settings editing profile you can update your beautylish profile as well as link/unlink/edit your facebook, twitter and youtube accounts by going to edit profile section of the your account page. note: these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to our mobile apps. community photos reviews videos notifications & recent action talk photos you can manage your photos by going to your photos, found in the drop-down menu under your name. on this page you can upload, edit and delete photos. you can also see how many views, likes, and comments your photos have received. please refrain from uploading other people’s work. we want to be see your most creative and inspiring beauty-related photos! don’t be afraid to get imaginative and have fun! for a chance to be featured, make sure to upload clear, high resolution photos that show off the details of your work. and don’t forget to categorize by photo type, and tag your photos with the products you used to create your look. note: these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to our mobile apps. for more tips on taking awesome photos, check out the links below: photography tips for a beautiful shot framing the perfect beauty shot lighting tips to make your makeup shine inexpensive tutorial lighting tips beginner’s guide to finding your perfect camera reviews beautylish reviews provide members with an insightful account experience with a particular product. to view or post a review of a product simply use the search tool in the upper left hand corner of the home page or visit the our reviews page. useful reviews sometimes include the product application, color, and texture; comparisons to similar products; and the value of the product. the same product often works differently for every person, so be sure to include any personal characteristics that might have affected your experience. for more information visit our review guidelines if there is a product you would like to review but cannot find it on beautylish, suggest it! you can do so by visiting our product suggestion form. you can manage, edit and share your reviews by going to “your reviews”, found in the drop-down menu under your name. note: these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to our mobile apps. videos you can manage your videos by going to your videos, found in the drop-down menu under your name. on this page you can link a youtube channel, import videos, and also see how many views, likes, and comments your videos have received. these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we're hoping to add this feature to the ios and android apps soon. linking your youtube channel to link your youtube channel, make sure you are signed into your youtube account. click on the “link your youtube account and choose videos.” button on the your videos page. you will then have the ability to link your beauty related videos directly from youtube. tips for video creators for a chance to be featured, make sure to upload clear, high resolution videos that show off the details of your work. and don’t forget to tag your photos with the products you used to create your look. for more tips on creating awesome videos, check out the links below: best video recording locations audio tips for video tutorials inexpensive tutorial lighting tips finding your confidence on camera how to talk to your audience get over recording jitters 4 quick tips to improving your videos how to find inspiration for your videos notifications & recent action beautylish is a social environment. you have the ability to “follow” other members, and other members have the ability to interact with you. to “follow” someone, simply click on the gray heart on their profile picture - it will then turn green and show you are now following them. you now have the ability to see their actions on the beautylish page such as reviews, pictures, photos they like, and topics of discussion they are involved in or have posted. you can view all of these actions through your notifications & recent actions. you can locate this on the beautylish homepage in the right hand panel as well as by visiting your notifications, found in the drop-down menu under your name. your notifications will show you every interaction with your page where as recent actions will show you what the people you have followed are up to. to see your notifications via the app, click on “settings” followed by “your notifications”. to view all of your followers, simply visit your profile and scroll down and click on the link that says “see all of your followers”. you can view an entire list of all of your followers there. talk beautylish talk a great place to interact with the beautylish community and staff experts while learning and talking openly about everything beauty related. to view new and popular topics or to start a new conversation, simply visit talk. to start a new conversation, click on the green button that says “start a new conversation”. select a category, a topic and add a blurb about your topic under “message”. you can also upload a photo if you choose. from the app, simply hit the tab that says “talk” and the [+] sign on the bottom of your device screen. select a category, a topic and add a blurb about your topic under “message”. you can also upload a photo if you choose. please keep the topics relevant to their categories and be mindful that your same topic may have already been posted. you can search for relevant topics by visiting www.beautylish.com and using the top search function. use the pulldown menu on the white search bar to and scroll down to “talk”. everything relevant to your topic will then populate - so join in on the conversation! you can also view conversations relevant to your topic or interest by clicking on the categories listed below: there are a total of 8 categories which include: beauty: discuss the newest trends in the beauty community. ask experts and members general beauty-related questions. makeup: share your work and looks with others. discuss your favorite products. share tutorials for looks you’ve mastered! hair: show off your newest hair cut, style, or color. ask experts and members for tutorials on how to create certain styles. nails: everyone loves nail art! show off your favorite polishes, colors, and designs. style: fashion and beauty go hand in hand. ask experts and members for beauty recommendations to go with your outfit or share your complete look before a night out. makeup artists & professionals: network and talk with others in the industry in this area reserved for pros. makeup storage & organization: share organizing tips and learn how to streamline your beauty collection. intros & promotion: introduce yourself and share your profile, youtube channel, or blog. we encourage you to get involved with the beautylish community but ask that you follow our forum rules to ensure a great experience for everyone. you can view the forum rules at the forum rules page. we have a zero tolerance policy for uncivil behavior. our moderators work hard to ensure beautylish remains a fun, positive environment and we also encourage you to let us know if you ever see something that doesn’t look right. you can either click the “flag” button which will immediately report it to our moderators*, or you can email us directly at help@beautylish.com note: these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to our mobile apps. sign up to learn about new product releases and special offers! get notified beautylish brands charlotte tilbury chikuhodo inglot cosmetics jeffree star natasha denona rcma makeup wayne goss shop beautylish order history view credit customer service ordering & shipping returns & exchanges help follow beautylish iphone | android facebook instagram twitter pinterest rss about beautylish about jobs contact us 1-877-992-5474 terms of service privacy policy copyright policy © 2017 beautylish, inc. all rights reserved. loading...