来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221215053732/https://www.beautylish.com/help
================================================================================

beautylish help | beautylish us | en your account search new arrivals holiday shop brands all brands (a-z) charlotte tilbury good molecules hindash hourglass jeffree star cosmetics natasha denona rcma makeup sonia g. tom ford units wayne goss makeup makeup brows cheeks eyes face lips primer makeup palettes & sets makeup brushes makeup tools makeup removers skincare skincare eye treatments facial cleanser facial treatments lip care makeup removers moisturizer skincare sets skincare tools sunscreen toners & mists bath & body bath and body body cleansers body scrubs & exfoliants body moisturizers body treatments hand treatments sun & tanning hair hair hair styling products hair & scalp treatments conditioner shampoo hair tools fragrance fragrances men's fragrance women's fragrance candles & home scents nails nails nail color base coat top coat nail care brushes makeup brushes brush sets makeup & travel bags tool & brush cleaners tools tools & brushes eyelash curlers makeup applicators tweezers & brow tools sharpeners customizable palettes makeup accessories wellness wellness aromatherapy drinkware supplements sale on sale now gifts with purchase special offers get notified editorial shop beautylish order history ordering & shipping flexible payments gift cards zero day delivery coupons & promo codes returns & exchanges help about beautylish about careers 1-877-992-5474 contact us customer service order history ordering & shipping coupons & promo codes returns & exchanges help skip navigation holiday shipping - us to ensure your order arrives in time for christmas, be sure to place your order before the shipping deadlines below. we recommend placing your order as soon as possible in case of unforeseeable delays. expedited shipping monday, december 19th by noon pst* *if your order includes a hazmat item, the order must be shipped via standard shipping. please allow additional time for delivery. standard shipping monday, december 12th by noon pst please contact customer service if you have any questions regarding order delivery timeframes. order by dec. 19 and choose expedited shipping for christmas delivery! learn more. 0 shipping to the us we offer free shipping to the us on all orders $35 and up. for all other orders, we offer $5 flat rate shipping. we ship using fedex express (2 business days from order shipment date) and fedex ground (3-5 business days from order shipment date). order subtotal shipping charge standard shipping expedited shipping $0 - $34.99 $5 $15 $35 - $74.99 free $10 $75+ free free we are currently unable to ship to p.o. boxes. orders to apo/fpo addresses and u.s. territories ship via usps with 10-15 day shipping or faster. free shipping on all orders over $35 in the us! shipping to the us we offer free shipping to the us on all orders $35 and up. for all other orders, we offer $5 flat rate shipping. we ship using fedex express (2 business days from order shipment date) and fedex ground (3-5 business days from order shipment date). order subtotal shipping charge standard shipping expedited shipping $0 - $34.99 $5 $15 $35 - $74.99 free $10 $75+ free free we are currently unable to ship to p.o. boxes. orders to apo/fpo addresses and u.s. territories ship via usps with 10-15 day shipping or faster. free shipping on all orders over $35 in the us! ship to: | en help contact us our customer service team in the us is ready to assist you. 1-877-992-5474 monday - friday 7 am – 5 pm pt saturday 8 am – 5 pm pt service@beautylish.com login join your bag 0 beautylish new arrivals brands a aethera beauty allies of skin alphabet bags anastasia beverly hills anna sui ardell artis artisan&artist atelier cologne augustinus bader b beautyblender beautylish presents beautysoclean beautystat becca cosmetics belif billy b bioderma briogeo bumble and bumble. by terry c caudalie chantecaille charlotte tilbury chemist confessions chikuhodo chillhouse christophe robin cirque colors clean apothecary cnp laboratory cover | fx d danessa myricks beauty dominique cosmetics dr. barbara sturm duo e embryolisse eve lom evian g glamcor golde good molecules h herbalore herbivore hindash holifrog hourglass i i dew care igk ilia indie lee inglot cosmetics it cosmetics j jeffree star cosmetics jill stuart beauty jo malone london jouer cosmetics junoco k kevyn aucoin kitsch kjaer weis koh gen do koyudo l la mer lashes in a box lilly lashes lina choo lit cosmetics lixirskin lord jones lucas' papaw remedies m mahalo skin care make-up atelier mila moursi miss fame beauty mob beauty moon juice mykitco. n natasha denona nomad noé nudestix nyx professional makeup o omorovicza oribe p parian spirit paw palette people of color beauty peter thomas roth psa q quintessence paris r r+co rae morris raincry rcma makeup refa rms beauty rosen skincare s sachajuan sacheu beauty saint jane beauty seche selfmade sisley-paris skindinavia slip smith & cult smith cosmetics sol de janeiro sonia g. stila sugarpill cosmetics sunday riley surratt beauty susanne kaufmann suwada symbiome t t3 takahashi hiroko taos aer the beauty chef the brush guard the sacred ritual tom ford tria beauty tweezerman u u beauty uma units uoma beauty v vdl velour beauty verb vintner's daughter viseart vital proteins vueset w wayne goss z ziip z•palette makeup eyes brows eye liners eye shadow false lashes mascara eye primers eye sets cheeks blush blush & contour sets bronzer highlighter face bb creams cc cream concealer foundation setting powder & sprays face primer face sets lips lipstick lip gloss lip liners lip care lip brushes makeup brushes makeup tools makeup removers makeup palettes & sets skincare skincare eye treatments facial cleanser facial treatments lip care makeup removers moisturizer skincare sets skincare tools sunscreen toners & mists bath and body body cleansers body scrubs & exfoliants body moisturizers body treatments hand treatments sun & tanning hair hair hair styling products hair & scalp treatments conditioner shampoo hair tools fragrance fragrances men's fragrance women's fragrance candles & home scents nails nails nail color base coat top coat nail care tools & brushes makeup brushes brush sets tool & brush cleaners makeup & travel bags tool & brush cleaners tools & brushes eyelash curlers makeup applicators tweezers & brow tools sharpeners customizable palettes makeup accessories wellness wellness aromatherapy drinkware supplements sale sale on sale now gifts with purchase special offers get notified rewards editorial editorial from the shop stories news products style wellness tips & tricks community special features special features behind the brand building your kit the lipstick reviews halloween makeup from the shop diy tutorials search search category shop reviews videos articles ✕ beautylish help customer service products and brands placing online orders coupons, promo codes & sales shipping payment methods returns & exchanges your account & profile community contact us our customer service team in the us is ready to assist you. 1-877-992-5474 monday - friday 7 am – 5 pm pt saturday 8 am – 5 pm pt service@beautylish.com customer service customer service beauty advice customer service our customer service teams in san francisco and philadelphia are ready to assist you. feel free to contact us about order questions, issues or anything else! beauty advice beautylish’s team of makeup artists and beauty experts are here to help. if you need assistance in anything from color matching to your perfect skin care regimen, we are here to assist. products and brands browse products re-stock information browse products there are a number of ways you can find products: by brands - if you are looking for a specific brand, simply click “brands” and select the brand you are looking for. by category – you can browse categories on the top navigation menu. when you click on a category, it will open a list of more specific sub-categories. when you are on a sub-category page, you can narrow your choices further by selecting one of the filters on the left-hand side of the page. product search – click the magnifying glass icon on the top navigation and simply type the product or brand name you are looking for into the search bar at the top of the site and click "search." make sure to select “shop” for the category. re-stock information click on the “email me” button to receive an email once the product is back in stock. you can also enter in your phone number to receive a sms text message notification. placing online orders shopping bag place an order gift wrapping service pre-orders your order gift card terms and conditions shopping bag please note that placing an available item in your shopping cart does not reserve that item. available inventory is only assigned to your order after you place your order and receive an e-mail confirmation that we've received your order. items removed from your shopping bag an item might be removed from your shopping bag for one of the following reasons: the item is out of stock on beautylish. the item is no longer available on beautylish. the item is a promotional product which is no longer available on beautylish. place an order process of placing an order you can place an order by following these steps: go to the product page and click "add to bag." you can review the items in your shopping bag by clicking “your bag” on top right of the site. once you are ready to place an order, click “view bag.” click “check out” to proceed with your order. you can also remove or change the quantity of items. remove items go to your bag page and click the "remove" link under the quantity column. your shopping bag will automatically recalculate your total. change the quantity of items change the number in the box under the quantity column. your shopping bag will automatically recalculate, indicating both the unit price and the total price of the quantity added. if you have not logged in, you will be directed to log in or create an account. please enter your email address and click “confirm to checkout.” select or enter your shipping address and preferred payment method. shipping address enter your shipping address. please type all information in english. shipping service select your shipping service. gift note if this is a gift for someone special, you can include a handwritten gift note! you can select the check box and leave a message in the box (english only). payment methods you can choose to pay by credit card, paypal or alipay. click "place order." your order has been successfully placed when you see the final order confirmation page. after you have successfully placed your order, you will receive a confirmation email with your order details. this email is your receipt and can be printed for your records. the order confirmation email includes: your order number (the same number that appears on the order confirmation page). details of the products and corresponding prices. order summary including applicable credits and discounts. your shipping and billing information. estimated order delivery timeframe. gift wrapping service unfortunately, we do not offer a gift wrapping service. however, our fulfillment teams in san francisco, philadelphia, and hong kong thoughtfully wrap and securely pack your products to ensure they arrive quickly and safely. you can also include a handwritten message with the package too! pre-orders from time to time, we will offer access to special items for pre-order before launch. pre-orders differ from regular orders in the following ways: your credit card will be charged immediately to secure your item. pre-orders are not eligible for promotions or discounts. pre-orders ship on the date and via the method indicated on your order confirmation. should the ship date change, we will notify you via email. the pre-order process the process for pre-order is below: go to the pre-order product page and click the "add to bag," and simply check out as normal. you will receive a pre-order confirmation email. once you have pre-ordered your item on the website, you will receive an order confirmation email with an estimated ship date. modify a pre-order unfortunately we cannot modify orders once they have been placed. you need to cancel your order and place a new order. please note that you can cancel an order while its status is pending, confirmed or processing. once your order shows as shipped, we cannot cancel your order. if your order has shipped, please contact us at service@beautylish.com for assistance. cancel the pre-order you can cancel your order while its status is pending, confirmed or processing. once your order shows as shipped, we cannot cancel your order. if your order has shipped, please contact us at service@beautylish.com for assistance. your order order status we have the following order status for your order. pending: confirming your order. confirmed: your order is being printed and/or assembled. shipped: your order has shipped. cancelled: your order has been cancelled. find your order number you can find your order number by logging into your account and navigating to order history or you can also find it on your order confirmation email. modify your order unfortunately we cannot modify orders once they have been placed. you need to cancel your order and place a new order. please note that you can cancel an order while its status is pending, confirmed or processing. once your order shows as shipped we cannot cancel your order. if your order has shipped, please contact us at service@beautylish.com for assistance. cancel your order to cancel an order, click "cancel order" on the order history page. you can cancel an order while it is pending, confirmed or processing. once your order shows as shipped, we cannot cancel or modify your order. if your order has shipped, please contact us at service@beautylish.com for assistance. beautylish gift card terms and conditions beautylish gift cards can be redeemed for shop credit toward the purchase of merchandise on beautylish. shop credit can not be used to purchase gift cards. shop credit from multiple gift cards can be used toward a single purchase. if the amount of shop credit does not cover the total order amount, you must pay the balance with a valid payment method. if the amount of shop credit exceeds the purchase amount, the balance will be retained on your account and applied toward a future purchase. the gift card will be sent via email to the specified recipient upon receipt of payment. please safeguard your gift card code. the bearer is responsible for its loss or theft. if your gift card is lost or stolen, and you have proof of purchase, please call 1-877-992-5474 or email us at service@beautylish.com and we will issue you a replacement for the balance shown on our records. gift cards purchased from beautylish do not expire and there are no fees associated with maintaining your gift card balance. no sales tax or shipping fees are charged for gift card purchases but taxes and shipping fees may apply to merchandise ordered with shop credit. gift cards are intended for personal use. gift card purchases are non-refundable and not for resale. beautylish reserves the right to cancel any gift card orders deemed to be fraudulent. beautylish gift cards are not for promotional use and may not be transferred or exchanged to a third-party for value. coupons, promo codes & sales coupons & promo codes rewards programs sale events coupons & promo codes at this time, we don’t offer coupons or promo codes. you may see third-party websites referencing “beautylish coupon,” “beautylish coupon code,” or “beautylish discount code,” but these aren’t valid. we also don’t participate in any cashback programs. for more information please see here. rewards programs join beautylish rewards to earn store credit with every dollar you spend at beautylish. beautylish rewards is currently only available to customers in the us at this time, but we are working to bring it to all our customers internationally. learn more about beautylish rewards. sale events we do occasionally have sales and special events on beautylish. please sign up to learn about new product releases and special offers! special events gift card event in october, receive a free $20 usd electronic gift card for every $100 usd you spend. lucky bags in december, we offer mystery bags of beauty products worth $150 usd+ for $75 usd each. shipping shipping information shipping destinations signature required shipping address combine orders delivery status not receiving orders shipping & packaging shipping information - shipping to the us we offer free shipping to the us on all orders $35 and up. for all other orders, we offer $5 flat rate shipping. we ship using fedex express (2 business days from order shipment date) and fedex ground (3-5 business days from order shipment date). shipping information order subtotal shipping charge standard shipping expedited shipping $0 - $34.99 $5 $15 $35 - $74.99 free $10 $75+ free free we are currently unable to ship to p.o. boxes. orders to apo/fpo addresses and u.s. territories ship via usps with 10-15 day shipping or faster. shipping destinations we accept and deliver orders to the following locations: australia austria bahrain belgium brazil bulgaria canada chile china colombia croatia cyprus czechia denmark ecuador estonia finland france greece germany hong kong hungary india indonesia ireland israel italy japan kuwait latvia lithuania luxembourg macau malaysia malta mexico nigeria netherlands new zealand norway peru philippines poland portugal qatar romania saudi arabia singapore slovakia slovenia south africa south korea spain sri lanka sweden switzerland taiwan thailand uae uk us signature required for your protection, we may require a signature on orders valued at $150.00 and above. if you would like to waive the signature requirement on your orders, please contact us before placing your order. if you elect to waive a signature, we cannot refund or replace your order if it does not arrive. shipping address please accurately provide your address and remember to spell out the destination city. abbreviations, misspellings, and typos can result in delayed delivery. change your shipping address after placing orders if you've realized you made an error with your shipping address after placing your order, please contact us by email (service@beautylish.com), phone (1-877-992-5474) or live chat right away so we may help adjust this before your order ships. ship to multiple address shipping to multiple addresses in one order is not currently supported. to ship to multiple locations, please place separate orders with the desired shipping addresses. please note, shipping fees and taxes (if applicable) will apply to each separate order. combine orders unfortunately, you cannot combine your orders. to combine orders, you need to cancel your order first and place a new order again. delivery status when you place an order you will get a confirmation email once the order is confirmed. once the order has been handed over to our shipping courier, you will get a shipped email, which includes the shipping carrier, tracking number, and a link to track the order status. you can also find tracking number by logging in to your account and navigating to "your account" > “order history”. not receiving orders please check the delivery status on the courier’s tracking site. if the status is delivered but you have not received your order, or any other problem has occurred, please contact us right away. shipping & packaging our fulfillment teams in san francisco, philadelphia, and hong kong thoughtfully wrap and securely pack your products to ensure they arrive quickly and safely. for orders shipped to third party or freight shipping companies, we are not liable for late deliveries or items that may arrive missing or damaged. email service@beautylish.com if you have any questions about when your order will arrive. payment methods credit cards debit cards prepaid cards paypal apple pay flexible payments (available in select locations) store credit instant credit afterpay fraud protection credit cards we currently accept credit cards from visa, mastercard, american express, discover, diners club, and jcb. for order placed with payment in full (non-flexible payments): you will not have access to the funds (order total amount) in your account immediately after the order is placed. for orders placed with the flexible payments option: for the first scheduled payment amount, you will not have access to those funds in your payment account immediately after the order is placed. enter your billing address exactly as it appears on your credit card statement. contact your bank or credit card company if you need the billing address associated with your account. for your security, we require you to enter your 3- or 4-digit card security code (cvv). most cards: three digits are printed directly to the right of the signature strip on the back of the card. american express four digits are printed on either the right or left side above the 16-digit number on the front of the card. debit cards debit cards are processed similarly to credit cards in that you will not have access to the funds in your account immediately after the order is placed. if you cancel or return your order, it may take 3-5 business days for the funds to be returned to your card once we process a refund. we can only issue a refund to the exact same card the order was placed with. prepaid cards prepaid cards are processed similarly to credit cards in that funds are deducted from your card immediately after the order is placed. if you cancel or return your order, it may take 3-5 business days for the funds to be returned to your card once we process a refund. we can only issue a refund to the exact same card the order was placed with. paypal we accept payment via paypal. choose "pay with paypal," at checkout and follow the prompts to log into your paypal account. if you have multiple payment methods added to your paypal account the default payment method will be used to process your transaction. apple pay we accept apple pay when you check out using our ios app. apply pay is also available through the launch club ios app and the website (if you are using safari on ios or mac). flexible payments (available in select locations) instant approval flexible payments is available on all orders $50 or more in select locations.* there’s no credit check or approval process. if your order is eligible, you’ll see flexible payments as a payment option at checkout. no interest or fees flexible payments is a simple and free way to pay for your order over time. we never charge extra fees or interest. • for orders $50 to $99.99, your order total will be split into two monthly payments at checkout. • for orders $100 or more, your order total will be split into three monthly payments at checkout. easy monthly payments when you pay with flexible payments, your order total is split into easy monthly payments at checkout. you pay your first payment when you check out and we ship your order immediately. if your order total is $50 to $99.99, you pay 1/2 of your balance at checkout (plus all taxes, duties, and shipping costs). your next payment will be charged to your card on file automatically in one month. if your order total is $100 or more, you pay 1/3 of your balance at checkout (plus all taxes, duties, and shipping costs). you’ll pay the rest in two monthly payments, automatically charged to your card on file. *currently available for customers in australia, canada, denmark, france, germany, ireland, israel, macau, new zealand, norway, saudi arabia, singapore, sweden, switzerland, taiwan, uae, the uk, and the us. only. see terms & conditions for more information. terms & conditions by submitting the first payment for your order using flexible payments, you are authorizing beautylish to automatically charge your credit card (or another payment method on file) for future scheduled payments. beautylish may retry your payment method(s) if we are unable to successfully charge a scheduled payment. we do not charge interest or fees. the payment schedule and amounts due are displayed at checkout. if your order exceeds $300, beautylish may require a higher first payment. flexible payments is available to qualifying customers in australia, canada, denmark, france, germany, ireland, israel, macau, new zealand, norway, saudi arabia, singapore, sweden, switzerland, taiwan, uae, the uk, and the us on eligible orders which total $50 usd or more (before taxes, duties, and shipping costs). no credit check is required to use flexible payments. flexible payments is limited to one outstanding order per customer, household, or related user at any given time. this applies even with different accounts, shipping addresses, payment methods, and billing information. store credit store credit can be viewed in the store credit section of your account. if you have store credit, it will be automatically applied to the total of your next order (including any applicable shipping fees, taxes, and/or duties). any remaining balance can be paid with the payment method of your choice. store credit is not redeemable or exchangeable for cash. if your order is returned or canceled, any store credit used to pay for it will be returned to your account. store credit redeemed from beautylish rewards or earned during the gift card event expires one year after it is issued. instant credit (see below) and store credit from beautylish gift cards do not expire. instant credit if you return an order, you can choose to receive your refund in instant credit as soon as your package is scanned. instant credit can be viewed in the store credit section of your account. instant credit is treated like store credit and will be automatically applied to the total of your next order (including any applicable shipping fees, taxes, and/or duties). learn more about returns and our return policy. instant credit is only available if your refund amount is $100 or less. flexible payment orders are not eligible for instant credit. instant credit from returns does not expire. afterpay installments by afterpay is a service that allows you to make purchases now and pay for them in 4 payments made every 2 weeks without any interest. shop online at beautylish.com, add items to your shopping bag and checkout as normal. if your order qualifies for installments by afterpay, you will see afterpay as a payment option among the list of payment methods and simply select that option for your order. if you have not used afterpay before, the first step to take is to register an account with afterpay and provide payment details when you register your account. if you are a returning afterpay customer, no need to re-register! all items in your shopping bag must be eligible for installments by afterpay and a minimum purchase amount may apply. there may be a limit to the purchase amount based on the items selected in your order. the first payment is made at the time of purchase (when you place your beautylish order). then the remaining 3 payments are deducted every 2 weeks from your chosen payment method linked to your afterpay account. for any questions regarding your payments, afterpay account, your debit or credit card linked to your afterpay account, etc., you can log in to your afterpay account to review the information and to also reach out to afterpay for assistance. fraud protection all payment forms are subject to verification and review. we reserve the right to refuse to process any transaction, sale, or shipment of orders due to suspected fraud or unauthorized or illegal activity. returns & exchanges returns exchanges item missing damaged items, wrong items instant credit returns if you are less than completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return your order within 60 days (from the delivery date) for a full refund. products must be returned in new or gently used condition. if your product arrived either damaged or defective, please contact us right away. sets/bundles are sold as-is and products cannot be substituted, customized, and/or returned individually. products marked as final sale are not eligible for return. return shipping is free and prepaid by us if you use our return shipping label and carrier, but you are also welcome to ship a return with your own carrier of choice at your expense. because we cover return shipping for us orders, we do not refund shipping costs for the original order. this applies even if you choose to pay for your own return shipping. returns requests for orders shipped to apo/fpo addresses are not eligible for the prepaid return label. please contact customer service for assistance on such return requests. visit your order history and click the "return items" button to print out a pre-paid return label. refunds are made to the original form of payment (e.g., credit card, paypal or store credit). if your purchase was paid with both store credit and another payment method, the store credit portion of your refund will always be issued first. once the maximum originally spent with store credit is reached, the remainder of the refund will be credited back to your original payment method. for example: your order total was $100. payment was made with $20 store credit and $80 via credit card. the total refund amount to be applied is $50. the refund will be applied as $20 back to store credit and $30 to credit card. refunds for flexible payments orders will credit toward any outstanding payment due to us. once all outstanding payments have been credited, any remainder will be credited back to your original payment method. exchanges we are unable to offer exchanges, but we are glad to assist you in returning your order and completing a new order for the new item(s) you want. if you would like to exchange your item(s): contact us to receive return instructions and address. ship us the returned item(s) with the original packaging, including any associated free products or gifts along with the returned order. once we have received your package, we will process a store credit to your profile which will appear on your account immediately. item missing we strive to ensure your order arrives perfectly, but if you experience any issue, please reach out to us by email (service@beautylish.com), phone (1-877-992-5474) or chat. damaged items, wrong items we strive to ensure your order arrives perfectly, but if you experience any issue, please reach out to us by email (service@beautylish.com), phone (1-877-992-5474) or chat. instant credit if you return an order, you can choose to receive your refund in instant credit as soon as your package is scanned. instant credit can be viewed in the store credit section of your account. instant credit is treated like store credit and will be automatically applied to the total of your next order (including any applicable shipping fees, taxes, and/or duties). learn more about returns and our return policy. instant credit is only available if your refund amount is $100 or less. flexible payment orders are not eligible for instant credit. instant credit from returns does not expire. your account & profile create an account forgotten password profile settings language setting newsletter remove account create an account to register an account, just click on the "join" button at the top right of the page. you will then be displayed with a screen to register. you can use your facebook account to register. if you do not have a facebook account, please click "i don't have a facebook account." this will then take you through to enter your details and set up a password. forgotten password if you’ve forgotten your password, you can reset your password at the forgot password page. just enter the email address you used to sign up for beautylish and we'll send you an email containing instructions to reset your password. profile settings language setting pc click on the top right flag mark. select your language and click "flag+language" icon to save your setting. mobile tap on the three lines on the top left. tap the "flag+language" icon. select your region on the choose your region page. select your language and click "flag+language" icon to save your setting. newsletter subscribe to the beautylish newsletter you can check and manage your newsletter subscription status from "your account" > emails & notifications. if you are subscribing to our newsletter and still not receiving them, please add us to your safe sender list to allow our emails to come safely into your inbox without them being placed in your junk or spam folder. unsubscribe from the beautylish newsletter you can unsubscribe from our emails at any time. you can click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the latest email you received. or, you can log into your account and go to "your account" > emails & notifications and click the “unsubscribe” button. remove account to remove your account, please go to "your account" > “delete account” under general settings. community photos reviews videos notifications & recent action photos you can manage your photos by going to your photos, found in the drop-down menu under your name. on this page you can upload, edit and delete photos. you can also see how many views, likes, and comments your photos have received. please refrain from uploading other people’s work. we want to be see your most creative and inspiring beauty-related photos! don’t be afraid to get imaginative and have fun! for a chance to be featured, make sure to upload clear, high resolution photos that show off the details of your work. and don’t forget to categorize by photo type, and tag your photos with the products you used to create your look. note: these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to our mobile apps. for more tips on taking awesome photos, check out the links below: photography tips for a beautiful shot framing the perfect beauty shot lighting tips to make your makeup shine inexpensive tutorial lighting tips beginner’s guide to finding your perfect camera reviews beautylish reviews provide members with an insightful account experience with a particular product. to view or post a review of a product simply use the search tool in the upper left hand corner of the home page or visit the our reviews page. useful reviews sometimes include the product application, color, and texture; comparisons to similar products; and the value of the product. the same product often works differently for every person, so be sure to include any personal characteristics that might have affected your experience. for more information visit our review guidelines if there is a product you would like to review but cannot find it on beautylish, suggest it! you can do so by visiting our product suggestion form. you can manage, edit and share your reviews by going to “your reviews”, found in the drop-down menu under your name. note: these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we will be adding this feature to our mobile apps. videos you can manage your videos by going to your videos, found in the drop-down menu under your name. on this page you can link a youtube channel, import videos, and also see how many views, likes, and comments your videos have received. these actions can only be done on the web at this time. we're hoping to add this feature to the ios and android apps soon. linking your youtube channel to link your youtube channel, make sure you are signed into your youtube account. click on the “link your youtube account and choose videos.” button on the your videos page. you will then have the ability to link your beauty related videos directly from youtube. tips for video creators for a chance to be featured, make sure to upload clear, high resolution videos that show off the details of your work. and don’t forget to tag your photos with the products you used to create your look. for more tips on creating awesome videos, check out the links below: best video recording locations audio tips for video tutorials inexpensive tutorial lighting tips finding your confidence on camera how to talk to your audience get over recording jitters 4 quick tips to improving your videos how to find inspiration for your videos notifications & recent action beautylish is a social environment. you have the ability to “follow” other members, and other members have the ability to interact with you. to “follow” someone, simply click on the gray heart on their profile picture - it will then turn green and show you are now following them. you now have the ability to see their actions on the beautylish page such as reviews, pictures, photos they like, and topics of discussion they are involved in or have posted. you can view all of these actions through your notifications & recent actions. you can locate this on the beautylish homepage in the right hand panel as well as by visiting your notifications, found in the drop-down menu under your name. your notifications will show you every interaction with your page where as recent actions will show you what the people you have followed are up to. to see your notifications via the app, click on “settings” followed by “your notifications.” to view all of your followers, simply visit your profile and scroll down and click on the link that says “see all of your followers.” you can view an entire list of all of your followers there. sign up to learn about new product releases and special offers! get notified beautylish brands charlotte tilbury good molecules hindash hourglass jeffree star cosmetics natasha denona rcma makeup sonia g. tom ford units wayne goss see all beautylish brands shop beautylish order history ordering & shipping flexible payments gift cards zero day delivery coupons & promo codes returns & exchanges help follow beautylish iphone facebook instagram twitter pinterest rss beautylish launch club about beautylish about community careers contact us 1-877-992-5474 terms of service privacy policy copyright policy cookie policy © 2022 beautylish, inc. all rights reserved. loading...