来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241225040721/https://www.beautylish.com/beautylish-rewards?ref=menu
================================================================================

beautylish rewards | beautylish us | en your account search new arrivals brands all brands (a-z) charlotte tilbury good molecules hindash hourglass jeffree star cosmetics natasha denona rcma makeup sonia g. units wayne goss makeup makeup brows cheeks eyes face lips primer makeup palettes & sets makeup brushes makeup tools makeup removers skincare skincare eye treatments facial cleanser facial treatments lip care makeup removers moisturizer skincare sets skincare tools sunscreen toners & mists bath & body bath and body body cleansers body scrubs & exfoliants body moisturizers body treatments hand treatments sun & tanning hair hair hair styling products hair & scalp treatments conditioner shampoo hair tools fragrance fragrances men's fragrance women's fragrance candles & home scents nails nails nail color base coat top coat nail care brushes makeup brushes brush sets makeup & travel bags tool & brush cleaners tools tools & brushes eyelash curlers makeup applicators tweezers & brow tools sharpeners customizable palettes makeup accessories wellness wellness aromatherapy drinkware supplements sale on sale now gifts with purchase special offers get notified editorial shop beautylish order history ordering & shipping flexible payments gift cards zero day delivery coupons & promo codes returns & exchanges help about beautylish about careers 1-877-992-5474 contact us customer service order history ordering & shipping coupons & promo codes returns & exchanges help skip navigation holiday shipping - us to ensure your order arrives in time for christmas, be sure to place your order before the shipping deadlines below. we recommend placing your order as soon as possible in case of unforeseeable delays. expedited shipping thursday, december 19th by noon pst* *if your order includes a hazmat item, the order must be shipped via standard shipping. please allow additional time for delivery. standard shipping tuesday, december 10th by noon pst please contact customer service if you have any questions regarding order delivery timeframes. order by dec. 19 and choose expedited shipping for christmas delivery! learn more. 0 we're here to help! call us at 1-877-992-5474. we're here to help! call us at 1-877-992-5474. ship to: | en help contact us our customer service team in the us is ready to assist you. 1-877-992-5474 available now monday - friday 7 am – 4 pm pt saturday 7 am – 4 pm pt service@beautylish.com login join your bag 0 beautylish new arrivals brands a albion allies of skin alphabet bags altesse studio anastasia beverly hills anna sui ardell artisan&artist augustinus bader auric cosmetics b bask beautyblender beautylish presents beautysoclean beautystat billy b bioderma biotic beauty black girl sunscreen by terry c chantecaille charlotte tilbury chemist confessions chikuhodo christophe robin cirque colors cnp laboratory d danessa myricks beauty dominique cosmetics dr. barbara sturm duo e embryolisse evian f facile fleurissent foile g glamcor golde good molecules h herbalore herbivore hindash holifrog hourglass i i dew care igk ilia indie lee inglot cosmetics j jeffree star cosmetics jolie jouer cosmetics junoco jupiter k kevyn aucoin kitsch kjaer weis koh gen do koyudo l le prunier lilly lashes lina choo lit cosmetics m magic molecule mahalo skin care maison nomad noé mila moursi minu mob beauty moon juice mykitco. n natasha denona nudestix o omorovicza oribe p parian spirit people of color beauty peter thomas roth plume science pretti5 psa pure culture beauty r r+co r+co bleu rae morris raincry rcma makeup rms beauty rosen skincare s sachajuan sacheu beauty saint jane beauty seche sisley paris skindinavia slip smith cosmetics sonia g. sugarpill cosmetics sunday riley superegg surratt beauty susanne kaufmann suwada symbiome t t3 the beauty chef the brush guard tria beauty tweezerman u u beauty units uoma beauty v velour beauty verb vintner's daughter viseart vital proteins vueset w wayne goss z z•palette makeup eyes brows eye liners eye shadow false lashes mascara eye primers eye sets cheeks blush blush & contour sets bronzer highlighter face bb creams cc cream concealer foundation setting powder & sprays face primer face sets lips lipstick lip gloss lip liners lip care lip brushes makeup brushes makeup tools makeup removers makeup palettes & sets skincare skincare eye treatments facial cleanser facial treatments lip care makeup removers moisturizer skincare sets skincare tools sunscreen toners & mists bath and body body cleansers body scrubs & exfoliants body moisturizers body treatments hand treatments sun & tanning hair hair hair styling products hair & scalp treatments conditioner shampoo hair tools fragrance fragrances men's fragrance women's fragrance candles & home scents nails nails nail color base coat top coat nail care tools & brushes makeup brushes brush sets tool & brush cleaners makeup & travel bags tool & brush cleaners tools & brushes eyelash curlers makeup applicators tweezers & brow tools sharpeners customizable palettes makeup accessories wellness wellness aromatherapy drinkware supplements sale sale on sale now gifts with purchase special offers get notified rewards editorial editorial from the shop stories news products trends wellness tips & tricks special features behind the brand building your kit sonia's fude corner from the shop tutorials search search category shop reviews videos articles ✕ beautylish rewards join our free rewards program to earn store credit with every dollar you spend at beautylish. it’s our way of saying thanks for shopping with us. sign up to start earning* *by signing up, you agree to our terms & conditions. shop to earn points earn 1 point for every $1 you spend on products at beautylish. redeem points for store credit redeem points for store credit. points expire one year after they’re earned. save on your next order your store credit will be automatically applied to your next purchase at checkout. sign up now how your points add up earn 1 point for every $1 you spend.* the more points you earn, the more they’re worth. points can be redeemed for store credit starting at 250 points. reward points redemption value 250 points $5 store credit 500 points $15 store credit 1000 points $40 store credit *taxes, shipping fees, gift card purchases, and store credit are not eligible for points. frequently asked questions what is beautylish rewards? beautylish rewards is our free rewards program for our customers. with every qualifying purchase, you can earn rewards points to redeem for store credit to spend on your next order. by joining, you agree to the beautylish rewards terms & conditions. how does beautylish rewards work? every dollar you spend on products earns you one point. the more you shop, the more your points are worth. points are automatically added to your account after your order ships. once you earn enough points, you can redeem them for store credit to be applied to your next order. how are the points calculated? every $1 spent = 1 point, less any store credit applied to your purchase. please note that taxes, shipping fees, and gift card purchases do not qualify for points. see the example below for more information. how much are my points worth? here’s how your points add up. the more you shop, the more your points are worth in store credit. reward points redemption value 250 points $5 store credit 500 points $15 store credit 1000 points $40 store credit how do i redeem points? you can redeem points by going to the beautylish rewards tab on your account page. just select the number of points you want to redeem, click redeem points, and the points will be converted to store credit, which you can view in the store credit tab of your account. store credit will be automatically applied to your next purchase at checkout. do orders placed using afterpay or flexible payments earn points? yes! orders purchased with afterpay or flexible payments qualify to earn points. keep in mind that a new order cannot be shipped if you have an open order with a past-due balance. can i create more than one beautylish account to earn points? sorry—per our terms & conditions, we only allow one beautylish account per customer/user/cardholder. do beautylish gift card purchases qualify for points? beautylish gift card purchases do not qualify for points—sorry! can i redeem my points through the beautylish or launch club app? points can only be redeemed on beautylish.com at this time. if you want to place an order on either of our apps using store credit redeemed from points, make sure to cash in your points on the website first. your store credit will be automatically applied to your next order placed on the beautylish or launch club app. what if i forgot to redeem points for store credit before i placed my order? we can help with that. contact us with your order number for further assistance. where can i see how many points i have? to see how many points you’ve earned, head to the beautylish rewards tab on your account page. note that this tab will only appear after you’ve signed up for the program. is there a minimum purchase amount required to earn points? no, purchases of any amount are eligible to earn points. do my points expire? reward points expire one year from the date they are earned. can i transfer my points or store credit to someone else? sorry, any points or store credit you earn cannot be transferred to another account per our terms & conditions. what happens if i return a product from an order that earned points? rewards points and any redeemed store credit will be adjusted once we receive and process your return. will my order invoice show how many points i earned or store credit i used? to see how many points you earned with your order, go to the beautylish rewards tab on your account page. your points will be updated once your order ships. your order invoice will show the amount of store credit that was applied to your order. points are not listed on order invoices at this time. terms and conditions subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, members of beautylish rewards will earn points in connection with the purchase of qualifying products and services at beautylish that are redeemable towards store credit at beautylish. these terms govern membership in the beautylish rewards program. i. membership 1. free membership. no purchase is necessary to obtain membership in the beautylish rewards program ("beautylish rewards" or the "program") and get an beautylish rewards account. 2. eligibility. you must be 18 years or older and a resident of the united states to be eligible for membership. membership in the program is limited to individuals only and is limited to one account per individual. by submitting an application for beautylish rewards, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. to enroll in the program, you must provide your email address, full name, mailing address, and phone number. the program is void where prohibited by law. members are entitled to only one member account. 3. opening an account. you may apply to become a member of the program by visiting www.beautylish.com. in order to apply on the website, you must first be a registered user of the website. 4. membership account. the account remains the property of beautylish and must be surrendered upon request. no credit or cash will be given for unused points. program accounts and any earned rewards are not transferable and are not for sale, resale, or barter. beautylish is not responsible for use of a member's account or redemption of a member's points in the event the member's account is stolen and the account is used or the points are redeemed prior to the member informing beautylish that the member's account has been stolen. 5. viewing your online account. once you are a registered user of the website, you may view a summary of your account on the website. after logging onto the website, simply click on the "your account" link in the header of the website homepage and change any information on your account. you may also view your beautylish rewards points balance and transaction history. 6. member cancellation. you may cancel your beautylish rewards membership at any time. upon cancellation, any unused points accrued in your account will be forfeited and cannot be redeemed. ii. earning points 1. general. members can earn beautylish rewards points on all purchases except gift cards at beautylish. points will be credited to the account that makes the purchase and are non-transferable. 2. earning rate. beautylish rewards member points. members earn one (1) point for every one dollar ($1 usd) spent when they purchase qualifying products online. points earned are based on the merchandise subtotal less any credits or discounts applied to the order. points are rounded to the nearest whole number. to earn points, the account must be in good standing. "good standing" means that your account does not have any past due balance and is not flagged as lost, stolen, or fraudulent. 3. exclusions. the following purchases or fees are not eligible to earn points: purchases of gift cards, purchases of items intended for resale, payment of shipping fees, payment of duties, payment of taxes. 4. returns. points earned for a purchase that is then the subject of a return, refund, returned check due to non-sufficient funds, or other credit will be deducted from the member's account in an amount equal to the points earned for the original transaction. iii. redeeming points 1. general. points earned by a member may be redeemed for store credit. the store credit earned is based on the following scale: 250 points = $5.00 usd of store credit 500 points = $15.00 usd of store credit 1000 points = $40.00 usd of store credit points can be redeemed in any combination of the point and increment amounts set forth above. for example, if a member wants to redeem 750 points, the transaction will allow the member to redeem 500 points and receive $15.00 of store credit and another 250 points and receive $5.00 of store credit for a total amount of $20.00 of store credit. 2. gift cards. points cannot be earned or used towards the purchase of gift cards. 3. exclusions. points accumulated on different accounts of different members may not be combined or aggregated to make purchases of products and services or for any other reason. points earned in a transaction cannot be redeemed in the same transaction. 4. points expiration. all points expire one year after the date the points were earned by the member. iv. general by joining the beautylish rewards program, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in these program rules. beautylish reserves the right to cancel, modify, or restrict beautylish rewards or any aspect of the program, including, without limitation, the point conversion ratio and the point expiration policy at any time. any changes can be made without advance notice. beautylish may make these changes even though such changes may affect the member's ability to use points already accumulated. you are responsible for remaining knowledgeable about the program terms and conditions. a member's points balance, as reflected in beautylish's records, shall be deemed correct. beautylish reserves the right to determine the amount of points in any member's account based on beautylish's internal records related to such member's account. beautylish assumes no responsibility for errors caused by incorrect member information. your right to transfer points earned or granted under the program is strictly limited. the sale of points is prohibited and may result in the confiscation or cancellation of your points as well as suspension or termination of your membership, which in each case shall be final and conclusive. beautylish may revoke any member's membership in beautylish rewards at any time if such member engages in abuse of the program or fails to follow the terms and conditions of the program. fraud or abuse relating to the accrual of points or redemption of rewards may result in revocation of membership in the program and may affect a member's eligibility for participation in any other beautylish program. beautylish rewards points are non-transferable and cannot be redeemed for cash. the interpretation and application of the program's terms and conditions are at the sole discretion and determination of beautylish. sign up to learn about new product releases and special offers! get notified beautylish brands charlotte tilbury good molecules hindash hourglass jeffree star cosmetics natasha denona rcma makeup sonia g. units wayne goss see all beautylish brands shop beautylish order history ordering & shipping flexible payments gift cards zero day delivery coupons & promo codes returns & exchanges help follow beautylish iphone facebook instagram twitter pinterest rss beautylish launch club about beautylish about community careers contact us 1-877-992-5474 terms of service privacy policy copyright policy cookie policy accessibility do not sell or share my personal information © 2024 beautylish, inc. all rights reserved. loading...