来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171231173454/http://www.jpeterman.com/TermsOfService
================================================================================

jpeterman my account sign in to access your exclusive insider benefits. forgot your password? don't have an account with us? register here check out owner's manual 156. get your free owner's manual. see good things happen. your basket is currently empty. subtotal $0.00 proceed to checkout sign in | register register here order history address book wish list update account 888.647.2555 live chat x sign in new owner's manual no. 156 women apparel all apparel new for womendressescaftansblouses & topssweaters & vestsskirtspantsblazers & jacketsouterwearsleepwearowner's manual no. 156 accessories all accessories bags & purseseyewearfootwearhats and glovesscarvesjewelry & timepiecesluggagebeltsmisc. men apparel all apparel new for menshirtspants & shortssuits & blazersouterwearsweatersvestssleepwearowner's manual no. 156 accessories all accessories 1903 collectionhatsfootwearluggage & bagstimepieces & walletsscarves and glovescolognes, soaps & shavingbelts & cufflinksmisc. bags one-of-a-kind european antiques latest acquisitionsfor the homeauthentic english pub signs owner's manual owner's manual no. 156owner's manual no. 154owner's manual no. 153 sale throwback thursday salethe going, going, going sale last chance dept. men all men restockshirtsblazerspants & shortsouterwearsweatersvestsfootwearaccessories women all women restockdressescaftansblousesskirtspantsblazers & jacketsouterwearsweaters & vestssleepwearfootwearaccessories terms of use welcome to the j. peterman website, www.jpeterman.com (the "site") owned and operated by the j. peterman company and its affiliates ("j. peterman"). except as otherwise noted herein, these terms and conditions ("the terms") govern your use of the site. please read these terms carefully, because your use of the site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these terms. if you do not agree to these terms, you should not access or use the site. j. peterman reserves the right to make changes to the site and to these terms from time to time. when we make changes, we will post them here. for this reason, we encourage you to review these terms whenever you use our site because by visiting the site, you agree to accept any such changes. use of this site product & pricing information, prohibition on reselling prohibited uses security rules proprietary rights privacy policy and user information limitation of liability indemnity general information use of this site j. peterman provides you with access to and use of the site subject to your compliance with the terms. no material from the site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, except as specifically permitted on the site. the site, including all of its information and contents, such as text, data, wallpaper, icons, characters, artwork, images, photographs, graphics, music, sound, messages, graphics, software and the html used to generate the pages (collectively, "materials and content"), is j. peterman property or that of our suppliers or licensors and is protected by patent, trademark and/or copyright under united states and/or foreign laws. except as otherwise provided on the site or in these terms, you may not use, download, upload, copy, print, display, perform, reproduce, publish, modify, delete, add to, license, post, transmit, or distribute any materials and content from this site in whole or in part, for any public or commercial purpose without the specific prior written permission of j. peterman. we grant you a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access the site and to use the information and services contained here. we reserve the right, for any reason or for no reason, in our sole discretion and without notice to you, to revise the products and services described on the site and to terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the site, including, but not limited to, the materials and content on the site as well as features and/or hours of availability of the site, and we will not be liable to you or to any third party for doing so. we may also impose rules for and limits on use of the site or restrict your access to part, or all, of the site without notice or penalty. we have the right to change these rules and/or limitations at any time, in our sole discretion. (back to top) product & pricing information, prohibition on reselling the information on this site does not constitute a binding offer to sell products described on the site or to make such products available in your area.we reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order, or any portion thereof, in our sole discretion, even after your receipt of an order confirmation or after your credit card has been charged. you may not purchase any item from this site for resale by you or any other person, and you may not resell any item purchased from this site. the prices displayed on the site are quoted in u.s. dollars and are intended to be valid and effective only in the united states. in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price, we have the right to refuse or cancel orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price, regardless of whether the order has been confirmed or your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we will issue a credit to your credit card account. j. peterman publishes information on its site as a convenience to its visitors. while j. peterman attempts to provide accurate and timely information, there may be inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies and typographical errors. we reserve the right to make corrections and changes to the site at any time without notice. the j. peterman products described in the site may not be available in your region. j. peterman does not claim that the information in the site is appropriate to your jurisdiction or that the products described in its site will be available for purchase in all jurisdictions. (back to top) prohibited uses the site may be used only for lawful purposes and is available only for your personal, noncommercial use, which shall be limited to viewing the site, purchasing products, providing information to the site, and downloading product information for your personal review. you are responsible for your own communications, including the transmission, posting, and uploading of information and are responsible for the consequences of such communications to the site. j. peterman specifically prohibits any use of the site, and requires all users to agree not to use the site, for any of the following: posting any information which is incomplete, false, inaccurate or not your own. engaging in conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, giving rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any city, state, national or international law or regulation that would fail to comply with accepted internet protocol. communicating, transmitting, or posting material that is copyrighted or otherwise owned by a third party unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the owner to post it. communicating, transmitting, or posting material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner. communicating, transmitting, or posting material that infringes on any other intellectual property, privacy or publicity right of another. communicating, transmitting, or transferring (by any means) information or software derived from the site to foreign countries or certain foreign nations in violation of any applicable export control laws. attempting to interfere in any way with the site's or j. peterman's networks or network security, or attempting to use the site's service to gain unauthorized access to any other computer system. communicating, transmitting, or posting material that is in violation of applicable laws or regulations. (back to top) security rules violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. j. peterman will investigate occurrences and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting any user or users who are involved in such violations. you are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the site, including, without limitation, the following: accessing data not intended for you or logging on to a j. peterman server or account, which you are not authorized to access. attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization (or succeeding in such an attempt). attempting to interfere or interfering with the operation of our site, our provision of services to any other visitors to our site, our hosting provider or our network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the site, overloading, "flooding", "mail bombing" or "crashing" the site. forging any tcp/ip packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or transmission or posting to our site. (back to top) proprietary rights as between you and j. peterman, (or any other company whose marks appear on the site), j. peterman (or the respective company) is the owner and/or authorized user of any registered or unregistered trademark, trade name and/or service mark appearing on the site, and is the copyright owner or licensee of the materials and content on the site, unless otherwise indicated. the j. peterman logos, designs, titles, phrases and product names and the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property in such materials (collectively, "j. peterman intellectual property") are owned by j. peterman and may be registered in the united states and internationally. you agree not to display or use the j. peterman intellectual property in any manner without j. peterman's prior permission. nothing on the site should be construed to grant any license or right to use any j. peterman intellectual property without the prior written consent of j. peterman. except as otherwise provided herein, use of the site does not grant you a license to any materials and content or features you may access on the site and you may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works of such materials and content, features or materials, in whole or in part. any commercial use of the site is strictly prohibited, except as allowed herein or otherwise approved by us. you may not download or save a copy of any of the materials and content or screens for any purpose except as otherwise provided by j. peterman. if you make use of the site, other than as provided herein, in doing so you may violate copyright and other laws of the united states and/or other countries, as well as applicable state laws, and you may be subject to liability for such unauthorized use. the information on the site including, without limitation, all site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements is protected by law including, but not limited to, copyright law. (back to top) privacy policy and user information in the course of your use of the site, you may be asked to provide certain information to us. you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of such information. if you respond to j. peterman with any information, including but not limited to feedback, data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, such information shall not be deemed confidential. all such submissions shall be deemed the property of j. peterman, and your submission of information shall constitute an irrevocable assignment to j. peterman of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to such information. j. peterman will not be liable for any use or disclosure of such information. j. peterman will not have any obligation to keep such information confidential and will be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. j. peterman will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products which incorporate or otherwise rely upon such information. however, j. peterman's use of any personal information (name, etc.) you provide via the site shall be governed by our privacy policy. for further information regarding j. peterman's protection of your personal information, please refer to our privacy policy page (back to top) limitation of liability you assume all responsibility and risk with respect to your use of the site, which is provided "as is." j. peterman disclaims all warranties, conditions, representations and endorsements of any kind, either express or implied, with regard to information accessed from or via the site, including without limitation, all content and materials, functions and services provided on the site, which are provided without warranty of any kind, including but not limited to any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, completeness, usefulness, or content of information, uninterrupted access, and any warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. j. peterman does not warrant that the site or its function or the content and materials or the services made available thereby will be timely, secure, uninterrupted or error free, or that defects will be corrected. j. peterman makes no warranty that the site will meet users' expectations or requirements. no advice, results or information, or materials whether oral or written, obtained by you through the site shall create any warranty not expressly made herein. if you are dissatisfied with the site, your sole remedy is to discontinue using the site. any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the site is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage that results from the download of any such material. j. peterman makes no warranties of any kind regarding any non-j. peterman sites to which you may be directed or hyper-linked from this site. hyper-links are included solely for your convenience, and j. peterman makes no representations or warranties with regard to the accuracy, availability, suitability or safety of information provided in such non-j. peterman sites. j. peterman does not endorse, warrant or guarantee any products or services offered or provided by or on behalf of third parties on the site. in no event shall j. peterman, its affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, or content or service providers be liable to you for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages, losses or causes of action (whether in contract or tort, including, but not limited to, negligence or otherwise) arising from or in any way related to the use of, or the inability to use, or the performance of the site or the content and materials or functionality on or accessed through the site, including, without limitation, loss of revenue, or anticipated profits, or lost business, data or sales or any other type of damage, tangible or intangible in nature, even if j. peterman or its representative or such individual has been advised of the possibility of such damages. some jurisdictions do not allow this limitation or exclusion of liability so some of the above limitations may not apply to you. (back to top) indemnity you agree to defend, indemnify and hold j. peterman, its directors,officers, employees, agents and affiliates harmless from any and all claims,liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees,in any way arising from, related to or in connection with your use of the site,your violation of the terms or the posting or transmission of any materials on or through the site by you, including, but not limited to, any third-party claim that any information or materials you provide infringes any third party proprietary right. (back to top) general information these terms constitute the entire agreement between you and j. peterman and govern your use of the site, and they supersede any prior agreements between you and j. peterman. you also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that are applicable to certain parts of the site. j. peterman may terminate this agreement and deny you access to the site at any time, immediately and without notice, if in j. peterman's sole discretion you fail to comply with any provision of these terms. you agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between j. peterman and you as a result of this agreement or your use of the site. any claim or cause of action you may have with respect to j. peterman or thesite must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arose. the failure of j. peterman to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. the invalidity of any term, condition or provision in these terms shall not affect the enforceability of those portions of the terms deemed enforceable by applicable courts of law. these terms shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of ohio, without giving effect to any conflict of law provisions. any dispute arising under these terms shall be resolved exclusively by an appropriate federal or state court sitting in the state of ohio. we control and operate the site from the united states, and all information is processed within the united states. we do not represent that materials on the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. please refer to the international orders page on the site for more information. you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in connection with your use of the site. software that may be downloaded from the site is subject to export controls under the laws and regulations of the united states. by visiting and using oursite, you acknowledge that you are not a national of, or resident within, any of the countries that are subject to trade embargo under these laws and regulations (currently, cuba, iran, north korea, sudan and syria) or listed on any of the united states government's lists of prohibited and restricted parties. you may not assign the terms or any of your rights or obligations under theterms without j. peterman's express written consent. the terms inure to the benefit of j. peterman's successors, assigns and licensees. the section titles in these terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. to contact us with any questions or concerns in connection with these terms or the site, or to provide any notice under these terms to us please refer to our contact us page. (back to top) contact us: 888.647.2555 live chat email customer service faq's | help request a catalog gift certificates shipping & handling size charts about j. peterman philosophy our story absolute satisfaction press inquiries © 2018, the j. peterman company - terms of use | privacy policy x enjoy 20% off your first order become a j. peterman enthusiast for sneak previews, invitations to secret sales, order confirmations and more. x thank you. we just sent you a welcome email with your 20% off discount code. enter your code at checkout,or click below to automatically load your discount. start shopping * restrictions apply please wait... processing your subscription request... x thank you. your signup was successful! please wait... processing your subscription request...