来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181223100136/https://www.jpeterman.com/privacy
================================================================================

jpeterman my account sign in to access your exclusive insider benefits. forgot your password? don't have an account with us? register here get your free owner's manual. see good things happen. your basket is currently empty. subtotal $0.00 proceed to checkout sign in | register register here order history address book wish list update account 888.647.2555 live chat x sign in new owner's manual no. 156 women apparel all apparel new for womendressescaftansblouses & topssweaters & vestsskirtspantsblazers & jacketsouterwearsleepwearowner's manual no. 156 accessories all accessories bags & purseseyewearfootwearhats and glovesscarvesjewelry & timepiecesluggagebeltsmisc. men apparel all apparel new for menshirtspants & shortssuits & blazersouterwearsweatersvestssleepwearowner's manual no. 156 accessories all accessories 1903 collectionhatsfootwearluggage & bagstimepieces & walletsscarves and glovescolognes, soaps & shavingbelts & cufflinksmisc. bags one-of-a-kind european antiques latest acquisitionsfor the homeauthentic english pub signs owner's manual owner's manual no. 156owner's manual no. 154owner's manual no. 153 sale the last dance salethe last dance dress salethe last dance shirt sale last chance dept. men all men restockshirtsblazerspants & shortsouterwearsweatersvestsfootwearaccessories women all women restockdressescaftansblousesskirtspantsblazers & jacketsouterwearsweaters & vestssleepwearfootwearaccessories privacy policy welcome. we appreciate your participation and value your personal privacy at our website, jpeterman.com. the goal of our policy is to explain to you the information we collect, how we use and share this information, and how you can edit your personal information. this policy applies to the information we collect on this website, that you were participating in when you clicked through to this policy, which is owned and operated by the j. peterman company. we collect customer information to improve your overall shopping experience with us. we respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining and using this information responsibly. this privacy policy sets forth the rules and policies governing your use of our website, jpeterman.com. by using our website, you agree to accept these policies. we may change this policy from time to time without notice therefore we recommend you check back periodically to ensure you are comfortable with our most recent policy. immediately after we post any changes to this policy, those changes are deemed effective, whether or not you have reviewed them. by using our website after we post any changes to this policy, you agree to accept those changes. if at any time you choose not to accept this privacy policy, please do not use our website. this document is organized as follows: what information do we collect? how do we use this information? how do we store this information? do we collect personal information of young children? how can you edit your personal information? how can you access us from outside the u.s.? how do you contact us? what information do we collect? you may submit personal information to our website in numerous ways. first, you may share your name, email address and certain information about your likes and dislikes when you sign up for our website, or request a newsletter. we collect information when you register or update your account, log-in, place an order, opt-in to receive our emails, shop online, request a catalog, or participate in a contest, promotion or survey. this information may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, billing and shipping address, credit card information and phone number. you may also provide personal information when you post comments to jpeterman.com, or to one of our other branded sites. in addition, if you have registered with another of our owned and operated sites, we will have any personal information about you that you provided at the sister site(s) as well. whether or not you provide personal information is your choice; however, sometimes it may be required to participate in a particular activity or gain access to certain content on our sites. we also automatically collect general information, or what we call non-personal information, from you when you access our website. this information can include, among other things, the type of browser you are using, the third party website from which your visit originated, the operating system you are using, the domain name of your internet service provider, the search terms you use on our website, the specific web pages you visit, and the duration of your visits. how do we use this information? we will not sell, rent or share your email address with third parties to send you unsolicited email. however, in our ongoing effort to provide you with the best service possible, we may share your information with our other brands within our company. when you supply your postal address, either when requesting a catalog or placing an order, you may receive a catalog by mail from us or one of our other brands. we occasionally make our postal list available for limited use by a few reputable and carefully screened firms, but at your request, we will not share your postal address with anyone. requests can be sent to the contact us page. when you place an order on jpeterman.com, we use this information to process and track your order and contact you via email, postal mail or phone if we have any questions or concerns regarding your order. if you provide an email address during checkout, you will also receive order and shipping confirmation emails. we also maintain a record of your purchases made on our site and through our family of websites and combine this with information you have provided over the phone in order to serve you better. we may combine information you provide with demographic information, information gathered from our other brands and affiliated companies, and information that is publicly available. we may also use information about your product preferences and interests in order to improve our site design and enhance your shopping experience. when we offer contests, promotions or surveys, you may be required to provide certain personal information so we can notify winners and/or fulfill promotional obligations. in these instances, you have the option to receive emails or other communications from us regarding our products, services, contests, and promotions. even if you have previously chosen not to receive email or postal mail from us, you may still receive information as it relates to the contest, promotion or survey in which you have participated. we see the task of safeguarding your personal information as an important one. the situations explained below are the only times where we may share your personal information with a third party outside of the company or an approved vendor of the company performing a specific task or function on behalf of the company (and these companies will not own or control your personal data on a permanent basis and they can only use your data for the task assigned to them by the company). those situations are as follows: in response to a legal process and/or where we (or an enforcement agency) believe your actions may violate applicable laws, or where we believe your actions threaten the rights, property or safety of our company, its users (or the general public). you volunteered your personal information to the general public while participating in certain activities on our website, for example, forums, posts, and/or reviews. we cannot control the actions of our site users and recommend you consider this prior to sharing any personal information with the general community on our site. we may also use an approved j. peterman vendor to help us analyze general information about your visit to our site, which is used by us to understand your shopping experience and preferences. one of our approved vendors may place a unique cookie on your browser, and may also use other monitoring technologies to create anonymous statistics about our website visitors. we also use non-personal information to analyze site traffic, audience trends, etc, and may use an approved j. peterman vendor to help us complete these tasks as well. we may also send you marketing emails. at various points on our site you have the option to join our email list. also, if you provide us with your email address either on the home page, when you register, place an order, enter a contest or during checkout, you may automatically be added to our email list as well and receive marketing or promotional information from us or one of our other brands. if you do not wish to receive our marketing emails, you may opt-out by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all our marketing emails, or requests can be sent to the contact us page. how do we store information? we take steps consistent with commercially reasonable industry standards to assure that any personal information collected from you is secured from loss, misuse or unauthorized access while under our control. please note that despite our efforts to protect information provided to us, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be lost, disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. do we collect personal information from children? our website is not intended for children, and the website will not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. we do not sell products for purchase by children and all children's products we sell are for purchase by adults only. how can you edit your personal information? at any time, you can edit your personal information during the registration process, and as often as you like. anyone who experiences problems with our service, or just has questions about our service, please contact us at the contact us page. how can you access us from outside the u.s.? if you are visiting jpeterman.com from a location outside of the united states, you will be connected through and to servers located within the united states. all jpeterman.com orders will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the united states and all information you provide will be securely maintained in our web server and internal systems located within the united states. how do you contact us? if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us as described below. by email: contact us by telephone: 888-647-2555 by mail: j. peterman customer service 5345 creek rd. blue ash, ohio 45242 contact us: 888.647.2555 live chat email customer service faq's | help request a catalog gift certificates shipping & handling size charts about j. peterman philosophy our story absolute satisfaction press inquiries © 2018, the j. peterman company - terms of use | privacy policy x enjoy 20% off your first order become a j. peterman enthusiast for sneak previews, invitations to secret sales, order confirmations and more. x thank you. we just sent you a welcome email with your 20% off discount code. enter your code at checkout,or click below to automatically load your discount. start shopping * restrictions apply please wait... processing your subscription request... x thank you. your signup was successful! please wait... processing your subscription request...