来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231210045312/https://jpeterman.com/policies/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy – the j. peterman company +1.888.647.2555 customer service the caftan shop new women apparel dresses blouses & tops caftans sweaters & vests skirts pants blazers & jackets outerwear jumpsuits sleepwear women's best sellers accessories all accessories bags & purses eyewear footwear hats & gloves scarves jewelry & timepieces belts home women's canes & umbrellas men apparel shirts blazers & jackets pants & shorts outerwear sweaters vests caftans sleepwear accessories all accessories 1903 collection headwear belts and suspenders footwear luggage & bags men's canes & umbrellas timepieces & wallets scarves & gloves eyewear knives home journals & writing instruments sporting goods shop catalogsowner's manuals owner's manual n°. 222 - the 2023 holiday gift guide owner's manual n°. 221 - holidays 2023 owner's manual n°. 220 - holidays 2023 owner's manual n°. 219 - fall 2023 owner's manual n°. 218 - début de l 'automne 2023 gifts gifts for her gifts for him gifts for all sale endangered species - men endangered species - women endangered species - accessories & footwear the caftan shop new women apparel dresses blouses & tops caftans sweaters & vests skirts pants blazers & jackets outerwear jumpsuits sleepwear women's best sellers accessories all accessories bags & purses eyewear footwear hats & gloves scarves jewelry & timepieces belts home women's canes & umbrellas men apparel shirts blazers & jackets pants & shorts outerwear sweaters vests caftans sleepwear accessories all accessories 1903 collection headwear belts and suspenders footwear luggage & bags men's canes & umbrellas timepieces & wallets scarves & gloves eyewear knives home journals & writing instruments sporting goods shop catalogs owner's manuals owner's manual n°. 222 - the 2023 holiday gift guide owner's manual n°. 221 - holidays 2023 owner's manual n°. 220 - holidays 2023 owner's manual n°. 219 - fall 2023 owner's manual n°. 218 - début de l 'automne 2023 gifts gifts for her gifts for him gifts for all sale endangered species - men endangered species - women endangered species - accessories & footwear +1.888.647.2555 customer service log in my bag (0) ( ) privacy policy privacy policy welcome. we appreciate your participation and value your personal privacy at our website, jpeterman.com. the goal of our policy is to explain to you the information we collect, how we use and share this information, and how you can edit your personal information. this policy applies to the information we collect on this website, that you were participating in when you clicked through to this policy, which is owned and operated by jp outfitters, llc. we collect customer information to improve your overall shopping experience with us. we respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining and using this information responsibly. this privacy policy sets forth the rules and policies governing your use of our website, jpeterman.com. by using our website, you agree to accept these policies. we may change this policy from time to time without notice therefore we recommend you check back periodically to ensure you are comfortable with our most recent policy. immediately after we post any changes to this policy, those changes are deemed effective, whether or not you have reviewed them. by using our website after we post any changes to this policy, you agree to accept those changes. if at any time you choose not to accept this privacy policy, please do not use our website. what information do we collect? you may submit personal information to our website in numerous ways. first, you may share your name, email address and certain information about your likes and dislikes when you sign up for our website, or request a newsletter. we collect information when you register or update your account, log-in, place an order, opt-in to receive our emails, shop online, request a catalog, or participate in a contest, promotion or survey. this information may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, billing and shipping address, credit card information and phone number. you may also provide personal information when you post comments to jpeterman.com, or to one of our other branded sites. in addition, if you have registered with another of our owned and operated sites, we will have any personal information about you that you provided at the sister site(s) as well. whether or not you provide personal information is your choice; however, sometimes it may be required to participate in a particular activity or gain access to certain content on our sites. we may collect your email address via cookies and pixels on the website through the use of trusted third party partners. these partners may also combine your email information with other information they have access to such as a mailing address so that we may serve relevant marketing offers to you via email and direct mail. if you do not want us to collect information about you, please contact us to opt out. we also automatically collect general information, or what we call non-personal information, from you when you access our website. this information can include, among other things, the type of browser you are using, the third party website from which your visit originated, the operating system you are using, the domain name of your internet service provider, the search terms you use on our website, the specific web pages you visit, and the duration of your visits. how do we use this information? we will not sell, rent or share your email address with third parties to send you unsolicited email. however, in our ongoing effort to provide you with the best service possible, we may share your information with our other brands within our company. when you supply your postal address, either when requesting a catalog or placing an order, you may receive a catalog by mail from us or one of our other brands. we occasionally make our postal list available for limited use by a few reputable and carefully screened firms, but at your request, we will not share your postal address with anyone. requests can be sent to the contact us page. when you place an order on jpeterman.com, we use this information to process and track your order and contact you via email, postal mail or phone if we have any questions or concerns regarding your order. if you provide an email address during checkout, you will also receive order and shipping confirmation emails. we also maintain a record of your purchases made on our site and through our family of websites and combine this with information you have provided over the phone in order to serve you better. we may combine information you provide with demographic information, information gathered from our other brands and affiliated companies, and information that is publicly available. we may also use information about your product preferences and interests in order to improve our site design and enhance your shopping experience. when we offer contests, promotions or surveys, you may be required to provide certain personal information so we can notify winners and/or fulfill promotional obligations. in these instances, you have the option to receive emails or other communications from us regarding our products, services, contests, and promotions. even if you have previously chosen not to receive email or postal mail from us, you may still receive information as it relates to the contest, promotion or survey in which you have participated. we see the task of safeguarding your personal information as an important one. the situations explained below are the only times where we may share your personal information with a third party outside of the company or an approved vendor of the company performing a specific task or function on behalf of the company (and these companies will not own or control your personal data on a permanent basis and they can only use your data for the task assigned to them by the company). those situations are as follows: in response to a legal process and/or where we (or an enforcement agency) believe your actions may violate applicable laws, or where we believe your actions threaten the rights, property or safety of our company, its users (or the general public). you volunteered your personal information to the general public while participating in certain activities on our website, for example, forums, posts, and/or reviews. we cannot control the actions of our site users and recommend you consider this prior to sharing any personal information with the general community on our site. we may also use an approved j. peterman vendor to help us analyze general information about your visit to our site, which is used by us to understand your shopping experience and preferences. one of our approved vendors may place a unique cookie on your browser, and may also use other monitoring technologies to create anonymous statistics about our website visitors. we also use non-personal information to analyze site traffic, audience trends, etc, and may use an approved j. peterman vendor to help us complete these tasks as well. we may also send you marketing emails. at various points on our site you have the option to join our email list. also, if you provide us with your email address either on the home page, when you register, place an order, enter a contest or during checkout, you may automatically be added to our email list as well and receive marketing or promotional information from us or one of our other brands. if you do not wish to receive our marketing emails, you may opt-out by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all our marketing emails, or requests can be sent to the contact us page. pricing terms and conditions: prices and offers may vary online and in our catalog.  all offers can be modified or canceled at any time and are subject to product availability. offers cannot be combined with other offers or previous orders. discounts and coupons have no cash or credit value. offers are not valid on gift certificates. customers returning purchased items will forfeit any discounts or coupons applied to those items at the time of purchase. how do we store information? we take steps consistent with commercially reasonable industry standards to assure that any personal information collected from you is secured from loss, misuse or unauthorized access while under our control. please note that despite our efforts to protect information provided to us, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be lost, disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. do we collect personal information from children? our website is not intended for children, and the website will not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. we do not sell products for purchase by children and all children's products we sell are for purchase by adults only. how can you edit your personal information? at any time, you can edit your personal information during the registration process, and as often as you like. anyone who experiences problems with our service, or just has questions about our service, please contact us at the contact us page. how can you access us from outside the u.s.? if you are visiting jpeterman.com from a location outside of the united states, you will be connected through and to servers located within the united states. all jpeterman.com orders will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the united states and all information you provide will be securely maintained in our web server and internal systems located within the united states. peterman customer service 5345 creek rd. blue ash, ohio 45242 california consumer privacy rights deletion: you have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. opt-out of sale: we sell personal information to third party marketing partners for commercial purposes, so you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. to make this request, please email consumerdatarequest@thejpoutfitters.com. please understand that we will still share your information in ways that are not a “sale,” such as with our service providers, for our own online advertising purposes. your opt-out will be specific to the web browser or device you use at the time you exercise your opt-out rights; if you use multiple web browsers or devices, you will need to opt-out from each browser and device. please note that opting-out of the sale of your information for interest-based advertising purposes does not mean you will stop seeing ads, including interest-based ads, and your information that was collected and sold prior to 90 days before your opt-out request may be further used and sold for interest-based advertising purposes. to learn more about internet-based advertising or to opt-out, click here shine the light request: subject to certain limitations under california civil code § 1798.83, california residents have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months. this includes (a) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (b) the identity of those third parties. how to submit a request: to submit an access or deletion request, please email us at consumerdatarequest@thejpoutfitters.com. verifying requests: to help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. in addition, if you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we will require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. if you designate an authorized agent to make an access, deletion or opt-out of sale request on your behalf (a) we may require you to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and (b) for access and deletion requests, we may require you to verify your own identity directly with us. additional information: if you choose to exercise any of your rights under the ccpa, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. customer service return/exchange account/login contact us faq size chart shipping & returns track a package shop men's women's gift certificate request a catalog company about us privacy policy terms of service california consumer privacy rights the territory ahead customer service return/exchange account/login contact us faq size chart shipping & returns track a package shop men's women's gift certificate request a catalog company about us privacy policy terms of service california consumer privacy rights the territory ahead sign up for j.peterman updates by signing up, you accept the terms of j. peterman's privacy policy. email address © 2023 j.peterman company