来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231051453/http://www.trunkclub.com/blog
================================================================================

trunk club - blog x stylist clothing shipping home try-on pricing log in get started get started log in stylist clothing shipping home try-on pricing december 31st, 2013 year in review: checking our 2013 predictions for men's style back at the beginning of this year, we sat down with two of the top guys at trunk club to get their style-related predictions for 2013, which we then published in this post. our guys told us to expect three specific things from men’s style in 2013. how did those predictions hold up? let’s take a look. investment pieceswhat’s an investment piece, exactly? as jason smith, our vp of merchandising, said in that 2013 look-ahead post, “it’s investing in the things that you know you’re going to have for a long time, versus buying a lot of disposables.” of course, investment pieces are nothing new to trunk club members. we’ve always recommend that guys ignore trends and embrace classics, starting with the six essentials. continue reading... tags: men's style menswear style fashion trunk club chicago stylist blazer outerwear swim trunks villebrequin maison kitsune sport coat henley shirt to boot monkstrap swims culturata new england shirt company lbm lbm 1911 moorer pocket square december 26th, 2013 how to host (or attend) a new year's eve party with style nick gomez knows how to throw a party. (you may remember him looking like a king at the recent trunk club event he organized at the underground nightclub.) with the new year approaching, we sat down with nick, who works as our member-experience lead, to find out how he applies what he’s learned at trunk club to the parties that he plans off the clock. you’ve thrown your fair share of parties here at trunk club. what advice do you have for guys who are putting together their own new year’s eve parties this year?you need people, inspiration, cocktails, food, and music. those are the ingredients of a party. you could have nothing else going on, but if you have the right mix of people, fun will happen. so once you set your guest list, find inspiration for how you want your party to look and feel. you can find your inspiration from movies, music, or anything really. that will then affect the food and drink for the night. i like to plan a cocktail menu. it makes the hosts’ life easier because they know exactly what supplies to get, and how much. other than that, i personally like to have appetizers and some music to set the tone for the night. continue reading... tags: how to new year's party new year's eve nye event planning party planning nick gomez trunk club chicago stylist menswear holidays chicago december 19th, 2013 featured trunks on our iphone app: round three with our iphone app, you can request a new trunk, view your entire trunk club wardrobe, and even ask your stylist for suggestions. the app is also home to our ever-changing line of featured trunks, which have been a big hit so far with guys using the app. this is the third time we’ve shared some of our favorite app-feature trunks, the first two having been over the summer. below you’ll find a few trunks we’ve featured recently, including: “après ski,” “winter migration,” “outerwear for everywhere,” and “let’s talk turkey.” when the skis come off, just open this trunk.comfortable, warm, and ready for the night ahead: that’s what you need from your clothes when the mountain closes and it’s time to relax with friends. your stylist will pack all the essentials for the traditional after-skiing evening. enjoy some drinks, talk about your best runs of the day, and look great throughout. continue reading... tags: app-feature trunks iphone featured trunks trunk club trunk club app chicago chicago stylist winter holidays holiday season holiday shopping apres-ski beachwear outerwear december 18th, 2013 inside trunk club hq: the john varvatos space at trunk club hq, several of our private dressing areas were designed by our vendors. (we’ve previously talked about spaces that jack spade and billy reid created for us.) now we hear about the john varvatos space from thomas meus, who works as a scenic designer at the brand. trunk club: one of the things that we love about the space is that even though there isn’t any signage, you immediately know that it’s john varvatos as soon as you walk in. how did you guys achieve that? well, definitely john’s influence is rock and roll, and he’s as passionate about it as he is fashion. some other designers just focus on the clothing and that’s it, where john definitely has a say in everything, so of course it’s going to translate throughout everything that we do, like the guitar. we wouldn’t have just any old guitar in there. it’s the d’angelico excel model, an iconic brand. continue reading... tags: john varvatos trunk club d'angelico excel style fashion menswear chicago stylist inside trunk club hq december 12th, 2013 getting it right: schott nyc "if you build your products for purpose, your company has a much better chance of lasting through generations."—jason schott, chief operating officer for schott nyc. we started the "getting it right" series to show how some of our favorite brands go the extra mile to create truly exceptional clothing. in our fourth post of the series, we called up jason schott, schott nyc’s chief operating officer and great-grandson of irving schott, who founded the company in 1913. the year 2013 marked schott nyc’s 100th anniversary. considering that marlon brando, james dean, and the ramones all wore schott jackets, there’s definitely a cool factor associated with the brand. other than cool, what’s kept the brand running for the last century?i think the ethos of the brand really starts in the factory. schott is a family business, and my great-grandfather’s work ethic seems to have been passed down to my grandfather, my mom, my uncles, all of us. it’s the time we spend together in the factory and the hard work that goes into our products that defines who we are, and that’s what keeps us going. continue reading... tags: getting it right schott nyc jason schott motorcycle jacket asymmetrical jacket made in usa chicago stylist chicago menswear fashion zipper functionality outerwear perfecto perfecto jacket flight jacket december 10th, 2013 memorable gifts with 3 trunk club guys no matter how many gifts you receive, there are bound to be a few that stand out from the rest. considering that trunk club is a clothing service (and the fastest-growing one in america at that), it makes sense that a lot of our guys’ favorite gifts involve apparel. we recently sat down with a few guys who work at trunk club to talk about some of their favorite, and maybe not-so-favorite, gifts from the past. oddie, marketing analyst“when i was 15 i moved out of my parents’ house in saudi arabia to attend boarding school in peterborough, which is just outside of london. my father recognized that it was a special time, and as a coming-of-age gift he got me a tailor-made suit to wear at school. that was the first article of clothing that i actually took care of. i’d always make sure it was cleaned properly, hung up when i was done wearing it, and treated it with respect.” continue reading... tags: trunk club chicago stylist memorable gifts gift cards cashmere chicago fashion menswear style holidays holiday shopping gifts december 7th, 2013 the difference between sport coats, blazers, and suit jackets (in the “ask barkin” series, our head of sales, michael barkin, answers questions about style. this particular edition is inspired by a gawker blog post.) a couple of weeks ago, hamilton nolan advised gawker readers to avoid wearing sport coats with jeans, saying, “the more fiercely a man argues in favor of wearing sport coats and jeans together, the more plainly the flaws of his character are revealed.” i disagree. sport coats look great with jeans, provided that the textures of the two garments work together. but before we get too far into the details around texture, we should probably talk about what a sport coat actually is in the first place. judging by the gawker article, there’s a lot of confusion. continue reading... tags: chicago stylist trunk club style menswear fashion blazer sport coat suit suit jacket gawker maison kitsune bespoken ask barkin december 4th, 2013 how to wear white pants in the winter we’ve said it before and we’ll say it again: white pants are a year-round option. now that we’re heading into the coolest season of them all, we asked three of our stylists for their unique perspectives on how to wear white pants in the winter. continue reading... tags: white pants winter trunk club chicago stylist sharp edgy classic menswear fashion details november 27th, 2013 stylist team profile: team andrea trunk club has 125 stylists (and counting) on 10 teams. to give you an idea of who handpicks the clothes that go into your trunks, we’re featuring each team in a new series of blog posts. this is team andrea. what should a guy wear to a family gathering, like thanksgiving? katyathanksgiving is a time when guys will likely see family and even old hometown friends, so it’s great to look polished. at the same time, you need to be comfortable at the dinner table, so a soft cashmere sweater, chinos with stretch, and a great pair of loafers will keep a guy comfortable and looking great. continue reading... tags: trunk club stylist team profile team andrea charlie mckenna lillie's q casual chicago stylist fashion menswear style thanksgiving november 19th, 2013 magnetic collar stays: your defense against floppy collars as of today, we’re about 10 games into the nba regular season, and dressing weather is in full swing. while both these occurrences are certainly happy ones, they do share a common downside: flopping. the end-to-end excitement of basketball is occasionally interrupted by the decidedly unsportsmanlike practice of flopping, in which players simulate contact to trick referees into calling fouls. as for the weather, cooler temperatures mean it’s layering season, which creates the possibility of a wayward shirt collar flopping outside a sweater or blazer. continue reading... tags: collar stays magnetic collar stay flopping collar nba how to menswear style chicago stylist trunk club next page → about blog gifts careers contact privacy terms