来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231201419/https://www.trunkclub.com/privacy
================================================================================

your privacy rights - trunk club ≡ trunk club how it works brands stylists log in get started trunk club member privacy policy welcome to the web site (the “site”) of trunk club, inc. (collectively with its affiliates, “trunk club”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”). this site is operated by trunk club and has been created to provide information about our company and its services (together with the site, the “service(s)”) to our service visitors (“you”, “your”). this notice describes our policy with respect personally identifiable and other information that is collected from visitors to the site and services. by visiting the site or interacting with the services, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice. trunk club does not share customer information (including e-mail addresses) outside the trunk club family of companies unless it is necessary to provide you with products or services available from trunk club. we may also disclose information when you tell us to do so, to identify or contact you, to protect your rights or the rights of trunk club or as required or permitted by law.what information does trunk club collect? when you interact with us through the services, we may collect personally identifiable information and other information from you, as further described below: information you give us: we receive and store any personally identifiable and other information you enter on the site or give us any other way (including by making it publicly accessible) when communicating or interacting with you online or in our showrooms. some examples include: registering for a trunk club account when you request that merchandise be sent to you or others, make purchases or returns with us, place an order with us online, via phone, mail, e-mail or fax, or request an e-receipt fulfilling orders you place and delivering trunks or other packages requesting a catalog or other content and communications from us or when offering recommendations to you subscribing to trunk club e-mail updates (our e-mail newsletter) or other communications from us or managing your preferences with us your financial account numbers when transacting with us interacting with our websites or mobile sites, mobile applications and services when you participate in any of our programs such as contests, sweepstakes, surveys, loyalty programs, wedding programs etc. when you apply for employment which may include your social security number or social insurance number working with our stylists who assist you with your fashion needs and purchases through communications with you contacting us with a comment, question or complaint automatically collected information: we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us, which is collected passively using various technologies. for example, like many web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses trunkclub.com. such information cannot presently be used identify you personally. if associated with other information such you can be identified personally, such information would be treated as personally identifiable information hereunder. we may disclose this non-personally identifiable information in order to describe the services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. we may also collect personal information about you from other third parties, such as demographic firms, to make our future service and marketing efforts more efficient and personalized for you. we may combine all information we collect and we may disclose this information within our corporate family of companies or our service providers. when you visit our websites we may also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. this information may include internet protocol (ip) addresses or other device identifiers, browser information, internet service provider (isp), operating system, location, date/time stamp and clickstream data. email communications: we may receive confirmation when you open email from trunk club if your computer supports such capabilities. if you do not want to receive email or other mail from us, please contact us at service@trunkclub.com and we will promptly remove you from our mailing lists. how does trunk club use personally identifiable and other information? we use the personal information that we and our service providers collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products, services and experience. we may collect and use your information to provide you products and services, notify you of product recalls or safety issues, process and respond to your application for current or future career opportunities, process membership requests when you apply or otherwise administer your participation in our programs, to respond to your comments, questions or complaints, determine your satisfaction with our programs and service, to personalize your experiences, if you ask us to, send you marketing communications and other information you have chosen to receive regarding our products, services, marketing or special events. we also use your personal information for our everyday business purposes such as security, payment processing, analytics, operations, fraud detection and prevention, reporting, making back-ups and legal compliance. in addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated above. does trunk club share personally identifiable information? to best serve you, we may share your personal information with other members of the trunk club family of companies and with service providers that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services, administer our programs, operations, fulfill your requests, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and product reviews, or provide you with membership information. service providers, third parties who perform services on our behalf, are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available from trunk club. we may also, in certain instances, disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify you, contact you, to advise you of a product recall, detect and protect you or us from fraud, manage information security or bring legal action to protect your rights or the rights of nordstrom or others. we may also disclose your personal information when you ask us to do so or when we believe it is required or permitted by law. browser do not track signals although our websites currently do not have a mechanism to recognize the various web browser do not track signals, we do offer our customers choices to manage their preferences that are provided in the previous sections above. to learn more about browser tracking signals and do not track please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.org/.how secure is information about me? we work to protect the security of your information during order transmission by using secure sockets layer (ssl) software, which encrypts order information you transmit. we reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.what about links to other web sites? our site might include links to third-party web sites. the policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the third-party sites. the links from the services do not imply that trunk club endorses or has reviewed the third-party sites. we suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.which information can i access? trunkclub.com gives you access to information about your account and your interactions with trunkclub.com for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.what choices do i have? you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase. if you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please contact us at service@trunkclub.com or call us at (312) 801-7200 between 9 and 6 pm central time to be promptly removed from our lists.what are cookies? cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. the help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as flash cookies, by changing add-on settings or visiting the web site of its manufacturer. third-party advertising partners we use third-party service providers to serve advertisements (banners or links) on our behalf across the internet. these advertising service providers may collect non-identifiable information about your visits to our website, and your interactions with our products and services. such non-identifiable information does not include your name, address, e-mail address or other personal information. the information is collected through the use of cookies and pixel tags (also known as action tags), which is industry-standard technology used by most major websites. in addition to the information about your visits to our website, our service providers may also use the information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services available from trunk club. in the future we may partner with companies to provide interest-based advertising, both on and off trunkclub.com. if this occurs, trunk club provides you with an opportunity to opt out when these advertisements are served. you may manage your third-party advertising preferences by clicking here. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices for not having this information used by third-party service providers, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.california privacy rights california law entitles residents to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or with corporate affiliates (for those entities direct marketing purposes. trunk club does not provide any personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. if you want to request a notice or have any questions about trunk club privacy practices, please contact us atservice@trunkclub.com. are children allowed to use trunk club and trunkclub.com? trunk club does not sell products for purchase by children. if you are under 18 you may use trunk club and trunkclub.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. if you are under 18 years old please do not provide your information on our website. if we become aware that an individual is under the age of 18 and has submitted any information to trunk club for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files. data processing and storage trunk club and its third party service providers may process or store your personal information outside of the united states or canada and other countries. in accordance with the laws of those countries, in certain circumstances your personal information may be accessible by foreign law enforcement, regulatory bodies or other authorities. for more information of our use of foreign service providers please contact us as described below.integrating social networking services one of the special features of the service is that it may allow you to enable or log in to the service via various social networking services like facebook (“social networking service(s)”). by directly integrating these social networking services, we make your online experiences richer and more personalized. to take advantage of this feature, we would ask you to log into the relevant social networking service. if you add a social networking services account to the service or log into the service using your social networking services account, we would collect relevant information necessary to enable the service to access that social networking service and your data contained within that social networking service. as part of such integration, the social networking service would provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to the social networking service, and we would use, store and disclose such information in accordance with this privacy policy. however, please remember that the manner in which social networking services use, store and disclose your information is governed by the policies of such third parties, and company shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any social networking services that may be enabled within the service. you may also have the option of posting your trunk club activities to social networking services; you acknowledge that if you choose to use this feature, your friends, followers and subscribers on any social networking services you have enabled will be able to view such activity. conditions of use, notices, and revisions if you choose to visit trunk club, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this notice including limitations on damages, disputes, and choice of law. if you have any concern about privacy at trunk club, please email service@trunkclub.com and we will work to address it. our business changes constantly, and our privacy notice will change also. you should check our site frequently to see recent changes. unless stated otherwise, our current privacy notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. we will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers. thanks for reading this far. last updated: august 12, 2014 faq about blog gifts careers contact locations privacy terms    