来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231133126/https://www.trunkclub.com/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - trunk club facebook twitter youtube google + linkedin instagram get started trunk club wordmark logo trunk club wordmark logo menu close men’s women’s locations trunks custom contact login login trunk club wordmark logo menu close men’s women’s locations trunks custom contact get started frequently asked questions general how does trunk club work? there are two ways to use trunk club: in person, at our clubhouses: come in for a fitting to experience the best of our service. as you sip on a complimentary drink from the bar, your stylist will show you a selection of clothes that fits your size, style, and spending preferences. try everything on and take your favorites home same-day. we currently have clubhouses in boston, charleston, chicago, dallas, washington d.c., los angeles, and new york city. to schedule an appointment, call your preferred location or email service@trunkclub.com. we also offer men's custom-clothing services at our clubhouses, which you can learn more about here. at home, with a trunk: if you can't make it to a clubhouse, your stylist can send a trunk of handpicked clothing straight to your door. you'll always receive an itemized preview email first. once you sign off on your stylist's selections, your trunk will be shipped and you'll then have five days to try everything on. a $25 home try-on fee will be credited toward whatever you choose to keep, and you can return the rest with our free shipping service. is trunk club a subscription service? nope. we only send trunks when you request them. that said, if you’d like to receive trunks monthly, quarterly, or at any other specific interval, just let your stylist know. what is trunk club’s affiliation with nordstrom? in august 2014, trunk club became a fully owned subsidiary of nordstrom. trunk club will continue to serve our members independently, only now with the support of a more experienced partner. for more information, you can read the nordstrom press release about the acquisition. can i earn nordstrom notes? yes! just use your nordstrom card for any trunk club purchase, and it’ll count toward your next note. notes are redeemable in stores or online at nordstrom and nordstrom rack. they are not currently redeemable on trunk club merchandise, but we hope to offer that in the future. how do i sign up for trunk club? that’s easy. create your profile online (it only takes a minute—seriously, we’ve timed it), or download the trunk club app on your iphone or android and get started from there. either way, signing up is completely free. i just signed up. when will i receive my trunk? your first trunk won't ship until you have a consultation with your stylist to set your size, style, and spending preferences. then your stylist will put together a trunk and email you a trunk preview. once you sign off on the preview, your trunk will ship and should arrive within 3–6 business days. can i refer friends to my stylist? yes! just visit our referral page, or connect your stylist and your friend with a quick introductory email. as a thank you, we'll credit $50 to your account for each referral who spends at least $50 with us. where can i read unbiased reviews about trunk club? we’ve had plenty of reviews over the years. just google “trunk club reviews,” or read about us on yelp, facebook, or twitter. how do i cancel my account? if you’re absolutely positive you would like to cancel your trunk club account, visit our support page and click "i want to deactivate my account.". what is the first rule of trunk club? talk about trunk club. pricing how much does trunk club cost? as with traditional shopping, it depends on what you choose to buy. our clothing is priced similarly to high-end department stores such as nordstrom, with men's and women's ready-to-wear typically falling in the $100-$300 range. that said, we can work with a lot of budgets, whether you're a conservative spender or you're looking to invest in designer pieces. if you have a specific budget in mind, just let your stylist know. click here to see prices for custom menswear. beyond the cost of clothing, trunks have a $25 home try-on fee that's credited toward whatever you purchase. visiting a clubhouse is always complimentary. will i be able to review pricing before my trunk ships? yes. once your trunk is ready, your stylist will send a preview email with the items they've selected. if anything isn't to your liking regarding price or style, you can request to have it removed or replaced. your trunk will not ship until you sign off on the preview. also, inside your trunk, there will be a packing list with a breakdown of what items are included and how much each item costs. and each garment has a price tag. do you offer sales or discounts? generally speaking, no. however, we do offer price-matching! we are able to price-match our men's and women's clothing within 14 days of purchase exclusively to nordstrom. when will i be charged? if you’re using our trunk service: you’ll be charged a $25 home try-on fee once you approve your trunk and your trunk ships. (don’t worry, the $25 is credited toward any items you keep.) after your trunk arrives, take five days to decide what to keep and what to return. once we receive your returns, we'll charge you only for the items you kept. shipping is free both ways. if you’re visiting a clubhouse: you’ll be charged for your clothing upon checkout. the clubhouse appointment itself is complimentary. if you’re having custom clothing made: you may choose to pay either 50% or 100% of your total upfront. any remaining balance will be charged once you receive your custom garments. why did i see a $1 charge on my credit card? this is just a temporary charge to ensure that the card is valid. the transaction will be voided from your account shortly. why do you need my credit card? we require a valid credit card on file in order to ship you merchandise. that said, you won’t be charged unless you request a trunk (a $25 home try-on fee is processed upon shipment) or you purchase clothing. will i be charged anything if i return everything in my trunk? yes, the $25 home try-on fee is non-refundable. (but remember, it is credited toward any trunk purchases you make.) aside from that, you will not be charged for clothing as long as it's returned in its original, unworn condition with the tags still on. what is your sales tax policy? you can find the details of our sales tax policy in our terms of service. shipping & returns do you ship internationally? currently, we only ship within the contiguous u.s. (sorry, alaska and hawaii.) but if you plan on visiting boston, charleston, chicago, dallas, dc, la, or nyc, we invite you to make an appointment at one of our clubhouses. do you ship to canada? not currently. however, if you're ever in the states, you're more than welcome to stop by one of our clubhouses. what does shipping cost? shipping is free within the contiguous u.s. returns are also on us. there are shipping and return fees for trunks shipped to alaska and hawaii. how do i make a return? the same day you receive your trunk, you'll receive an email for scheduling a free pickup from ups. once you've tried everything on, simply pack your returns in the trunk with the tape strips and pre-paid return label provided. pickups are usually available the next business day. you're also welcome to drop your trunk at any ups location. what if i can’t return the trunk within five days? if you need more than five calendar days with your trunk, email service@trunkclub.com to request an extension. how do i schedule a ups pickup? the same day you receive your trunk, you'll receive an email for scheduling a free pickup from ups. once you've tried everything on, simply pack your returns in the trunk with the tape strips and pre-paid return label provided. pickups are usually available the next business day. can i drop off my returns at any ups location? you sure can! what is your return policy for items purchased? we do not accept returned merchandise that has been worn or altered. items returned in their original condition are eligible for refunds in the original form of payment or trunk club credit. how do i get a new return shipping label? just reach out to service@trunkclub.com and we’ll email you a new return shipping label. what if i’m keeping everything in my trunk? sit back, relax, and wait for everyone to tell you how amazing you look. just let your stylist know you’re keeping everything and they’ll email you a receipt. you don’t even have to return the trunk, so use it for fun things, like making cat videos. how do i exchange a product for another size? contact your stylist or email service@trunkclub.com. if you’ve already been charged, we'll credit your account once we receive your returned item. if i keep something from a trunk, can i return it later? we do not accept returned merchandise that has been worn, damaged, or altered. items returned in their original condition are eligible for refunds in the original form of payment or trunk club credit. can i track the shipment of my trunk? once your trunk ships, you’ll receive a notification email with tracking information. if you need to speak with someone from our service team, you can call us at (312) 801-7200 or email service@trunkclub.com. clothing what kind of brands does trunk club carry? we carry premium men’s and women’s clothing for everything from the workweek to the weekends. if there’s anything specific you’re looking for, just let your stylist know. for a comprehensive list of our men's brands, click here. we're still building out our women's brand page, but you can see our core brands here. can i wear the clothes and then send them back? make sure to try everything on at home, but don’t wear them out unless you intend to purchase them. any items that are worn, damaged, or have tags removed will be charged to your account. can i browse your catalog? not currently. however, you can ask your stylist to send you a selection of items to preview online or in our iphone / android app. what sizes do you carry? our size selection is roughly consistent with department stores. for men: casual shirts and sweaters range from s–xxldress shirts range from 14.5 neck and 32/33 sleeve to 17 neck and 36/37 sleevepants and denim range from 30–40 waist and up to 34 inseamshoes range from size 8.5–13custom clothing is also available if you need a different size. learn more about trunk club custom here. for women: petites through plus sizes, as well as maternity. we're always looking to expand our size selection, and will soon have a size chart available on this page. why don’t you have men's pants in my inseam length? most of our menswear vendors make jeans and pants with a 34" inseam. this is so you can have them hemmed to the perfect length. hemming is a quick alteration that most tailors and dry cleaners can take care of for $10–$15. if you need a hand finding a good tailor nearby, we'd be happy to help. and if you purchase pants or jeans from one of our clubhouses, we'll hem them for free. do you offer alterations? if you purchase pants or jeans from one of our clubhouses, we’ll hem them for free. (it usually takes about a week.) if you’ve received a trunk and need help finding a good tailor, just let your stylist know and they'll help locate someone nearby. custom what is trunk club’s custom clothing service? available through any of our clubhouses, our custom menswear service offers shirts, trousers, suits, tuxedos, sport coats, and top coats made specifically for your body. you’ll have your pick of fabric from the world’s best mills, and an endless amount of custom details to add to your clothing. it’s the highest-quality service we offer and the ultimate expression of craftsmanship and personal style. to learn more, click here. can i request custom clothing in my trunk? in order to create your garments, we have to see you in person. you can take advantage of our custom-clothing service at any of our clubhouses, as well as our trunk club custom showrooms in hinsdale and highland park, illinois. is custom clothing more expensive than ready-to-wear clothing? generally speaking, custom clothing is more expensive than ready-to-wear. that said, prices differ significantly between garment types. you can see a full breakdown of our prices here. why should i consider custom clothing? custom clothing is all about superior quality, fit, and personalization. not only do garments constructed specifically for your body look better, they last longer because there is far less stress on the seams. plus, you can design exactly what you want from a range of colors and textiles, as opposed to settling for something you almost love. what is the selection like? your options are limitless. we only source fabric from the world’s best mills, and are constantly updating our offering. aside from fabric selection, you have your pick of other details such as linings, monograms, buttons, stitching, and other elements of construction. our custom specialists have deep knowledge of the solutions we offer, so you can be as involved or hands-off in the process as you like. when do i pay for my garments? we require a 50% deposit when the custom order is placed, but you’re welcome to pay in full if you’d like. if you choose partial payment, we’ll collect your remaining balance once you pick up you completed garments. when will i receive my custom garments? garments typically take 6–8 weeks to produce. once they're ready, we'll notify you to come back in for a fitting appointment. what should i expect during my first appointment? during your first appointment, you’ll meet with your stylist at one of our clubhouses to get measured and discuss what types of custom garments you’d like made. your stylist will take 26 measurements to document your posture and fit preferences, and you’ll be able to choose everything from your clothing’s fabric to buttons and monograms. after your clothing is constructed, we ask that you return to our clubhouse for a second fitting to ensure your garment fits as precisely as possible. the result is a garment that is absolutely remarkable, from how it’s made and styled to how it fits and performs. do i need to have measurements taken for every garment? not necessarily. once you've had a fitting with us and we've finalized your pattern, we keep those measurements on file. if you reorder a garment (i.e. another button-down in a different color), we can process this without scheduling an in-person appointment. of course, if you suspect your measurements have changed in any way, we highly encourage you to come in and have them retaken. how can i make an appointment? you can schedule an appointment here, by contacting your stylist, through your local clubhouse, or by reaching out to service@trunkclub.com. why do i need a fitting appointment? the second fitting is when your garments truly become your own. as you try everything on for the first time, we’ll take note of how the garments fit and decide whether any final modifications are needed. if so, we’ll update your pattern so any changes will be reflected in your future custom orders. how long do alterations take after i come in for my fitting? alterations take 7-10 business days to complete, and once your garments return to our clubhouse, we’ll notify you via email. what if i can't return to the clubhouse for a fitting appointment? once your garments are complete, we highly suggest you return to the clubhouse for a second fitting. that way, as you try everything on for the first time, we’ll take note of how the garments fit and decide whether any final modifications are needed. however, if you’re too busy to stop in, we can deliver your custom order to your listed address. our stylists who are trunk club stylists? trunk club stylists are men and women who understand that the right wardrobe can help you land the job, feel more confident, or simply free up time for more important things than shopping. and yes, they're real people—you can meet your stylist at a clubhouse, or chat with them on the phone, by email, or in our messenger app. drop them a line any time, whether you need a trunk or just want advice on what to wear to an upcoming event. as we continue to open more clubhouses, we're always looking for more stylists. if you're interested in learning more, please visit our careers page. where does my stylist get the clothes? from our own inventory, which we've been building since trunk club started in 2008. it showcases some of the world's best brands and designers, a selection that has only expanded since our acquisition by nordstrom in 2014. for a comprehensive list of our men's brands, click here. we're still building out our women's brand page, but you can see our core brands here. but i can shop for myself. why do i need a stylist? because a trunk club stylist does a lot more than shop for you. they help you determine which colors and shapes look best on you, and show you how to incorporate modern styles with timeless ones. have an interview, date, or special occasion coming up? they'll give you advice on what to wear. most importantly, they can help you stop buying random clothes and start building a cohesive wardrobe. not only does this make it easier to put together great looks day after day, but it saves you from wasting money on things you might only wear once (or never at all). can i request a particular stylist? of course! just specify that person’s name when you sign up. if you ever decide that things aren't quite working out with your current stylist, just email service@trunkclub.com and we’ll connect you with someone new right away. trunks how often will i receive a trunk? we only send trunks when you request them. that said, if you’d like to receive trunks monthly, quarterly, or at any other specific interval, just let your stylist know. will i get to see the items before i receive my trunk? absolutely. once your stylist packs your trunk, you’ll receive a preview email with the items they chose for you. your trunk won't ship until you approve their selections. what if i can’t return the trunk within five days? once your trunk arrives, you'll have five calendar days to decide what to keep and what to send back. if five days isn't enough time, request an extension by emailing service@trunkclub.com. if you need more than five days with your trunk, email service@trunkclub.com to request an extension. how long can i keep my trunk? once your trunk arrives, you'll have five days to decide what to keep and what to send back. if five days isn't enough time, request an extension by emailing service@trunkclub.com. locations what are your locations and hours? we currently have clubhouses in chicago, dallas, washington d.c., los angeles, new york city, and charleston. to learn more about each space (including hours), just click here. what if i don’t live near one of your locations? that’s precisely what our trunk service is for. with this option, stylists ship clothing straight to your door, and you have five days to try everything on. request a trunk whenever you like—remember, we're not a subscription service. how do i schedule a time to shop at one of your clubhouses? either email service@trunkclub.com or call the clubhouse you’d like to visit with the date and time that works best for you. you can find our clubhouse hours and information here. what is an appointment like? pretty fun, if we do say so ourselves. you'll meet your stylist face-to-face to try on clothes in one of our beautifully designed fitting lounges, all the while enjoying complimentary drinks from the bar. and feel free to bring a friend! it's always good to have a second (or in this case, third) opinion. our clubhouses are found in some truly exceptional places—the historic villard mansions in manhattan; the international spy museum in dc; the landmark cigar factory in charleston. click here to learn more about all six locations. gifting can i give trunk club as a gift? giving the gift of trunk club is an extremely stylish move. when your recipient is just getting started, we recommend giving a gift card—and we can either deliver the good news via email or ship a physical card straight to his or her address. if gift cards aren’t your thing, you can also coordinate a gift trunk delivery or even host an event at one of our clubhouses. if you’d like to do either, just reach out to your stylist or email service@trunkclub.com. what types of gift cards does trunk club offer? we offer both physical and emailed gift cards, which you can buy here. how can i purchase a gift card? that’s simple. just click here. (by the way, trunk club gift cards are only valid if purchased directly through us—never through a third party.) how can i redeem a gift card code? to redeem the code for your gift card, visit trunkclub.com/redeem and log into your account. (if you’re not yet a trunk club member, you can create an account on this page.) once you’re in, just enter the gift-card code and your account will be credited. home try-on fee what is the home try-on fee? we charge a $25 home try-on fee for every trunk. it's non-refundable, but don't worry—it will be credited toward any purchases you make from that trunk. when will i be charged? not until you sign off on a trunk. remember, we are not a subscription service—you have to request a trunk in order for your stylist to put one together. when your trunk is ready, you'll receive a preview email, at which point you can approve the items or request changes. you won't be charged until you approve the trunk for shipment. if you don't respond to the preview email, the trunk will not ship and you will not be charged. does the fee roll over if i don’t keep anything? no. the $25 is non-refundable, and can only be applied to a purchase from your current trunk. of course, it is always our top priority to make your trunk club experience an exceptional one. if you have any concerns about the home try-on fee, don't hesitate to reach out to our service team at (312) 801-7200 or at service@trunkclub.com. is there a fee if i come to a clubhouse? nope! not only are clubhouse visits complimentary, so are the drinks. cheers! get started right arrow trunk club monogram logo men’s women’s custom locations gift cards faq about us careers contact sign up for our newsletter submit privacy terms service@trunkclub.com (800) 385-0100 instagram logo facebook logo twitter logo get started men’s women’s custom locations gift cards faq about us careers contact sign up for our newsletter submit privacy terms service@trunkclub.com (800) 385-0100 instagram logo facebook logo twitter logo questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software