来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171222100347/https://www.trunkclub.com/about
================================================================================

trunk club - about facebook twitter youtube google + linkedin instagram trunk club: a nordstrom company women’s how it works pricing outfits trunks benefits tc + nordstrom men’s how it works pricing outfits trunks benefits tc + nordstrom sign in get started trunk club: a nordstrom company menu women’s intro trunks how it works benefits pricing outfits tc + nordstrom men’s intro trunks how it works benefits pricing outfits tc + nordstrom sign in sign up to meet your stylist & receive your first trunk get started locations about us custom careers gift cards press get started about us trunk club was started to solve a simple problem: shopping for clothes in stores is overwhelming and inconvenient. with trunk club, you’ll discover great clothes that are perfect for you without ever having to go shopping. we combine top brands, expert service, and unparalleled convenience to deliver a highly personalized experience that helps you look your best. leadership terry boyle president read bio terry is trunk club’s newest executive team member. he is a technology and digital veteran with experience launching and scaling companies. in addition to his role as president of trunk club, terry also acts as president of nordstromrack.com/hautelook, nordstrom’s online, off-price division. he joined nordstrom when hautelook was acquired in 2011, and in 2014 he led the design, build-out, and launch of nordstromrack.com. prior to nordstrom, terry was a senior executive at several consumer tech startups including a 3g wireless company acquired by virgin mobile and an internet service provider (isp) acquired by earthlink. terry originally hails from boston but doesn’t eat anything from the sea. he continues to be a huge boston sports fan and enjoys spending time with his wife and two daughters. terry graduated from harvard magna cum laude with a ba in social studies. linda bartman coo read bio linda serves as chief operating officer running to day-to-day operations, marketing, and sales. she joined trunk club in 2016 as the company's first chief marketing officer and was promoted to coo in september 2017. linda has more than 15 years of leadership experience and a passion for building brands, analyzing customer insights, and understanding how human beings tick. linda has broad experience from a variety of industries and brands such as at&t (formerly ameritech), bp, ge, and cars.com. since joining trunk club, she's built the company's integrated marketing function and is now focused on helping trunk club enter its next phase of growth. in linda’s spare time, she enjoys spending time with her husband, three kids, and dog, wrigley. whether at home or at trunk club, there is never a dull moment! candice savino vp of engineering read bio candice came to us in january of 2017 to lead the engineering team at trunk club. she’s been an engineer and leader in the tech industry for the last 14 years. candice comes to us with experience across many industries and companies such as groupon, wms gaming, encyclopedia brittanica and ibm. she’s passionate about our product and is excited to take the engineering team to the next level. candice graduated as a cs engineer from depaul university. robert weisberg vp of finance read bio robert leads trunk club's finance team and brings a wide range of finance and strategy experience from organizations including tribune media, u.s. cellular, recycled paper greetings, kraft, and intel. robert feeds off the passion and excitement that exists across the company and is enthusiastic about growing trunk club into its next phase. he earned his mba from northwestern's kellogg school of management and is a very proud university of wisconsin badger from undergrad. when he's not helping guide strategy and financial performance at trunk club, you’ll find robert enjoying the outdoors, running barefoot or hiking with his wife through some of the most beautiful areas on the planet. coabi kastan vp of clubhouse sales read bio coabi serves as vice president of clubhouse sales and is responsible for the performance, strategy, and operations of trunk club's clubhouse sales team. she joined trunk club in 2011 as a stylist and progressed to senior stylist. from her styling roles, she quickly transitioned to leadership roles including sales director, senior sales director, head of sales for chicago, and finally interim head of clubhouse sales. in her tenure at trunk club, she helped launch trunk club's women's business and drive millions in clubhouse sales. with nearly ten years of management experience, she brings the perfect balance of tactical operations with strategic leadership. when she's not at trunk club, you can find her reading up on all things health and wellness, or spending time with her daughter, husband, and dog. stephen poremba vp of sales operations read bio stephen joined trunk club in 2011 to help build-out our finance and analytics function before starting our sales operations team. as part of the sales ops team stephen is focused on building our sales framework. prior to trunk club he spent time in audit and finance at allstate and holds a bachelor’s degree in finance from indiana university. stephen spends his four hours outside of work laying down drum beats or with his wife kelsey...watching soccer matches. lindsey kilbride vp of sales read bio lindsey was lucky enough to be one of the first 10 to join trunk club’s team in chicago, then moved to dallas in the fall of 2013 to run our first expansion office. passionate about both recruiting and expansion, she has grown our tctx team to over 50 stylists and looks forward to more than doubling that number in the coming year. prior to trunk club, lindsey graduated from the university of michigan (go blue!) to join the consulting staff at bain & company. she left a few years later to be a full-time sales director for mary kay before turning in her pink cadillac for a chance to jump into menswear and help change the way gents shop forever, one trunk at a time. fast facts our merchandise trunk club carries an expansive variety of high quality inventory for both men and women including casual, business attire, formal wear, outerwear, shoes, bags, and select accessories at various price points. sizing women’s sizes range from petite to plus size, and trunk club also carries maternity apparel. along with ready-to-wear apparel, trunk club also offers custom clothing for men. this includes a full range of custom-tailored casual and business wear, including suits, tuxedos, sport coats, trousers, outerwear, and shirts. style advisors at trunk club, our stylists are real people invested in your personal style. all stylists go through extensive training and have hands-on experience to know which colors, sizes, styles, and brands will look and fit best on each customer. beyond the trunk every clubhouse is customized with unique furnishings, fitting rooms designed by our brand partners, and a bar complete with craft beer, wine, champagne, and spirits. history 2009 a couple of well-dressed friends in chicago wanted to make shopping simpler for men who hated to shop. thus, trunk club men’s outfitters was born, and stylists hand packed trunks from our chicago office. 2010 trunk club hires its first sales person and expanded to serve clients in person at our first clubhouse in chicago at 311 w. superior street. the new york times tries trunk club and calls the service “revolutionary.” we celebrate and continue to hone our service. 2011 thanks to a successful round of funding, trunk club begins to invest in its sales team and other key functions. 2012 trunk club outgrows its space on superior street in downtown chicago and moves to its current location at 325 w. ohio street. we promote our first stylists to leadership positions (spoiler alert: they go on to run our los angeles, and chicago clubhouses). trunk club launches a custom clothing service for men, giving them the ability to purchase custom designed and measured clothing. the trunk club team grows to 100 employees! 2013 trunk club launches its mobile app, giving customers another communication vehicle through which they can connect with their stylist. we also open our first satellite clubhouse in dallas, texas. early 2014 trunk club sees an opportunity to serve our customers in-person and opens four brick-and-mortar clubhouse locations in chicago, los angeles, and washington d.c. july 2014 trunk club catches the attention of nordstrom. they see the clear value in this service and acquire trunk club, welcoming us into the nordstrom family. 2015 trunk club continues to expand: we ditch men’s outfitters from our name and open our service to women, we open a new york city clubhouse, and our team grows to more than 1000 people. 2016 trunk club opens its charleston clubhouse, and linda bartman joins the team as chief marketing officer. 2017 trunk club opens its boston clubhouse, our parent company nordstrom expands its loyalty program to include trunk club, and terry boyle joins the team as president. trunk club monogram logo trunk club® women’s men’s custom for business locations gift cards company about us careers press contact have a question? visit our faq page follow us: instagram logo facebook logo twitter logo pinterest logo privacy terms trunk club monogram logo have a question? visit our faq page trunk club® women’s men’s custom for business locations gift cards company about us careers press contact instagram logo facebook logo twitter logo pinterest logo privacy terms