来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181222102140/https://www.trunkclub.com/privacy
================================================================================

your privacy rights | trunk club facebook twitter youtube google + linkedin instagram trunk club: a nordstrom company women's men's blog faq gift cards sign in get started trunk club: a nordstrom company women’s men’s locations blog gift cards faq contact us sign in sign up to meet your stylist & receive your first trunk get started trunk club privacy policy at trunk club, we appreciate the trust you place in us when you choose to visit our clubhouses or website and we take that responsibility seriously. this trunk club privacy policy (the “policy”) describes how we collect and use personal information about you when you visit our website, use our mobile application, call us on the phone, or visit our clubhouses. by “personal information”, we mean information that directly identifies you, such as your name, address, or email address. in this policy, “we” and “our” mean trunk club, inc., and “you” means any person who visits our website, uses our mobile application, call us on the phone, or visits our clubhouses. click on the following links to go directly to the corresponding sections of this policy: what information we collect how we collect information how we use information how we share information online advertising and third parties we work with your choices and access requests security and fraud notices and disclosures international customers additional information and contacting us updates to this policy effective date what information we collect we collect a variety of types of information. examples include: contact information, such as your name, address, phone number, or email address; purchase information, such as the items your purchase, items you have altered or custom made (including measurements), payment method and payment information (such as debit or credit card number and information), billing and shipping address, and contact information (such as for receipts or order updates); preference information, such as your contact and marketing preferences, and brand and merchandise interests; profile and account information, which may include contact, purchase, and preference information as well as your account password, information about wish list items, items in your online shopping cart or saved for future purchase, registry information, product review information, gift card information, and other information about your profile or account; demographic information, which may include age or birthdate, gender, zip code, and other information about you; video recordings and photographic information, of you when you visit one of our clubhouses; call recordings, including information about your call and that you share when you call us on the phone; location information, of your device that you use with our mobile application, if your device settings allow us to collect location information; and device and browsing information, including information about your phone, tablet, computer, or device, and online browsing activity (collectively, “automatically collected information”). automatically collected information may include ip addresses, unique device identifiers, cookie identifiers, device and browser settings and information, and internet service provider information. automatically collected information also may include information about when and how you access and use our website or mobile application, such as the date and time of your visit or use, the websites you visit before coming and after leaving our website, how you navigate and what you search for using our website and mobile application, the website pages and items you view using our website and mobile application, and the items you purchase. how we collect information we collect information on our website, through our mobile application, during calls with you, and in our clubhouses. we also obtain information from you and from third parties. for example, we collect and obtain information: you provide, such as when you make a purchase, interact with a salesperson, visit or contact us, register for a rewards or online account, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey, engage in a promotional activity, register to attend an event or appointment, apply for employment, or sign up for emails or marketing; clubhouse visits, such as: the types of information noted above that you provide, and video recordings and photographs that we collect for security, fraud, loss prevention, incident reporting, and operational purposes; from wi-fi and mobile devices, such information about your device when you use our clubhouse wi-fi services; and information about your device and location if you have installed our mobile application on your device and your device is near trunk club, nordstrom or nordstrom rack stores/clubhouses or store/clubhouse systems (such as systems that offer personalized content), even if you are not currently using the mobile application, though you can disable location sharing using your device or application settings; from the nordstrom family of brands and companies, such as from nordstrom rack, hautelook, trunk club, and our other affiliates, parents, and subsidiaries that you have interacted with; from third parties, such as service providers that we use, analytics companies, advertising networks and cooperatives, demographic companies, third parties that provide us with information about you and the different devices you use online, and other third parties that we choose to collaborate or work with; from social media platforms and networks that you use in connection with our website or mobile application, or that share or allow you to share information with us, such as facebook, twitter, pinterest, and instagram. for example, if you use functionalities, plugins, widgets, or tools from social media platforms or networks in connection with our website or mobile application (e.g., to log into an account, or to share inspiration, finds, purchases, and other content with your friends and followers on social media), we will collect the information that you share with us, or that those social media platforms or networks share with us. for more information about social media platform and network privacy practices, please review the privacy policies and settings of the social media platforms and networks that you use; using cookies and automatic collection methods. for example, we and third parties we work with may collect information from the computer, tablet, phone, or other device: that you install our mobile application on; that you use to access our website; or that you use to open an email or click on an advertisement from us. this collection includes automatically collected information, and generally does not include personal information unless you provide it through our mobile application or website or you choose to share it with us. automatic collection methods we use include: cookies (which may be session-based or persistent, and are typically small data files that are stored on your hard drive or in connection with your internet browser); web beacons or tags (small images embedded into websites or emails that send information about your computer, tablet, phone, or other device when you visit our website, use or mobile application, or open an email we send to you); website and mobile application log files (which we tend to create automatically in connection with access to and use of our website and mobile application); flash cookies or local stored objects (which may be placed using adobe flash software—learn more about privacy and storage settings for flash cookies here); and other technologies (which may be similar to or different than the methods noted above). how we use information we use the information that we collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products, services, and experiences. we also may combine any or all of the information that we collect or obtain. examples of how we use information include: to provide you with products and services, such as to: fulfill your orders and process your payments; process, maintain and service your account(s) and memberships; and to provide you with products and services that we think you will like; to respond to you, such as when you: place an order; call us; make a request or inquiry; enter a contest or sweepstakes; complete a survey; or share a comment or concern; for personalization of your experiences with us, including to: remember your interests and preferences; customize the products and services we share with you; facilitate your interactions with our stylists and salespeople; track and categorize your activity and interests on our website and mobile application, including by identifying the different devices you use; and to enrich your experience in our clubhouses, on our website, and through our mobile application; for marketing and advertising, such as to: send you marketing and advertising communications; check creditworthiness and make pre-screen offers for nordstrom-branded credit cards; and to customize the marketing and advertising that we show you (we offer choices about marketing and advertising as noted in the your choices section below); for analytics, such as to: understand how you use our website and mobile application; understand how you shop with us; determine the methods and devices used to access our website and mobile application; and improve our website and mobile application; for our business purposes, such as: to operate and improve upon our business and lawful business activities; to maintain our programs, accounts, and records; for research; to determine your satisfaction with our products and services; to detect and prevent fraud or misuse of our services; and for any other business purpose that is permitted by law; for legal and safety purposes, such as to: defend or protect us, our customers, you, or third parties, from harm or in legal proceedings; protect our rights; protect our security and the security of our customers, employees, and property; respond to court orders, lawsuits, subpoenas, and government requests; address legal and regulatory compliance; and notify you of product recalls or safety issues. how we share information in general, we do not share personal information about you with third parties for third party marketing or advertising purposes. we do share personal information with third parties for other purposes. for example, we share personal information with: the nordstrom family of brands and companies, such as nordstrom, nordstrom rack, and hautelook, and our other affiliates, parents, and subsidiaries; third parties and service providers that provide products or services to us, that help us market or advertise to you (including co-branded marketing and advertising), or that provide products or services to you. we may use third parties or service providers to perform any of the actions or activities allowed under this policy; social media platforms and networks such as facebook, twitter, pinterest, and instagram that offer functionalities, plugins, widgets, or tools in connection with our website or mobile application (e.g., to log into an account, or to share inspiration, finds, purchases, and other content with your friends and followers on social media). if you choose to use these functionalities, plugins, widgets, or tools, certain information may be shared with or collected by those social media companies—for more information about what information is shared or collected, and how it is used, see the applicable social media company’s privacy policy; parties to business transactions such as those we deal with in mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, sales of assets, reorganizations, divestitures, dissolutions, bankruptcies, liquidations, or other types of business transactions. in these types of transactions, personal information may be shared, sold, or transferred, and it may be used subsequently by a third party; and additional third parties such as law enforcement, government entities, courts, or other third parties as required or allowed by applicable law, such as for the legal and safety purposes described under the “how we use information” section above, or otherwise to help prevent harm or fraud to us, you, our customers, or other third parties. we also may share personal information with third parties upon your request or with your approval, though we may not be able to accommodate all requests. online advertising and third parties we work with we work with third party companies for advertising purposes, including to: serve advertisements across the internet; track and categorize your activity and interests over time on our website and mobile application, and on third party websites and mobile applications; and to identify the different device(s) you use to access websites and mobile applications. we share information with these companies, and these companies may collect information—including automatically collected information when you use our website or mobile application—through the methods described in the “how we collect information” section above (see “using cookies and automatic collection methods”). these third party companies also may possess or obtain information about you from your interactions: directly with the third party companies; with other websites, mobile applications, or companies that the third party companies work with; or from your interactions with advertisements the third party companies help to display to you. the information that these companies collect or that we share may be used to customize or personalize the advertisements that are displayed to you. we may share personal information with the third party companies we work with for our purposes, though in general we do not share personal information about you with third parties for third party marketing or advertising purposes. we may also share other information in our discretion, including automatically collected information, which may be used by third parties for third party marketing, advertising, and other purposes. for information about the choices you have about the online advertising practices described in this section, please see the “your choices and access requests” section below. your choices and access requests we strive to offer you with choices about how personal information is used and shared. your choices include: online advertising. you can manage third party advertising preferences for some of the third parties we work with to serve advertising across the internet by utilizing the choices available at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http://www.aboutads.info/choices. we do not guarantee that all of the third parties we work with will honor the elections you make using those options, but we strive to work with third parties that do. social media platforms and networks. we encourage you to review your privacy options and settings with the social media platforms and networks you use to understand what choices you have about sharing information from those platforms and networks with us. email choices. you can opt-out of marketing or advertising emails by utilizing the “unsubscribe” link or mechanism noted in marketing or advertising emails you receive from us. you may also request to opt-out of marketing or advertising emails by contacting us through one of the methods specified in the “additional information and contacting us” section below, and sharing the email address at which you are receiving marketing or advertising emails. to unsubscribe from marketing or advertising emails you receive from nordstrom, nordstrom rack, or hautelook, please utilize the “unsubscribe” link or mechanism noted in the marketing or advertising emails you receive from those brands, or visit the privacy policy associated with the brand that you are receiving emails from and use the choices provided therein. telephone choices (calls and texts). you may opt-out of receiving marketing or advertising calls or text messages by contacting us through one of the methods specified in the “additional information and contacting us” section below, and sharing the phone number that you would like to opt-out. for text messages, you also may be able to text “stop” in response to a text message that you receive. mobile location choices. you may choose not to provide your location to us in connection with your use of our mobile application by declining any prompt requesting location information, and by customizing your mobile device settings to prevent sharing of location information. we may also collect location data when you have our mobile application installed on your device and your device is near trunk club, nordstrom or nordstrom rack stores/clubhouses or store/clubhouse systems (such as systems that offer personalized content), even if you are not currently using the mobile application. you may prevent this by customizing your mobile device settings to prevent sharing of location information or by disabling bluetooth on your device. access requests. if you have registered for an online account, we allow you to access and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your online account and using the features and functionalities available there. you may also make a request for access to personal information by sending an email or writing to us at the address specified in the “additional information and contacting us” section below. we are not able to grant all access requests, and we may request additional information from you in order to verify your identity before accommodating an access request. security and fraud we take steps to help protect the confidentiality and security of personal information you share with us through our website and mobile application. in general, information transmitted through the internet may not be perfectly secure, and we are unable to guarantee the security of your personal information. we encourage you to take steps to help protect the confidentiality and security of your account and personal information, including by doing the following: reviewing your trunk club account periodically and immediately reporting any unexpected activity or unrecognized information; installing the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and viruses; using complex passwords (a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric case sensitive characters); not using the same password on more than one website; not sharing your password with others; password protecting your computer and mobile device; and sign out/log off of website sessions so that your session is closed, especially when using a public computer. you may come in contact with websites, emails or texts that try to lure you into providing personal information with an offer such as a gift card. trunk club does not sponsor or endorse these offers. if you become aware of any potentially fraudulent activity on a website or in an email or text, please forward the information to onlinefraud@nordstrom.com or call us at 1.888.282.6060 so that we can follow up. you can also visit our fraud alerts page for additional information. notices and disclosures links to other websites and services. our website or mobile application may provide links to other internet sites, content or videos (embedded or direct links) maintained by third parties. we are not responsible for the sites, content, or videos accessed via the links, and we have not reviewed the privacy practices of those third parties. we encourage you to review the privacy practices of those third parties. browser do not track signals. while we strive to offer you choices when you use our website and mobile application, we do not promise that we will be able to receive or honor web browser do not track signals. california privacy rights. california law entitles residents to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties for third parties’ direct marketing purposes. unless you request us to or consent to us doing so, trunk club does not sell any personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. if you have questions about these practices, please contact us at privacy@nordstrom.com. children's privacy. trunk club does not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent. if you believe that your child under the age of 13 has submitted personal information to trunk club in connection with our website or mobile application, and without prior verifiable parental consent, please contact us at privacy@nordstrom.com so that we can take steps to delete the personal information that she or he provided. international customers if you provide personal information through our website or mobile application separate from a purchase, you agree that the personal information will be transferred to and processed in the united states of america and any other country or jurisdiction at our sole discretion. the laws that apply to the use and protection of personal information in the united states or other countries or jurisdictions in which we transfer or process personal information may be different than the laws and protections in your country. additional information and contacting us to update us with your marketing preferences, in addition to the options in the your choices and access requests section above, you may contact us at service@trunkclub.com or call us at (800) 385-0100 between 9 and 6 pm central time. for additional information on privacy practices for the nordstrom family of brands and companies, please use the following links: nordstrom privacy policy nordstrom rack privacy policy hautelook privacy policy if you have questions about this policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at: nordstrom privacy po box 21986 seattle, wa 98111-3986 1.866.554.6591 privacy@nordstrom.com if you're not comfortable shopping online (and would prefer to make your purchase via telephone), just give us a call at (800) 385-0100. our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you. updates to this policy we may make changes to this policy, and may apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. when we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by posting the updated policy on our website, and we will update the effective date at the end of this policy. effective date this policy is effective september 13, 2017. services women’s men’s custom gift cards referral program company our story careers locations press blog partnerships for business influencer affiliate questions? faqs contact us noun_devices_170113 created with sketch. get the app instagram logo women's men's facebook logo twitter logo pinterest logo noun_devices_170113 created with sketch. get the app © 2018 all rights reserved privacy terms interest‐based ads