来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20220604093046/https://www.trunkclub.com/terms-of-service
================================================================================

terms of service | nordstrom trunk club women women's trunks style inspiration brands for her body shape & size men men's trunks style advice brands for him how&nbspit&nbspworks faq pricing exchanges sign in get started women men home women's blog men's blog faq get started sign in terms of service date of last revision: march 23, 2022 welcome to nordstrom trunk club! nordstrom trunk club, inc. (“nordstrom trunk club,” “we,” “us,” “our”) provides its services (described below) to you through its website located at www.trunkclub.com (the “site”) and through its related services (collectively, such services, including any new features and applications, and the site, the “service(s)”), subject to the following terms of service (as amended from time to time, the “terms of service”). we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these terms of service at any time if we do this, we will post the change(s) on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised. we will also notify you, either through the services user interface, in an email notification or through other reasonable means. any such changes will become effective no earlier than fourteen (14) days after they are posted, except that changes addressing new functions of the services or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. your continued use of the service after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new terms of service. in addition, when using certain services, you will be subject to any additional terms applicable to such services that may be posted on the service from time to time, including, without limitation, the privacy policy located at www.trunkclub.com/privacy. all such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into these terms of service. these terms of service include a class action waiver and require binding arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes. details are set forth below in these terms of service. access and use of the service services and membership description: the service is designed to provide men and women with great clothes (“items”) selected by our personal stylists from time to time (each shipment of items, a “trunk”). once you create an account, you will become a “member.” for more details about the service, please see www.trunkclub.com. with each trunk, you have five (5) days after it is delivered to review the selection of items and try them on (“try-on period”). each trunk that we ship to you will include a non-refundable $25 fee that will be credited towards any purchase within that trunk (“styling fee”). we charge you for all items not returned in accordance with the return policy, below, at the end of the try-on period, although we may bill you earlier in certain circumstances (for example, if you return your trunk before the try-on period is over, if you request us to, if we have reason to believe that the order is fraudulent, if there has been a pattern of credit issues, or if we notify you that we will do so). there are no order minimums or long-term ordering commitments. you may suspend your membership at any time by contacting nordstrom trunk club customer support at service@trunkclub.com. to protect you and nordstrom trunk club from fraud, nordstrom trunk club may contact you from time to time to verify your identity prior to sending you a trunk. you may be asked to provide basic information about yourself to verify your member account. upon confirmation of your identity, nordstrom trunk club will send you a trunk. nordstrom trunk club reserves the rights to terminate your membership, to refuse any and all current or future use of the site or the service, and not to do business with any member or anyone else, each as nordstrom trunk club deems appropriate in its sole discretion for any reason. return policy; shipping: you may return any item from a particular trunk you receive through the service (in accordance with the instructions below and those provided with such trunk) within five (5) days after it is delivered. for free returns, any items must be returned using the pre-paid return label and box provided by nordstrom trunk club, and items must be unworn (other than “tried-on”), in their original condition and include all original tags and packaging. shipping is not available to all locations. members will not be charged fees for shipping or return shipping, except in special circumstances (where we will give you advance notice) all items you receive through the service will be shipped by a third-party carrier. your registration obligations: you may be required to register with nordstrom trunk club in order to access and use certain features of the service. if you choose to register for the service, you agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the service’s registration form. registration data and certain other information about you are governed by our privacy policy. if you are under 18 years of age, you are not authorized to use the service, with or without registering. registered account, password and security: you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, if any, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account. you agree to (a) immediately notify nordstrom trunk club of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session when accessing the service. nordstrom trunk club will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this section. modifications to service: nordstrom trunk club reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. you agree that nordstrom trunk club will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the service. general practices regarding use and storage: you acknowledge that nordstrom trunk club may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the service, including without limitation the maximum period of time that data or other content will be retained by the service and the maximum storage space that will be allotted on nordstrom trunk club’s servers on your behalf. you agree that nordstrom trunk club has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any data or other content maintained or uploaded by the service. you acknowledge that nordstrom trunk club reserves the right to terminate accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. you further acknowledge that nordstrom trunk club reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice. mobile services: the service includes certain services that are available via a mobile device, including the ability to browse the service and the site from a mobile device (collectively, the “mobile services”). to the extent you access the service through a mobile device, your wireless service carrier’s standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply. in addition, accessing or using certain mobile services may be prohibited or restricted by your carrier, and not all mobile services may work with all carriers or devices. account credits account credits ("credits"): accounts credit, previously known as referral credits expire, after 180-days of being added to the member’s nordstrom trunk club account. account credit, previously known as new member credits, expire after 90-days of being added to the new member’s nordstrom trunk club account. credits may only be redeemed online at trunkclub.com. credits are coupons issued for promotional purposes, have no cash value, cannot be exchanged for cash, and may not be used towards the purchase of gift cards or previously purchased items. if an item purchased with a referral credit or new member credit is returned, the amount of the credit will be deducted from amounts refunded to original tender. credits cannot be combined with other offers or promotions. credits cannot be resold and are otherwise non-transferrable. effective datethese terms are effective april 6, 2022 nordstrom trunk club gift card terms and conditions the following terms and conditions (the "terms") apply to the purchase and use of nordstrom trunk club gift cards and egift cards (collectively, "gift cards"). your purchase and use of the gift cards constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these terms. all gift cards are issued by nordstrom trunk club, inc. in u.s. dollars. redemption & use: gift cards are redeemable online at trunkclub.com. gift cards may not be returned or applied as payment on any account. gift cards may not be redeemed for cash except as required by law. balance inquiry: for balance inquiries and to obtain information about gift cards, visit nordstrom.com/giftcard or call 1.877.283.4045. expiration & fees: gift cards do not expire, and there are no fees associated with them. lost, damaged or stolen cards & fraud: if lost, stolen or damaged, gift cards may be replaced for the remaining value if you provide satisfactory proof of purchase. nordstrom trunk club will not be responsible if your gift card is used without your permission. title to and risk of loss for gift cards pass to the purchaser upon sale. please treat your gift card like cash and safeguard it accordingly. nordstrom trunk club and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse to accept gift cards that nordstrom trunk club suspects or believes were obtained fraudulently. limitation of liability: gift cards are provided on an “as is” basis, and nordstrom trunk club disclaims all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, with respect to the gift cards, including without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. nordstrom trunk club and it’s affiliates do not represent or warrant that your gift card will always be accessible or accepted. nordstrom trunk club and its affiliates and its vendors shall not be liable to any person or entity for any direct or indirect loss, damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive, special or otherwise), injury, claim or liability or any kind or character whatsoever based upon or resulting from the gift cards or use of such gift cards. in the event that nordstrom trunk club or its affiliates are found liable to you, your sole remedy will be to recover actual and direct damages which shall not exceed the last balance held on your gift card. certain provisions of the foregoing paragraph may not apply to consumers within the state of new jersey or in other jurisdictions where prohibited by law. dispute resolution & applicable law: in the event that our customer service team is unable to resolve your concern, any disputes arising out of your purchase or use of the gift cards or these terms will be resolved entirely through binding individual arbitration, rather than in court. you may also assert individual claims in small claims court if your claims otherwise qualify. the federal arbitration act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. note - there is no judge or jury in arbitration, no class action, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. an arbitrator, however, can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court, including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages, and must follow these terms as a court would. to begin an arbitration proceeding, you may send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent: corporate creations network inc., 3411 silverside road, tatnall building, suite 104, wilmington, de 19810. you agree that the arbitration will be conducted by either the american arbitration association ('aaa'), adr.org, 1.800.778.7879, or the judicial arbitration and mediation services ('jams'), jamsadr.com, 1.800.352.5267. you can contact aaa or jams to find out more information on how to commence an arbitration proceeding. payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the aaa's or jams' applicable rules. we will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000. likewise, nordstrom trunk club will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration. you may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location. we each agree to bring any dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not on a class, consolidated, representative or collective action basis. if for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, we each waive any right to a jury trial or to participate in a class action against the other. in addition, we both agree that we each may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. this section limits certain rights, including the right to maintain a court of action, the right to a jury trial, the right to participate in any form of class or representative claim, the right to engage in discovery except as provided in aaa or jams rules and the right to certain remedies and forms of relief. other rights that you or nordstrom trunk club would have in court also may not be available in arbitration. applicable law: the law applicable to the interpretation and construction of these terms shall be the federal arbitration act, applicable federal laws and the laws of the state of washington, usa, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, but subject to the federal arbitration act and other federal law relating to the arbitrability of claims. you agree that all matters relating to the gift cards or use of the gift cards, including all disputes, will be governed by the laws of the united states and by the laws of the state of washington. general terms: we reserve the right to make changes to these terms at any time and will provide notice of such changes if or as required by law. if any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. conditions of use user conduct: you are solely responsible for all photographs, video, images, information, data, text, software, music, sound, graphics, messages or other materials (“content”) that you upload, post, publish or display (hereinafter, “upload”) or email or otherwise use via the service. the following are examples of the kind of content and/or use that is illegal or prohibited by nordstrom trunk club. nordstrom trunk club reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in nordstrom trunk club’s sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending content from the service, suspending or terminating the account of such violators and reporting you to the law enforcement authorities. you agree to not use the service to: email or otherwise upload any content that (i) infringes any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any party; (ii) you do not have a right to upload under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (iii) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (iv) poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person; (v) constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, commercial activities and/or sales, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” “contests,” “sweepstakes,” or any other form of solicitation; (vi) is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, excessively violent, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; or (vii) in the sole judgment of nordstrom trunk club, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the service, or which may expose nordstrom trunk club or its users to any harm or liability of any type; interfere with or disrupt the service or servers or networks connected to the service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the service; or violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law; impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18; harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other users from the service by electronic or other means for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited communications; further or promote any criminal activity or enterprise or provide instructional information about illegal activities; or obtain or attempt to access or otherwise obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the service. prices, fees and billing: more information on charges, fees and payments is provided above. to receive a trunk, you will be required to provide nordstrom trunk club with information regarding your credit card or other payment instrument. you represent and warrant to nordstrom trunk club that such information is true and that you are authorized to use the payment instrument. you will promptly update your account information with any changes (for example, a change in your billing address or credit card expiration date) that may occur. you agree to pay nordstrom trunk club the styling fee and other charges incurred in accordance with this terms of service. you hereby authorize nordstrom trunk club to bill your payment instrument in accordance with this terms of service until you terminate your account, and you further agree to pay any charges so incurred. if you dispute any charges you must let nordstrom trunk club know within thirty (30) days after the date that nordstrom trunk club bills you. the current price for each item will appear on the packing list along with the trunk, when shipped to you. we may change the price we charge for a particular item (although the price of an item shipped to you will not change before the applicable try-on period is over). we reserve the right to institute fees for any portion of the service, but if we do, we will provide notice of the change before your next trunk is shipped. your continued use of the service after the fee change becomes effective constitutes your agreement to pay the changed amount. you shall be responsible for all taxes associated with the services other than u.s. taxes based on nordstrom trunk club’s net income (e.g., sales tax). special notice for international use. recognizing the global nature of the internet, you agree to comply with all local rules and laws regarding your use of the service, including as it concerns online conduct and acceptable content. commercial use: unless otherwise expressly authorized herein or in the service, you agree not to display, distribute, license, perform, publish, reproduce, duplicate, copy, create derivative works from, modify, sell, resell, exploit, transfer or upload for any commercial purposes, any portion of the service, use of the service, or access to the service. the service is for your personal use. intellectual property rights service content, software and trademarks: you acknowledge and agree that the service may contain content or features (“service content”) that are protected by copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights and laws. except as expressly authorized by nordstrom trunk club, you agree not to modify, copy, frame, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the service or the service content, in whole or in part, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own user content (as defined below) that you legally upload to the service. in connection with your use of the service you will not engage in or use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods. any use of the service or the service content other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited. the technology and software underlying the service or distributed in connection therewith is the property of nordstrom trunk club, our affiliates and our partners (the “software”). you agree not to copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any right in the software. any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by nordstrom trunk club. the trunk club name and logos are trademarks and service marks of nordstrom trunk club (collectively the “nordstrom trunk club trademarks”). other nordstrom trunk club, product, and service names and logos used and displayed via the service may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners who may or may not endorse or be affiliated with or connected to nordstrom trunk club. nothing in this terms of service or the service should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of nordstrom trunk club trademarks displayed on the service, without our prior written permission in each instance. all goodwill generated from the use of nordstrom trunk club trademarks will inure to our exclusive benefit. third party material: under no circumstances will nordstrom trunk club be liable in any way for any content or materials of any third parties (including users), including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any such content. you acknowledge that nordstrom trunk club does not pre-screen content, but that nordstrom trunk club and its designees will have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via the service. without limiting the foregoing, nordstrom trunk club and its designees will have the right to remove any content that violates these terms of service or is deemed by nordstrom trunk club, in its sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable. you agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content. user content transmitted through the service: with respect to the content or other materials you upload through the service or share with other users or recipients (collectively, “user content”), you represent and warrant that you own all right, title and interest in and to such user content, including, without limitation, all copyright and rights of publicity contained therein. by uploading any user content you hereby grant and will grant nordstrom trunk club and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your user content in connection with the operation of the service or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof, in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed. you acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the service (“submissions”) provided by you to nordstrom trunk club are non-confidential and nordstrom trunk club will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. you acknowledge and agree that nordstrom trunk club may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce these terms of service; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of nordstrom trunk club, its users and the public. you understand that the technical processing and transmission of the service, including your content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. copyright complaints: nordstrom trunk club respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you should notify nordstrom trunk club of your infringement claim in accordance with the procedure set forth below. nordstrom trunk club will process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”) and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement. a notification of claimed copyright infringement should be emailed to nordstrom trunk club’s copyright agent at kevin@trunkclub.com (subject line: “dmca takedown request”). you may also contact us by mail or facsimile at: 325 west ohio street,chicago il 60654 to be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the service, with enough detail that we may find it on the service; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf. counter-notice: if you believe that your user content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to upload and use the content in your user content, you may send a written counter-notice containing the following information to the copyright agent: your physical or electronic signature; identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled; a statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court located within northern district of california and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. if a counter-notice is received by the copyright agent, nordstrom trunk club will send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our sole discretion. repeat infringer policy: in accordance with the dmca and other applicable law, nordstrom trunk club has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at nordstrom trunk club’s sole discretion, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. nordstrom trunk club may also at its sole discretion limit access to the service and/or terminate the memberships of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. third party websites the service may provide, or third parties may provide, links or other access to other sites and resources on the internet. nordstrom trunk club has no control over such sites and resources and nordstrom trunk club is not responsible for and does not endorse such sites and resources. you further acknowledge and agree that nordstrom trunk club will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, events, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. any dealings you have with third parties found while using the service are between you and the third party, and you agree that nordstrom trunk club is not liable for any loss or claim that you may have against any such third party. social networking services you may be able to enable or log in to the service via various online third party services, such as social media and social networking services like facebook (“social networking services”). by logging in or directly integrating these social networking services into the service, we make your online experiences richer and more personalized. to take advantage of this feature and capabilities, we may ask you to authenticate, register for or log into social networking services on the websites of their respective providers. as part of such integration, the social networking services would provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to such social networking services, and we would use, store and disclose such information in accordance with this privacy policy. for more information about the implications of activating these social networking services and nordstrom trunk club’s use, storage and disclosure of information related to you and your use of such services within nordstrom trunk club (including your friend lists and the like), please see our privacy policy. however, please remember that the manner in which social networking services use, store and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of such third parties, and nordstrom trunk club shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third party site or service that may be enabled within the service. in addition, nordstrom trunk club is not responsible for the accuracy, availability or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice or statements made available in connection with social networking services. as such, nordstrom trunk club is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such social networking services. nordstrom trunk club enables these features merely as a convenience and the integration or inclusion of such features does not imply an endorsement or recommendation. indemnity and release you agree to release, indemnify and hold nordstrom trunk club and its affiliates and their officers, employees, directors and agent harmless from any from any and all losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, rights, claims, actions of any kind and injury (including death) arising out of or relating to your use of the service, any user content, your connection to the service, your violation of these terms of service or your violation of any rights of another. if you are a california resident, you waive california civil code section 1542, which says: “a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.” if you are a resident of another jurisdiction, you waive any comparable statute or doctrine. disclaimer of warranties nordstrom trunk club makes no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable, or (iv) the quality of any clothes, products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations. limitation of liability you expressly understand and agree that nordstrom trunk club will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary damages, or damages for loss of profits including but not limited to, damages for loss of goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if nordstrom trunk club has been advised of the possibility of such damages), whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; or (v) any other matter relating to the service. in no event will nordstrom trunk club’s total liability to you for all damages, losses or causes of action exceed the amount you have paid nordstrom trunk club in the last six (6) months, or, if greater, one hundred dollars ($100). certain provisions of the foregoing paragraph may not apply to consumers within the state of new jersey or in other jurisdictions where prohibited by law. if you are dissatisfied with any portion of the service or with these terms of service, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue use of the service. dispute resolution by binding arbitration please read this section carefully as it affects your rights. most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer’s satisfaction by emailing customer support at service@trunkclub.com. in the unlikely event that our customer care team is unable to resolve a complaint you may have (or if nordstrom trunk club has not been able to resolve a dispute it has with you after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes through binding arbitration, mediation, or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction. arbitration, which is often cheaper, faster and less formal than a lawsuit in court, uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury. arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. also, in any arbitration under this arbitration provision in which you seek less than $75,000 in damages, nordstrom trunk club will pay reasonable attorneys’ fees should you prevail. nordstrom trunk club will not seek attorneys’ fees from you. however, if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek more than $75,000 in damages, the payment of attorneys’ fees will be governed by the aaa rules (as defined below). any arbitration under this agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. arbitration agreement nordstrom trunk club and you agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims between us. this agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted. it includes, but is not limited to: claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory; claims that arose before this or any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising); claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and claims that may arise after the termination of this terms of service. references to "nordstrom trunk club", "you", and "us" include our respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or devices under this or prior agreements between us. notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court. this arbitration agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state or local agencies, including, for example, the federal communications commission. such agencies can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf. you agree that, by entering into this terms of service, you and nordstrom trunk club are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. this terms of service evidences a transaction in the interstate commerce, and thus the federal arbitration act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. this arbitration provision shall survive termination of this terms of service. a party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written notice of dispute ("notice"). the notice to nordstrom trunk club should be addressed to 325 west ohio street, chicago il 60654 ("notice address"). the notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought ("demand"). if nordstrom trunk club and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within sixty (60) calendar days after the notice is received, you or nordstrom trunk club may commence an arbitration proceeding. during the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by nordstrom trunk club or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or nordstrom trunk club is entitled. the arbitration will be governed by the commercial arbitration rules and the supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes (collectively, "aaa rules") of the american arbitration association (“aaa”), as modified by this terms of service, and will be administered by the aaa. the aaa rules are available online at adr.org, by calling the aaa at 1-800-778-7879, or by writing to the notice address. the arbitrator is bound by the terms of this terms of service. all issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including, but not limited to, issues relating to the scope, enforceability, and arbitrability of the arbitration provision. unless nordstrom trunk club and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in a reasonably convenient location for both parties with due consideration of their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances. if the parties are unable to agree on a location, the determination shall be made by aaa. if your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the aaa rules. if your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the aaa rules. regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. nordstrom trunk club will pay all aaa filing, administration, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration initiated in accordance with the aaa rules. however, if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek more than $75,000 in damages, the payment of these fees will be governed by the aaa rules. the arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees and expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits. the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. you and trunk club agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. further, unless both you and nordstrom trunk club agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. if this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void. notwithstanding any provision in this terms of service to the contrary, we agree that if nordstrom trunk club makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to the notice address) while you are a user of the nordstrom trunk club web site, you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within thirty (30) calendar days of the change to the arbitration notice address provided above. by rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision. termination you agree that nordstrom trunk club, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your account (or any part thereof) or use of the service and remove and discard any content within the service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if nordstrom trunk club believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these terms of service. any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your use of service, may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. nordstrom trunk club may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the service, or any part thereof, with or without notice. you agree that any termination of your access to the service under any provision of this terms of service may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that nordstrom trunk club may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the service. further, you agree that nordstrom trunk club will not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the service. user disputes you agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with any other user in connection with the service and nordstrom trunk club will have no liability or responsibility with respect thereto. nordstrom trunk club reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and any other user of the service. general these terms of service constitute the entire agreement between you and nordstrom trunk club and govern your use of the service, superseding any prior agreements between you and nordstrom trunk club with respect to the service. you also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or third-party services, third-party content or third-party software. these terms of service will be governed by the laws of the state of illinois without regard to its conflict of law provisions. with respect to any disputes or claims not subject to arbitration, as set forth above, you and nordstrom trunk club agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within chicago, illinois. the failure of nordstrom trunk club to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms of service will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. if any provision of these terms of service is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these terms of service remain in full force and effect. you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the service or these terms of service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. a printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. the section titles in these terms of service are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. the service may also provide notices to you of changes to these terms of service or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices generally on the service. your privacy at nordstrom trunk club, we respect the privacy of our users. for details please see our privacy policy. by using the service, you consent to our collection and use of personal data as outlined therein. sales tax state & local sales taxes taxes charged to your credit card will be calculated based on the applicable state and local sales taxes when your order is billed. the terms contained herein are subject to change as the taxation of online transactions is continually evolving. nordstrom trunk club strives to comply with state and local tax laws as they exist currently, and continues to monitor and update its taxation policies as those laws change. states & u.s. territory where nordstrom trunk club collects sales taxes orders shipped to ak, al, ar, az, ca, co, ct, dc, de, fl, ga, hi, ia, id, il, in, ks, ky, la, ma, md, me, mi, mn, mo, ms, nc, nd, ne, nj, nv, ny, oh, ok, or, pa, ri, sc, sd, tn, tx, ut, va, vt, wa, wv, or wy will have all applicable local and state sales taxes added to your total order. *sales tax collection in alaska as cities within alaska update their sales tax laws and ordinances to adopt the remote seller sales tax code established by the alaska remote seller sales tax commission, nordstrom, as a remote seller, may be required to collect sales tax on transactions with destination addresses within these cities. please visit the alaska remote seller sales tax commission website for more information and to learn about which cities in alaska are participating. states where nordstrom trunk club does not collect salesnordstrom trunk club does not collect sales or use taxes in all states. for states imposing sales or use taxes, your purchase may be subject to use tax unless it is specifically exempt from taxation. your purchase is not exempt merely because it is made over the internet or by other remote means. many states require purchasers to file a sales/use tax return at the end of the year reporting all of the taxable purchases that were not taxed and to pay tax on those purchases. details of how to report these taxes may be found at the websites of your respective taxing authorities. notice for california usersunder california civil code section 1789.3, users of the service from california are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 north market blvd., suite n 112, sacramento, ca 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. nordstrom trunk club may be contacted in writing at 325 west ohio street, chicago il 60654 or by telephone at (800) 385-0100. questions? concerns? suggestions? please contact us at service@trunkclub.com to report any violations of these terms of service or to pose any questions regarding this terms of service or the service. services gift cards more resources for women women's jeans essentials workwear dresses for men everyday style workout wear business casual office attire about us nordy club nordstrom corporate social responsibility diversity, inclusion, & belonging contact us nordstrom - instagram nordstrom - facebook nordstrom - twitter nordstrom - pinterest nordstrom - youtube mobile app app store google play © 2020 all rights reserved privacy do not sell my personal information terms interest‐based ads sitemap welcome have questions? we're here to chat. enter your name to get started.