来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20220604093046/https://www.trunkclub.com/faq
================================================================================

faqs (frequently asked questions) | nordstrom trunk club women women's trunks style inspiration brands for her body shape & size men men's trunks style advice brands for him how&nbspit&nbspworks faq pricing exchanges sign in get started women men home women's blog men's blog faq get started sign in have a question? the basics pricing clothing shipping & returns locations our styling team everything else search faqs by topic nordstrom trunk club - desktop the basics pricing clothing shipping & returns locations our styling team everything else frequently asked how much does nordstrom trunk club cost? how does nordstrom trunk club work? is nordstrom trunk club a subscription service? what is nordstrom trunk club's affiliation with nordstrom? can i earn nordstrom notes on nordstrom trunk club purchases? message call (800) 385-0100 chat brand closure details nordstrom trunk club is closing. as a valued nordstrom trunk club customer, we thank you and appreciate your loyalty. while we will no longer serve customers through trunks, we're still ready to take care of all your styling needs at your convenience. we offer everything from outfit inspiration to online chat with a stylist, to one-on-one appointments both in stores and online. we look forward to serving you! get started here. can i still order a trunk? if you have a trunk club account, you can request a trunk until may 31, 2022. as of june 1, 2022, new trunk requests will not be accepted or serviced. i’m interested in joining trunk club before you close. how do i sign up? as of may 24, 2022, trunk club is not accepting new customers. to get styled, book a virtual or in-store appointment through nordstrom.com with one of our stylists to discover items you love, or chat with one of our stylists online for fast, free advice. what happens to my existing trunk requests? if you have a trunk scheduled for delivery by june 7, you can still expect a preview as usual! note: due to the high volume of trunk requests at this time, you may receive your final trunk up to 5 days beyond the end of your estimated delivery window. have a trunk scheduled to deliver after june 7? reschedule your trunk to arrive on or before june 7 if you’d like to receive one last trunk before operations end. cancel your trunk request on the trunk club website or app if you do not wish to receive a final trunk. take no action and we will handle the cancelation for you! delivery delays due to the high volume of trunk requests at this time, you may receive your final trunk up to 5 days beyond the end of your estimated delivery window. what is your return policy for items purchased? if you need to return a nordstrom trunk club purchase, please do so by august 15, 2022. items in their original condition may be shipped back or returned to a nordstrom location by august 15, 2022. for assistance with a new return shipping label, message us. we apply refunds to the tender with which returned items were purchased. if we choose to provide a refund and no record of sale is available, a refund will be provided at the current price on a nordstrom gift card. due to the closure of nordstrom trunk club, unreturned purchases are considered final sale after august 15, 2022. can i still work with a stylist to create looks and find items to purchase? absolutely. book a virtual or in-store appointment with one of our stylists to discover items you love, or chat with one of our stylists online for fast, free advice. can i try items on before i buy them? you can always try items on in our store locations or during an in-person styling appointment. will i still have access to my trunk club purchase history, wardrobe and outfits? your trunk club account will be accessible through july 23, 2022. after that date, the trunk club website will become unavailable. a note for android app users: the trunk club android mobile app will no longer be available as of may 25, 2022. please visit our trunk club website to access your account and manage any upcoming trunk requests. how can i access my purchase history, wardrobe and outfits after july 23, 2022? after july 23, 2022, this information will not be accessible on the trunk club or nordstrom websites. all purchase receipts can be found in the inbox of the email address associated with your trunk club account. if you need assistance locating this information, contact customer care on or before july 23, 2022. will my trunk club purchases be recorded in my nordstrom order history? no, but you can access your trunk club purchases in your trunk club account until july 23, 2022. trunk club credit what happened to the credit on my trunk club account? any remaining credits on your trunk club account will be converted to a nordstrom gift card which you will receive in your inbox. this balance can be used on your final trunk club purchases or at any time in the future on a purchase at nordstrom or nordstrom rack. can i still use my trunk club credit to purchase items from my trunk? you can use the balance to complete trunk club purchases as well as nordstrom and nordstrom rack purchases. enter the gift card information at checkout to apply the balance to your purchase. i didn’t receive an email with my nordstrom gift card. if you have not received a nordstrom gift card in the amount of your trunk club credit balance by may 31, 2022: check your email junk folder. click here to contact customer care. gifts and gift cards how can i redeem my nordstrom gift card or my legacy nordstrom trunk club gift card? gift cards can be redeemed at checkout. gift cards may not be returned gift cards may not be redeemed for cash except as required by law. i have an unused trunk club gift card that i purchased from a trunk club clubhouse. can i apply it to a nordstrom purchase? if you have an unredeemed trunk club gift card with no printed expiration date, please contact customer care to have the balance converted to a nordstrom gift card. once converted, you can apply the balance to a nordstrom purchase. the basics how it works how does nordstrom trunk club work? nordstrom trunk club is a personal styling service. here's how it works: complete a profile and let us know your style, size and budget by taking our style quiz. you can also upload pictures of outfits you love or items you'd like us to work into your wardrobe. these things change all the time, so be sure to update your preferences as needed. request a trunk (for right now, or schedule one for later) existing customers can request a trunk and let us know what you're looking for. understanding your needs helps our styling team personalize your experience. you'll receive a preview of your trunk before it ships to see the items our stylists have selected for you, along with their advice and outfit suggestions. then you'll have 48 hours to make edits, leave feedback for our stylists or confirm the trunk as-is. you'll pay a $25 styling fee, which is credited to your purchase (and is waived for nordstrom cardmembers*). once complete, your trunk will be on its way. try everything on in the comfort of your home within 5 days. keep what you love and send the rest back. be sure to let us know how it went! your feedback on what worked (or what didn't) helps our stylists get to know you better for next time. check out online or in the app when you're ready. this is where you'll see current prices and have the opportunity to apply any nordy club rewards. exchanges and returns are always free, and you can choose the option that's most convenient. you can drop off returns at a nordstrom store or at one of the carrier's drop-off locations, or schedule a free carrier pickup to return your items using the included return shipping label (or print a new one online). how do i sign up for nordstrom trunk club? new customers cannot sign up after may 24, 2022. can people under the age of 18 use nordstrom trunk club? unfortunately, we are unable to serve individuals under the age of 18. how do i cancel my account? if you'd like to cancel an upcoming trunk, visit your trunks page. once your trunk is on the way, you will not see the option to cancel. if you need help with a trunk in progress, get in touch. from time to time, our styling team may reach out to check in with you. should you wish to opt-out of these check-ins and any future trunks, visit your account page to deactivate your account. nordstrom trunk club what is nordstrom trunk club’s affiliation with nordstrom? in august 2021, trunk club was merged into nordstrom, inc., and operations fully integrated with the nordstrom retail business. can i use a nordstrom gift card or e-gift card at nordstrom trunk club? yes, you can! nordstrom gift cards and e-gift cards can be used at trunkclub.com is nordstrom trunk club part of the nordy club? yes! for more information, check out our nordy club faq section. trunk orders how long will it take to get my trunk? on average, trunks will arrive within 7-10 business days of the trunk request. once you request a trunk, a stylist will hand-select pieces just for you and email you a trunk preview. you’ll have 48 hours to make edits to your order before it ships. once shipped, your trunk should arrive within 3-6 business days. some orders may be delivered up to 5 days beyond the estimated delivery window as we service final trunks. how long can i keep my trunk? once your trunk arrives, you'll have 5 calendar days to decide what to keep and what to send back. check out your home try-on countdown by clicking on your trunk in the app or online. you can even request up to 3 more days if needed! for more info about returns, click here. pricing credit card charges when will i be charged? the $25 styling fee is charged once your trunk ships. after we receive your returned trunk, we’ll charge you for any items you kept (less the $25 styling fee, which is credited toward your purchase). if you want to keep everything, just let us know and we’ll charge you for the entire trunk. don’t want to wait to be charged for the items you want to keep? you can also pay right away during your home try-on period using self checkout on our app. (for more information about shipping, click here.) why do i have a pending $25 charge to my credit card? this is just a temporary charge to ensure that the card is valid. the transaction will be voided from your account shortly. why do you need my credit card? we require a valid credit card on file in order to ship you merchandise. that said, you won’t be charged unless you request a trunk (a $25 styling fee is processed upon shipment) or you purchase clothing. will i be charged if i return everything in my trunk? you will not be charged for clothing returned as long as it’s in its original, unworn condition with tags still on. the $25 styling fee is non-refundable. (but remember, it is credited toward any trunk purchases you make.) the styling fee is waived if you use your nordstrom credit or debit card. price matching price matching we are able to match nordstrom pricing on our men's and women's clothing within 14 days of purchase. due to the closure of nordstrom trunk club, requests for price matching will not be accepted after august 15, 2022. styling fee what is the styling fee? we charge a $25 styling fee for every trunk. it’s non-refundable, but don’t worry—it will be credited toward any purchases you make from that trunk. the styling fee is waived if you use your nordstrom credit or debit card. the cost how much does nordstrom trunk club cost? you only pay for what you keep, so it’s up to you! there is no fee to sign up. each trunk has a $25 styling fee (waived for nordstrom cardmembers) that's credited toward your final purchase. what is the price range of nordstrom trunk club clothing? our prices typically range from $50–$300 per item. we will use your budget preferences to help guide which items we choose for you! just remember, you'll only pay for what you decide to keep. each trunk has a $25 styling fee (waived for nordstrom cardmembers) that's credited toward your final purchase. do i have to buy the entire trunk? nope! you only pay for what you keep, and you won’t be charged until we receive your returns. you also have the option to purchase items right away using the self checkout feature on our mobile app. will i get to review pricing before i receive my trunk? yes. you will receive a digital trunk preview of the items your stylist has selected for you. price is shown here. inside your trunk, there will also be a packing list with a breakdown of what items are included and the price of each. keep what you love, then send the rest back. no obligations. what is your sales tax policy? you can find the details of our sales tax policy in our terms of service. clothing alterations who do i call if i have questions about the status of my alterations? whichever nordstrom location where your alterations are being completed. will i need to pay for alterations? selected alterations on items purchased from nordstrom are free of charge, but others carry a fee. your best bet is to visit your nearest location and bring a physical or digital copy of your receipt. do i have to pick up my altered garments, or can they be shipped? either one! just make sure to communicate your preference when you drop off your garments. can i apply my nordstrom loyalty benefits if i get alterations at nordstrom? you bet! can i have my clothes altered at nordstrom rack? no, alterations are only available at nordstrom stores. do you offer alterations? yes, at all nordstrom stores. how long will it take for my alterations to be complete? it typically takes about one week, though it may extend to two weeks during holidays or major sales events. how will i be notified when my tailoring is complete? you’ll receive an email from nordstrom once your order is ready for pickup or has been shipped. brands and sizes what sizes do you carry? our size selection is roughly consistent with department stores. for men: sizing chart for women: petites through plus sizes, as well as maternity: sizing chart why don’t you have men’s pants in my inseam length? most of our menswear vendors make jeans and pants with a 34" inseam. this is so you can have them hemmed to the perfect length. hemming is a quick alteration that most tailors and dry cleaners can take care of for $10–$15. if you need a hand finding a good tailor nearby, we'd be happy to help. selected alterations are also complimentary at nordstrom locations. what brands does nordstrom trunk club carry? we carry top-quality men’s and women’s clothing for everything from the workweek to the weekends. if there’s anything specific you’re looking for, just let us know when you request a trunk. nordstrom trunk club custom do you offer custom suiting? made-to-measure services are available at nordstrom locations for selected styles from participating men’s suiting brands, including hart schaffner marx, hickey freeman, canali and more. whether you're looking for a tailored fit or want to choose your own design, our made-to-measure suits are personalized to your needs. you choose the style, fabric, pattern and details. your measurements are taken and applied to the pattern. your suit is made and when it's ready, you'll come in for a final fitting and adjustments. find a store near you for more details. style swipes what is style swipes? style swipes is an easy way to give our stylists a better sense of your preferences. simply swipe left or right on images to help inform our team. helping us learn what you like and don't like helps to make your trunks more personalized. how do i access style swipes? you can find style swipes in the nordstrom trunk club ios app or at trunkclub.com in your customer profile. you can also visit www.trunkclub.com/styleswipes to start swiping. will my stylist see my style swipe feedback? absolutely! all the feedback you share on style swipes is stored in your customer profile for reference. rest assured, these preference are being used to ensure we select the best items for your next trunk. what does it mean if i swipe left (thumbs down) or swipe right (thumbs up) on an item? if you swipe left or give a piece a thumbs down, it means this is something you wouldn’t wear or buy. we’ll keep this in mind when packing your next trunk. if you swipe right or give a thumbs up, we’ll see what you love and what you might be interested in trying (or already own!). we’ll look for similar styles for your next trunk. if you’re on the fence, make a quick choice and go with your gut! while we will get individual item feedback, we’ll also use this information to get a better complete view of your style. i loved something i saw in my style swipes! how can i make sure it is included in my next trunk? we can't always send you the exact item, but share this information (and images) in your trunk request and we'll do our best to either send that item or send something similar. your picks what are your picks? your picks allows you to select up 3 additional items to be included in your trunk. these items are in addition to anything your stylist already curated for you. your picks items are most commonly everyday basics, undergarments, or finishing touches like jewelry, accessories and more. do i have to pay for your picks items in advance? nope! these items will be included in your trunk and will be treated to nordstrom trunk club’s traditional at-home try on experience. you’ll have 5 days to choose what you want to keep and send back the rest. you’ll be charged for what you keep after we receive the trunk. if i keep a piece from your picks, will it be listed in my wardrobe? absolutely! in fact, our stylists are likely to provide suggestions for incorporating these items complete, which you’ll find in wardrobe. be on the lookout for how to pair a statement earring with that blouse from your last trunk or getting the perfect match between your shirts and the new tie you selected. i didn’t see any your picks items. what happened? to see your picks, make sure your nordstrom trunk club profile is up to date with your sizing info. if you’re on a trunk schedule and don’t usually interact with your trunk preview before it ships, you won’t have the opportunity to choose your picks. shipping & returns fedex pickup and drop off how do i schedule a pickup? the same day you receive your trunk, you’ll receive an email for scheduling a free fedex pickup. once you’ve tried everything on, simply pack your returns in the trunk with the tape strips and prepaid return label provided. pickups are usually available the next business day. you can also schedule a pickup in the nordstrom trunk club app. where can i drop off my returns? you can drop off your trunk at one of fedex's thousands of drop off locations. click here to find a location near you.trunks can also be dropped off at a nordstrom store. click here to find a location near you. trunks cannot be returned to nordstrom rack stores. how do i get a new return shipping label? your trunk return emails contain a link to your free return shipping label. you can also find it here once you complete checkout. if you need help, get in touch. can i track the shipment of my trunk? once your trunk ships, you’ll receive a notification email with tracking information. you can also track your shipment on the nordstrom trunk club app. free return policy how do i return a trunk? there are three ways available to return your trunk: drop off at fedex, drop off at a nordstrom store, scheduled a fedex pick up. take your trunk to one of fedex's thousands of drop off locations. click here to find a location near you. take your trunk and nordstrom trunk club receipt to a nordstrom store. bring all items to the service bar and a nordstrom employee will take it from there! please note that processing will occur once your trunk gets back to our fulfillment center. trunks cannot be returned to nordstrom rack stores. click here to find a location near you. schedule a fedex pick up. the same day you receive your trunk, you’ll receive an email for scheduling a free pickup. once you’ve tried everything on, simply pack your returns in the trunk with the tape strips and prepaid return label provided. pickups are usually available the next business day. you can also schedule a pickup in the nordstrom trunk club app. what if i can’t return the trunk within five days of delivery? no problem. simply click on your trunk in the app or online to see your home try-on countdown, and request up to 3 more days! if 3 more days aren't enough, just get in touch. what is your return policy for items purchased? if you need to return a nordstrom trunk club purchase, please do so by august 15, 2022. items in their original condition may be shipped back or returned to a nordstrom location by august 15, 2022. for assistance with a new return shipping label, message us. we apply refunds to the tender with which returned items were purchased. if we choose to provide a refund and no record of sale is available, a refund will be provided at the current price on a nordstrom gift card. due to the closure of nordstrom trunk club, unreturned purchases are considered final sale after august 15, 2022. can i wear the clothes and then send them back? make sure to try everything on at home, but don’t wear them out unless you intend to purchase them. any items that are worn, damaged or have tags removed will be charged to your account. free shipping policy what does shipping cost? shipping and returns are free in all 50 states. how do i exchange a product for another size? you can make size and color exchanges directly in the app or online during the checkout process. items will be shipped and billed separately. returns can also be processed in store at all nordstrom locations (with the exception of nordstrom rack). what if i’m keeping everything in my trunk? simply complete the checkout process and we'll email you a receipt. no need to return the trunk, it’s yours to repurpose, reuse or recycle. in the meantime, sit back, relax and wait for everyone to tell you how amazing you look. international & po box shipping do you ship internationally? currently, we only ship within the u.s., including hawaii and alaska. do you ship to canada? not currently. do you ship to po boxes? we are unable to ship to po, fpo, apo and dpo boxes, but we are able to ship to an alternate us address (such as a home or office). you can also message us to have your trunk held at a carrier location. locations clubhouse information we're relocating our in-person clubhouse styling experience into our nearby nordstrom stores. this shift enables us to give you a better experience and provide access to a greater selection of merchandise in an exciting environment where you can still meet with a stylist. click here to find a location and schedule an appointment! our styling team who we are who are nordstrom trunk club stylists? nordstrom trunk club stylists are a team of fashion and style experts who understand that the right wardrobe can help you land the job, feel more confident or simply free up time for more important things than shopping. and yes, they're real people with diverse backgrounds ready to serve both women and men for any need, occasion or styling challenge. but i can shop for myself. why do i need a stylist? a nordstrom trunk club stylist does a lot more than shop for you. they help you determine which colors and shapes look best on you, and show you how to incorporate modern styles with timeless ones. have an interview, date or special occasion coming up? they'll give you advice on what to wear. most importantly, they can help you build a cohesive wardrobe that makes the most of each piece. it's easy to put together great looks every day when your closet is stocked with versatile styles you love to wear. where does the styling team get the clothes? since our acquisition by nordstrom in 2014, we’re powered by one of the world’s best retailers. everything else accessibility is the nordstrom trunk club site accessible? nordstrom trunk club is committed to making our website content accessible and user-friendly to everyone. if you are having difficulty viewing or navigating the content on this site, or notice any content, feature, or functionality that you believe is not fully accessible to people with disabilities, please call our customer service team at 1-800-385-0100, or message us. include “customer accessibility” in the subject line, and provide a description of the specific feature you feel is not fully accessible or a suggestion for improvement. we take your feedback seriously and will consider it as we evaluate ways to accommodate all of our customers and our overall accessibility policies. additionally, while we do not control such vendors, we strongly encourage vendors of third-party digital content to provide content that is accessible and user friendly. careers how do i work at nordstrom? whether you're in sales or stock, alterations or management, or are part of the behind-the-scenes glue that holds it all together, we're all obsessed with serving our customers and, of course, fashion. we're always looking for great people, so if you're interested in learning more about a career with us, visit us at careers.nordstrom.com. covid-19 information nordstrom covid-19 update. see details here. i have covid-19 and recently received an order from nordstrom trunk club. can i still return merchandise i don’t want or do i need to keep it? please return any merchandise that didn’t work for you. we have processes in place to ensure we assess returns to confirm they’re clean and able to be put back on our sales floor. based on guidance from the world health organization (who), the likelihood of commercial goods being contaminated is low. currently there is no evidence showing covid-19 has been transmitted through merchandise or imported goods. is the merchandise in your trunks safe to touch/buy/wear? based on guidance from the world health organization (who), there is likely very low risk of the virus spreading from products or packaging. currently there is no evidence showing covid-19 has been transmitted through merchandise or imported goods. nordstrom trunk club + the nordy club what is the nordy club? the nordy club is the nordstrom rewards program, giving you rewards, fashion access, exclusive services and amazing experiences. nordy club members also earn points that add up to nordstrom notes that can be redeemed toward purchases of qualifying items online and in stores at nordstrom, nordstrom rack, nordstrom local and nordstrom trunk club. how do i earn nordy club points? start shopping and just tell us that you’re a nordy club member each time you make a purchase, or use your nordstrom card at checkout. for more details on how to self-identify as a nordy club member at our nordstrom locations, click here. can i earn nordstrom notes on nordstrom trunk club purchases? yes! all nordy club members and nordstrom cardholders can earn points that add up to notes on ready-to-wear purchases made in trunks, and nordstrom stores. nordy club members cannot earn points on made-to-measure, stock sizing and gift card purchases unless they use their nordstrom credit card. can i earn nordy club points on gift card purchases? you will only earn points on gift card purchases if the purchase is made with a nordstrom card. what are nordstrom notes and how do i use them? a nordstrom note is generally awarded upon reaching certain point accumulation thresholds or by meeting certain other qualification requirements during special promotions. nordstrom notes can be redeemed toward the purchase of merchandise in stores and online at nordstrom, nordstrom rack, nordstrom local and online at trunkclub.com. for more information on nordstrom notes and how to use them, click here. how do i use my nordstrom note at nordstrom trunk club? to redeem your nordstrom note at nordstrom trunk club, simply enter your note’s reward number and access code online or in the nordstrom trunk club app during checkout. how do i get access to my nordy club rewards benefits? you can get information about your nordy club account, rewards and benefits in the following ways: sign in to your nordy club account at nordstrom.com or nordstromrack.com sign in to your nordstrom card account at nordstromcard.com download the nordstrom app call us at 1.888.262.6060 ask any salesperson whenever you visit our stores for more details on how you can check your rewards balance, click here.' where in my nordstrom trunk club account can i see my rewards benefits and/or find my nordstrom notes? are nordstrom trunk club purchases eligible for nordy club bonus points? certain qualifying nordstrom trunk club purchases are eligible for bonus points if you use one of your personal double points days. as an influencer, ambassador and icon member, you qualify for these benefits. to apply a personal double points day to your trunk order, activate your personal double points day and then use self-checkout to pay for items on the same day. who can join the nordy club and how? joining is free. membership in the nordy club is available to any united states resident who is eighteen (18) years old and provides valid and accurate personal information when joining. corporations, groups and associations are not eligible to participate in the nordy club. for more details on how to join, click here. apply and be approved as a nordstrom credit cardmember to unlock more benefits like early access to anniversary sale. subject to credit approval. nordstrom trunk club referral program do you still offer the nordstrom trunk club referral program? the referral program is no longer available effective april 6, 2022. see terms & conditions close message us name first last email what is your question about what is your question about? my account stylists payment shipping & returns clubhouses, appointments & alterations custom clothing gift cards other my account subcategory tell us what your account question is about signup, passwords, & login update sizes & preferences website & app support trunk preview referrals cancel my account other stylist subcategory tell us what your stylist question is about provide feedback on my stylist try a new stylist request a specific stylist other payment subcategory tell us what your payment question is about cancel my trunk update my payment method styling fee price matching question about my receipt i'm keeping my entire trunk other shipping & returns subcategory tell us what your shipping & returns question is about cancel my trunk update my shipping address hold my trunk at a ups location ups pickups return shipping labels help locate my trunk issue with items in my trunk i need more time with my trunk i need to return an item i purchased other clubhouses, appointments, & alterations subcategory tell us what your clubhouses, appointments, & alterations question is about clubhouses appointments alterations other custom clothing subcategory tell us what your custom clothing question is about order status shipping payment other message do not fill this out thanks for reaching out. services gift cards more resources for women women's jeans essentials workwear dresses for men everyday style workout wear business casual office attire about us nordy club nordstrom corporate social responsibility diversity, inclusion, & belonging contact us nordstrom - instagram nordstrom - facebook nordstrom - twitter nordstrom - pinterest nordstrom - youtube mobile app app store google play © 2020 all rights reserved privacy do not sell my personal information terms interest‐based ads sitemap welcome have questions? we're here to chat. enter your name to get started.