来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121010075002/http://www.acmetools.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/CareersView?langId=-1&storeId=10052&catalogId=10101
================================================================================

power tools, woodworking tools, cordless tools from dewalt, makita, milwaukee and others at acmetools.com [headertopright] home request a catalog about acme find a location customer service advanced search shop by category shop by brand shop by trade hot smokin deals whats new close popular categories air compressors air tools as seen on tv bare tools bench & stationary machinery clearance cordless tools generators gift ideas hot smokin' deals lasers & transit level pneumatic tools power tools rebates reconditioned tools shop acme tools what's new view all categories close popular brands bosch bostitch carhartt dewalt delta fein festool freud generac general intl hitachi honda irwin jet makita milwaukee porter cable powermatic rolair stiletto toro weber weather guard werner yamaha view all brands close shop by trade concrete & masonry drywall & plastering electrical finish & trim carpentry flooring framing heating & cooling landscaping metal working plumbing roofing siding tiling woodworking view all trades my cart $0.00 my wish list sign in careers print page to apply for a position download and complete our job applications then return it to us. [careersjobappemailespot] email:jobs@acmetools.comfax:701-746-2894 [careersjobappaddressespot] us mail:human resourcesacme toolsp.o. box 13720grand forks, nd 58208 open positions [careersjobopeningsespot] bismarck, nd inventory planner - bismarck, nd manager of rental & service - bismarck, nd rental associate - bismarck, nd rental supervisor - bismarck, nd tool sales - bismarck, nd territory sales - bismarck, nd cedar rapids, ia territory sales - cedar rapids, ia des moines, ia electric service technician - des moines, ia duluth, mn service technician - duluth, mn territory sales - duluth, mn grand forks, nd electric service technician - grand forks, nd manager of rental & service - grand forks, nd warehouse supervisor - grand forks, nd warranty/returns associate - grand forks, nd minot, nd cdl driver - minot, nd equipment sales - minot, nd large equipment technician - minot, nd rental associate - minot, nd rental supervisor - minot, nd territory sales - minot, nd tool sales - minot, nd warehouse associate - minot, nd plymouth, mn tool sales pt + ft - plymouth, mn williston, nd administrative assistant - williston, nd general manager - williston, nd inventory planner - williston, nd service technician - williston, nd showroom supervisor - williston, nd territory sales - williston, nd tool sales - williston, nd warehouse associate - williston, nd warehouse supervisor - williston, nd [careersjobopenings1espot] tool sales assist customers with the selection and purchase of specialized products, conduct product research, sales proposals, and merchandising. requires previous sales experience, excellent customer service and computer skills, and tool and equipment knowledge return to topwarehouse associate receive/unload/check-in products, deliveries, prepare orders, and warehouse upkeep. requires driver’s license with a clean driving record, computer experience, and ability to lift 50 lbs. on a continuous basis. return to toplarge equipment technicians analyze, service, and repair large construction and rental equipment including forklifts, scissor, and boom lifts. mechanical experience in dc voltage controls, hydraulics, gas and diesel required. requires driver’s license with a clean driving record, and the ability to lift up to 75 lbs. return to toprental associate transport equipment; performing light maintenance, cleaning, and checking in equipment; loading/unloading; product placement; rental sales; and some deliveries. requires driver’s license with a clean driving record, computer experience, and ability to lift 50 lbs. on a continuous basis. return to toprental supervisor responsible for overseeing rental department operations including employee performance and scheduling; coordinating rental contracts; provide rental service support and customer service; manage vehicle and equipment maintenance; and assist with budget preparation and forecasting. requires driver’s license with a clean driving record, computer experience, and ability to lift 50 lbs. on a continuous basis. return to topservice technician repair a variety of equipment (pneumatic, cordless, & power tools). individual will also analyze, service, and repair a variety of gas-powered equipment, 2 & 4 stroke engines, and similar equipment. individual will assist with assembling chainsaws, lawnmowers, and other outdoor power equipment. requires mechanical aptitude, previous related experience, driver's license with a clean driving record, and ability to lift up to 70 lbs return to topequipment sales assist customers with the selection and purchase of hand tools, power tools, lawn and garden equipment, contractor equipment; grow business relationships; conduct product research; prepare sales proposals; and merchandise products; excellent customer service and computer skills; ability to lift 50 lbs; willingness to work outdoors as well as indoors; and previous sales experience required; familiarity with construction equipment and methods preferred. return to topinformation technology coordinator perform professional, technical and administrative work in planning, developing, designing, organizing, implementing, and maintaining acme’s technical resources. examples of technology responsibilities include security cameras, gps, mobile phones, phone systems, photocopiers, printers and data lines. bachelor’s degree in business computer systems or equivalent experience and 5+ years experience in evaluating and implementing technologies in a fast-paced business environment. return to top [careersjobopenings2espot] inside sales supervisor direct, lead, supervise, and review inside sales related tasks under the direction of the assistant or general manager. assign, organize, and train inside sales associates. directly assist primary customers and expedite the sale of specialized products. return to topelectric service technician diagnose, service, and repair a variety of equipment (pneumatic, cordless, electric and stationary) position will make service calls to repair equipment onsite as needed. requires driver’s license with a clean driving record, computer experience, and ability to lift 50 lbs. on a continuous basis. return to toprental associate perform light maintenance, cleaning, and checking in equipment; loading/unloading; product placement; rental sales; and some deliveries. requires driver’s license with a clean driving record, computer experience, and ability to lift 50 lbs return to top warehouse supervisor oversee all warehouse operations of our store. duties will include supervision of staff; loading and unloading stock; deliveries; preparing orders for shipment; warehouse upkeep; and inventory preparation. requires demonstrated leadership experience in a warehouse environment; excellent communication, delegation, organization, and computer skills; valid driver’s license with clean driving record; and ability to lift 50 lbs.return to topinventory planner manage inventory through procurement of products, maintaining optimum inventory turns, and coordination of physical inventories. responsible for office functions such as spreadsheets, cash reconciliation and travel arrangements. requires knowledge of ibs purchasing and inventory control application and practices, previous related experience, and excellent customer service and computer skillsreturn to top [careersjobopenings3espot] territory sales responsible for the sale and product support of industrial, construction, and residential construction equipment. position requires two years of related outside sales experience, excellent communication skills, tool/equipment knowledge, and valid driver’s license with clean driving record. prefer experience working with general and hvac contractors, industrial businesses, and home building/remodeling customers. ideal candidate would possess a resilient and persistent sales personality to run his/her own territory and make cold calls. return to toprental sales demonstrate, inspect, and maintain equipment; process rental orders; clean, load/unload equipment; and make deliveries. requires strong customer service, computer, and multi-tasking skills; mechanical aptitude; knowledge of tools and construction equipment; a valid driver's license with a clean driving record; and ability to lift up to 70 lbs. return to topcdl driver transport tools and equipment; load /unload; and conduct light maintenance on vehicles. requires a class a cdl with a clean driving record; previous experience; mechanical aptitude; and ability to lift 50 lbs. return to topparts associate assist customers with selecting and ordering parts. duties also include receiving, pricing, and stocking parts in the service area. requires excellent customer service and computer skills and ability to lift 50 lbs. . return to topmanager of rental & service establish, control, and oversee all rental and service activities. assess financial reports including billing and inventory documents, productivity measurements, and budget analysis. lead, mentor, and directly supervise rental and service supervisors including interviewing, hiring and training employees: planning, assigning and directing work; and appraising performance. assist customers in the rental and service departments, as needed. requires bachelor’s degree in a business field or equivalent experience and 3 + years successful supervisory experience effectively communicating, and coaching. return to toprental sales associate assist customers in the selection and purchase of rental products, conduct demonstrations, load/unload equipment, and make deliveries. duties also include assisting in parts. requires driver’s license with a clean driving record, computer experience, and ability to lift 50 lbs. on a continuous basis. return to topwarehouse associate receive/unload/check-in products, deliveries, prepare orders, and warehouse upkeep. requires driver’s license with a clean driving record, computer experience, and ability to lift 50 lbs. on a continuous basis. return to toprental associate perform light maintenance, cleaning, and checking in equipment; loading/unloading; product placement; rental sales; and some deliveries. requires driver’s license with a clean driving record, computer experience, and ability to lift 50 lbs. return to top electric service technician analyze , service, and repair a variety of equipment (pneumatic, cordless, & power tools). individual will service and repair hot water pressure washers and air compressors and other equipment as needed. position requires mechanical/electrical background, analytic skills, and ability to lift up to 50lbs return to top [careersjobopenings4espot] warranty/returns associate receive and process returned products and damages; restock undamaged and returned products; work with ecommerce team to credit customers; process returns to vendors. requires functional knowledge of ups and federal express shipping procedures; general knowledge of vendor policies regarding returns; strong communication skills; ability to prioritize in a face paced environment; and strong computer and organization skills. return to top administrative assistant - williston, nd now hiring for grand opening august, 2013. temporary housing is available for employee to assist with relocation. candidates need to be able to begin training in minot/bismarck prior to the grand opening in williston; housing/allowances provided to employee for training. duties for this position include: preparing spreadsheets, bank deposits and till reports; reconciling cash; ordering parts; and various other office functions. position requires prior administrative office experience; including working knowledge of microsoft office software (word, excel, & powerpoint). return to topgeneral manager - williston, nd now hiring for grand opening august, 2013. temporary housing is available for employee to assist with relocation. candidates need to be able to begin training in minot/bismarck prior to the grand opening in williston; housing/allowances provided to employee for training. individual will oversee all operations in our williston, nd location to include sales, customer relations, service, repair, and warehousing within and for our store. this individual will be responsible for establishing, controlling and supervising store activities; and will develop and implement goals to meet strategic planning and profitability objectives. return to topinventory planner - williston, nd now hiring for grand opening august, 2013. temporary housing is available for employee to assist with relocation. candidates need to be able to begin training in minot/bismarck prior to the grand opening in williston; housing/allowances provided to employee for training. duties for this position include: assist in managing inventory through procurement of products; maintain optimum inventory turns; act as a location contact for coordination of physical inventories; work with and take direction from corporate purchasing department; prepare monthly reports for cycle counts and pick-lists counts; dispose of excess, defective, or obsolete inventory; and troubleshoot quantity discrepancies; prepare spreadsheets, deposits, and till reports; and reconcile cash. requires excellent customer service, communication, and computer skills; functional knowledge of purchasing and inventory control practices; functional knowledge of sales process and procedures; and previous purchasing/product management and microsoft office experience. return to topservice technician - williston, nd now hiring for grand opening august, 2013. temporary housing is available for employee to assist with relocation. candidates need to be able to begin training in minot/bismarck prior to the grand opening in williston; housing/allowances provided to employee for training. duties for this position include: analyze, service, and repair large construction and rental equipment including forklifts, scissor, and boom lifts. mechanical experience in dc voltage controls, hydraulics, gas and diesel required. must have valid drivers license with a clean driving record, and the ability to lift up to 75 lbs. return to top [careersjobopenings5espot] territory sales - williston, nd now hiring for grand opening august, 2013. temporary housing is available for employee to assist with relocation. individual will begin working immediately, beginning with training in minot/bismarck; housing/allowances provided to employee for training. individual will be responsible for the sale and product support of industrial, construction, and residential construction equipment in grand forks and north-western minnesota. position requires two years of related outside sales experience, excellent communication skills, tool/equipment knowledge, and valid driver’s license with clean driving record. prefer experience working with general and hvac contractors, industrial businesses, and home building/remodeling customers. ideal candidate would possess a resilient and persistent sales personality to run his/her own territory and make cold calls. return to top showroom supervisor - williston, nd now hiring for grand opening august, 2013. temporary housing is available for employee to assist with relocation. candidates need to be able to begin training prior to grand opening in minot/bismarck; housing/allowances provided to employee for training. duties for this position include: oversee sales staff functions; assist with hiring and training new employees; conduct performance reviews; prepare staff schedules; handle customer issues; review quotations; merchandise the sales floor; and update pricing and product literature. requires excellent sales and computer skills, supervisory experience, tool and equipment knowledge, and understanding of sales, marketing, and pricing policies and procedures. return to top warehouse supervisor - williston, nd now hiring for grand opening august, 2013. temporary housing is available for employee to assist with relocation. candidates need to be able to begin training prior to grand opening in minot/bismarck; housing/allowances provided to employee for training. individual will oversee all warehouse operations of our store. these duties will include loading and unloading of stock, deliveries, preparing orders, warehouse upkeep, and supervision of staff. requirements: warehouse and supervisory experience, excellent communication and computer skills, valid driver’s license with clean driving record, and ability to lift 50 lbs. return to top tool sales - williston, nd now hiring for grand opening august, 2013. temporary housing is available for employee to assist with relocation. candidates need to be able to begin training prior to grand opening in minot/bismarck; housing/allowances provided to employee for training. duties for this position include: assist customers with the selection and purchase of specialized products, conduct product research, sales proposals, and merchandising. requires previous sales experience, excellent customer service and computer skills, and tool and equipment knowledge return to top warehouse associate - williston, nd now hiring for grand opening august, 2013. temporary housing is available for employee to assist with relocation. candidates need to be able to begin training prior to grand opening in minot/bismarck; housing/allowances provided to employee for training. duties for this position include: receive/unload/check-in products, deliveries, prepare orders, and warehouse upkeep. requires driver’s license with a clean driving record, computer experience, and ability to lift 50 lbs. on a continuous basis. return to top [careerscultureandbenefits] our cultureacme tools' success is based largely on its able and dedicated work force. we look for self-motivated, forward-thinking individuals to join us in our continued success. to reward the superior effort given by acme employees, we make every effort to provide a rewarding and satisfying place of employment through competitive pay and benefits, ongoing training, and the opportunity to advance. in addition, we continually strive to provide a clean, safe, and respectful work environment for all of our employees.at acme tools, we pride ourselves on a diverse employee population in a variety of positions including inside and outside sales; rental and parts; electric, gas, and heavy equipment technicians; warehouse associates and drivers; managers and supervisors; and administrative personnel. in addition, our corporate offices offer a variety of positions in accounting, marketing, human resources, information systems, and purchasing.our benefits benefits offered include: health insurance life and short term disability insurance paid time off paid holidays 401(k) plan employee discounts flexible spending accounts voluntary insurance products shop by category air compressors bench & stationary cordless tools pneumatic tools power tools view all > shop by brand bosch delta dewalt makita milwaukee view all > shop by trade concrete & masonry finish & trim carpentry framing roofing woodworking view all > company info about acme careers locations faq acme resources customer service contact us request catalog request quote terms and conditions privacy policy sitemap check my browser settings email newsletter join our mailing list