来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20130805212331/http://www.acmetools.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/PrivacyPolicyView?langId=-1&storeId=10052&catalogId=10101
================================================================================

power tools, woodworking tools, cordless tools from dewalt, makita, milwaukee and others at acmetools.com [headertopright] home request a catalog about acme find a location customer service advanced search shop by category shop by brand shop by trade hot smokin deals whats new close popular categories air compressors air tools as seen on tv bare tools bench & stationary machinery clearance cordless tools generators gift ideas hot smokin' deals lasers & transit level pneumatic tools power tools rebates reconditioned tools shop acme tools what's new view all categories close popular brands bosch bostitch carhartt dewalt delta fein festool freud generac general hitachi honda irwin jet makita milwaukee porter cable powermatic rol-air stiletto toro weber weather guard werner yamaha view all brands close shop by trade concrete & masonry drywall & plastering electrical finish & trim carpentry flooring framing heating & cooling landscaping metal working plumbing roofing siding tiling woodworking view all trades my cart $0.00 my wish list sign in [privacypolicyespot] acme tools respects your right to privacy and is committed to protecting our customer's personal information. this privacy policy details the following practices regarding information collection, use and disclosure practices for this web site (http://www.acmetools.com): what information does acmetools.com collect from you, where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?with whom do we share your information?how can you update, correct or delete your personally identifiable information?what are your choices regarding collection, use and distribution of your information?what security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?use of "cookies." contacting acmetools.com about privacy questions or concerns.changes to this privacy policy. what personal information do we gather? when you visit this web site, you may provide acmetools.com with two types of information: personal information you knowingly and voluntarily choose to disclose, and information that we automatically collect as you browse this web site.information you voluntarily submit - we collect and store any information you enter on this web site, or provide to acmetools.com in other contacts we have with you. information is collected from visitors to this web site, including in the areas described below, as applicable. during the on-line ordering process, you can review, change, or delete personally identifiable information that you have submitted. you may change any of your personally identifiable information in your account online at any time. you may request to have the information on your account deleted or removed, although you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. placing orders - when you order from acmetools.com, we collect personally identifiable information from you. if you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information, order number, referring url, ip address and a password. we collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials. before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains. these changes will be automatically kept for future use. shopping and web site registration - we collect ip addresses for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information, to enable ads to be served on this web site, to report non-personally identifiable information to our advertisers, and to monitor the level of activity on this web site. we collect information from visitors to this web site regarding the urls they came from, their ip addresses, domain types, the browser type used to come to this web site, the country, state and telephone area code where their servers are located, the pages of this web site that visitors viewed during their visit, and any search terms entered on this web site.employment applications - some areas of this web site may allow you to submit information related to job opportunities with acme tools. please note that your submission of such information may be further governed by specific provisions that appear on any applicable employment opportunities sections of this web site. [privacypolicyespot1] gift certificates - if you purchase a gift certificate from this website, you will give acmetools.com the recipient’s name, mailing information and phone number for the recipient. the recipient information you give acmetools.com will only be used to send the gift certificate and for no other purpose.online surveys - in order to improve our services to you, we ask some of our customers to voluntarily complete surveys, which may be collected by an independent third party. individual survey answers are confidential, although non-personally identifiable information is collected and disclosed to third parties. if you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline to participate when asked.contests and sweepstakes - when you enter a contest or other promotion, we may ask you for contact information such as your name, address and e-mail address in order to administer the contest, to send you promotional e-mails, notify winners and make the winner's list publicly available pursuant to certain state's laws. your consent to such promotional use and disclosure of this information is a condition of your participation. as a condition of receiving any prize, you will be required to submit an eligibility affidavit, for acmetools.com to ensure that you are eligible to receive the prize according to the contest rules. contact information - if you contact acmetools.com customer service representatives by telephone, e-mail or letter, we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments. if you report a problem with this web site, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. if you contact acmetools.com through our feedback area or by calling one of our customer service representatives, we may ask for your name and e-mail address in order to send you a reply. if other users or third parties send acmetools.com correspondence about your activities or purchases on this web site, we may keep the information in a file specific to you. we use a third party to help acmetools.com provide customer service. in order to help you most effectively, we provide them with your order information.extended warranty information - our warranty programs are administered by a third party warranty company. when you purchase a warranty on a product or service, we submit your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, warranty purchased and product purchased to the warranty company. advertising - we may display advertisements on this web site in the form of targeted banners and promotions. acmetools.com takes the advertisement and includes it in an acmetools.com e-mail to prior customers meeting certain criteria. we may also display ads linked to certain search terms that you have entered, or to certain pages that you are viewing. in this process, advertisers never have access to individual account information; only acmetools.com has access to individual's accounts. additionally, acmetools.com may share aggregated data with advertisers.newsletters - we offer free newsletters and promotional e-mails as a service to our customers. we will send you newsletters and e-mails periodically listing current specials and deals. to stop receiving our newsletter, send an e-mail to us at optout@acmetools.com. [privacypolicyespot2] information collected and stored automatically. when you browse this web site, you and your web browser may also transmit information that we automatically collect. we do log your ip address (the internet address of your computer), the web pages you visit and the time of your visit, and other click-stream data. this information may be combined with other personal information you have provided. the only other type of information automatically provided to acmetools.com is the type of computer, operating system and browser you are using. this information is provided by your browser, which we use to improve the performance of this web site and make it more compatible with the technology used by the visitors of this web site. we may also place small data files, called "cookies" in the browser file of your computer's hard drive. these cookies automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with this web site. we use the cookies to record web site statistics. most browsers automatically accept the cookies, but you usually can change your browser setting to prevent the acceptance of cookies. certain web pages will not function properly if you choose not to accept cookies. how do we use your personal information? we use your personal information to communicate with you if and when necessary in connection with your use of this web site, to respond to your questions, or to send you material and information you request. we may also use your personal information to: personalize your web site experience and to allow acmetools.com to deliver the type of content and product information in which you are most interested; process your orders for products and services; consider your suggestions; possibly respond directly to you for clarification of questions raised; process your request for materials or information; try to answer any questions you may have; register you for an event, contest or sweepstakes, if you request it; provide you with e-mail messages and other information regarding upcoming events, new services and general information about our products and services and those of our select business partners. you may elect not to receive these communications, either when you initially register at this web site, or at any time thereafter. see the section of this privacy statement called "choice/opt out" we may also use collected information in order to help diagnose problems with this web site. we may use all information we collect to analyze statistical use patterns and demographic data (basically, where our visitors come from and what demographic characteristics they have) and to improve this web site to better serve our customers. we use your ip address to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer this web site. your ip address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. we may also prepare and keep statistical records and other data about you and other users of this web site, but we do that in a way that does not identify you or any other user personally. we may hire third parties to help acmetools.com collect and analyze such data, and we may share such statistical data with third parties. again, such statistical data will not specifically identify you or any other user. we use this information to help us make this web site more useful to visitors - to learn about the number of visitors to this web site, what part of this web site they are interested in, how long they use this web site, and the types of technology our visitors use. privacy policy [privacypolicyespot] acme tools respects your right to privacy and is committed to protecting our customer's personal information. this privacy policy details the following practices regarding information collection, use and disclosure practices for this web site (http://www.acmetools.com): what information does acmetools.com collect from you, where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?with whom do we share your information?how can you update, correct or delete your personally identifiable information?what are your choices regarding collection, use and distribution of your information?what security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?use of "cookies." contacting acmetools.com about privacy questions or concerns.changes to this privacy policy. what personal information do we gather? when you visit this web site, you may provide acmetools.com with two types of information: personal information you knowingly and voluntarily choose to disclose, and information that we automatically collect as you browse this web site.information you voluntarily submit - we collect and store any information you enter on this web site, or provide to acmetools.com in other contacts we have with you. information is collected from visitors to this web site, including in the areas described below, as applicable. during the on-line ordering process, you can review, change, or delete personally identifiable information that you have submitted. you may change any of your personally identifiable information in your account online at any time. you may request to have the information on your account deleted or removed, although you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. placing orders - when you order from acmetools.com, we collect personally identifiable information from you. if you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information, order number, referring url, ip address and a password. we collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials. before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains. these changes will be automatically kept for future use. shopping and web site registration - we collect ip addresses for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information, to enable ads to be served on this web site, to report non-personally identifiable information to our advertisers, and to monitor the level of activity on this web site. we collect information from visitors to this web site regarding the urls they came from, their ip addresses, domain types, the browser type used to come to this web site, the country, state and telephone area code where their servers are located, the pages of this web site that visitors viewed during their visit, and any search terms entered on this web site.employment applications - some areas of this web site may allow you to submit information related to job opportunities with acme tools. please note that your submission of such information may be further governed by specific provisions that appear on any applicable employment opportunities sections of this web site. [privacypolicyespot1] gift certificates - if you purchase a gift certificate from this website, you will give acmetools.com the recipient’s name, mailing information and phone number for the recipient. the recipient information you give acmetools.com will only be used to send the gift certificate and for no other purpose.online surveys - in order to improve our services to you, we ask some of our customers to voluntarily complete surveys, which may be collected by an independent third party. individual survey answers are confidential, although non-personally identifiable information is collected and disclosed to third parties. if you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline to participate when asked.contests and sweepstakes - when you enter a contest or other promotion, we may ask you for contact information such as your name, address and e-mail address in order to administer the contest, to send you promotional e-mails, notify winners and make the winner's list publicly available pursuant to certain state's laws. your consent to such promotional use and disclosure of this information is a condition of your participation. as a condition of receiving any prize, you will be required to submit an eligibility affidavit, for acmetools.com to ensure that you are eligible to receive the prize according to the contest rules. contact information - if you contact acmetools.com customer service representatives by telephone, e-mail or letter, we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments. if you report a problem with this web site, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. if you contact acmetools.com through our feedback area or by calling one of our customer service representatives, we may ask for your name and e-mail address in order to send you a reply. if other users or third parties send acmetools.com correspondence about your activities or purchases on this web site, we may keep the information in a file specific to you. we use a third party to help acmetools.com provide customer service. in order to help you most effectively, we provide them with your order information.extended warranty information - our warranty programs are administered by a third party warranty company. when you purchase a warranty on a product or service, we submit your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, warranty purchased and product purchased to the warranty company. advertising - we may display advertisements on this web site in the form of targeted banners and promotions. acmetools.com takes the advertisement and includes it in an acmetools.com e-mail to prior customers meeting certain criteria. we may also display ads linked to certain search terms that you have entered, or to certain pages that you are viewing. in this process, advertisers never have access to individual account information; only acmetools.com has access to individual's accounts. additionally, acmetools.com may share aggregated data with advertisers.newsletters - we offer free newsletters and promotional e-mails as a service to our customers. we will send you newsletters and e-mails periodically listing current specials and deals. to stop receiving our newsletter, send an e-mail to us at optout@acmetools.com. [privacypolicyespot2] [privacypolicyespot3] disclosing your personal information to others. the personally identifiable information collected by acmetools.com is used only for the limited purposes described in this privacy policy, including processing orders for products and services, keeping you informed about your order status, for statistical purposes, for improving this web site and its performance, and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you. we will need to disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties to charge your credit card, fill your order, deliver your order, provide customer service, provide you with credit and deliver promotional e-mails to you from acmetools.com. in connection with these transactions, we collect data necessary to complete the transaction that is furnished by you. this information may be furnished to a third party in order to facilitate the transaction. for example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for your order. similarly, we must release your address information to the delivery provider to deliver products that you ordered from acmetools.com. we may disclose your information to our affiliates or service providers who assist acmetools.com in operating this web site or conducting our business. we may also share such information among our subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to provide you with the information and services you request or in which you may otherwise be interested. we may disclose information about you if and when we believe it is necessary to comply with any law, rule, court order, or subpoena, or to enforce our legal rights or the rules of this web site, or to protect our business, property and operations, or in connection with a sale, acquisition, merger or other business combination of our business with a third party. we may also disclose non-personally identifiable visitor information to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses. except in the limited circumstances stated in this section, we do not sell, rent, license, trade or otherwise disclose the personal information of visitors to this web site to unaffiliated third parties. links to other sites. we may create links to other web sites that we think may be of interest to you. we do not endorse any other web sites, and this privacy policy applies only to your use of this web site. we have not reviewed the privacy policies of any web sites we link to this web site, and you should read the privacy policies of each web site you visit to determine what information about you that web site may collect and use. [privacypolicyespot4] security. because we are committed to your privacy, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to attempt to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the personal information we collect online. when you place an order or access your personal information on this web site, we offer the use of a secure server. however, please remember that no transmission of data over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to acmetools.com or from us, and you do so at your own risk. changes in our privacy policy. by using this web site, you consent to our collection and the use of your personal information as described in this privacy policy. if we change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this web site. you have the opportunity to review this privacy policy each time you use this web site so that you are aware of any modifications made to these policies. choice/opt out. this web site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from acmetools.com at the point where we request information about the visitor. you have the option of reviewing or removing your information from our database, and to no longer receive communication from us. if you request your account information be deleted from our database, we may maintain information about individual sales transactions for the purpose of recordkeeping and servicing. you can send e-mail to optout@acmetools.com. you can send mail to the following postal address: acme tools 1603 12th avenue n north grand forks, nd 58203 please note that due to e-mail production schedule, you may receive an e-mail message from acmetools.com after you have provided your opt-out notice. questions about our privacy policy. if you have questions about this web site or acmetools.com privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at support@acmetools.com. shop by category air compressors bench & stationary cordless tools pneumatic tools power tools view all > shop by brand bosch delta dewalt makita milwaukee view all > shop by trade concrete & masonry finish & trim carpentry framing roofing woodworking view all > company info about acme careers locations faq acme resources customer service contact us request catalog request quote terms and conditions privacy policy sitemap check my browser settings email newsletter join our mailing list