来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231210529/https://www.shopdisney.com/disney-visa-card.html
================================================================================

disney visa card | shopdisney shopdisney logo search icon search icon image carousel arrow right image carousel left location icon sign in icon minicart icon minicart icon (blank) caret icon caret icon thin left arrow right arrow checkbox check filter dropdown arrow close zoom close clock icon plus icon minus icon offers exclamation icon disney account logo account warning icon menu icon stepper/minus/active stepper/plus/active calendar icon play sound mute sound remove promo remove promo fairy godmother magic wand share wish list link share wish list on facebook share wish list on twitter zoom close arrow down arrow up mickey-time share wish list on email calendar add to bag plus icon alert-circle@1x personalization error twitter icon pinterest icon facebook icon instagram icon my account edit icon my account email icon my account mickey icon free shipping on orders of $75 or more! code: shipmagic restrictions apply | see all offers shopdisney logo guest services disney® visa® card stores & events user icon sign in | sign up iconheart my wish list 0 my bag 0 × added to wish list! your wish list will be temporarily saved. sign in to save this wish list permanently. view wish list do not show this again search close toggle navigation user icon sign in | sign up stores and events image stores & events my account back my account info & settings order history wish list sign out new love is always in style back new shop all new as seen on screen back as seen on screen shop all as seen on screen disney junior t.o.t.s frozen 2 mulan live action star wars: the mandalorian star wars: the rise of skywalker wandavision categories back categories shop all categories accessories clothing home parks toys brands back brands shop all brands alex and ani baublebar citizen dooney & bourke pandora® jewelry vera bradley uniquely disney back uniquely disney shop all uniquely disney disney animators' disney castle collection disney eats forever disney lunar new year reigning cats and dogs collection stitch crashes disney more ways to shop back more ways to shop shop all more ways to shop disney’s cloth face masks disney+ gift cards personalization shop sleep shop swim shop franchise love is always in style sale extra 25% off sale-priced items code: extra25 back sale shop all sale limited time offers back limited time offers shop all limited time offers $16 the child plush & collectible key bundle buy a classic doll, get a classic doll accessory pack for $5 extra 25% off sale-priced items up to 50% off holiday toys back toys shop all toys action figures collectibles dolls play sets plush & stuffed animals pretend play sports & outdoor toys clothing back clothing shop all clothing coats & jackets costumes dresses & skirts sleepwear sweaters & sweatshirts t-shirts & tops accessories back accessories shop all accessories bags & backpacks hats & gloves jewelry & watches pins, buttons & patches shoes & socks home back home shop all home bed & bath home decor desk & office ornaments tabletop & kitchen shop by age back shop by age shop all shop by age adults baby kids shop by price back shop by price shop all shop by price $15 & under $15 - $30 $30 & over franchise extra 25% off sale-priced items code: extra25 gifts gifts to show your love back gifts shop all gifts price point back price point shop all price point gifts under $25 gifts $25-$50 gifts $50-$100 gifts over $100 luxury gifts gender back gender shop all gender gifts for baby gifts for her gifts for him gifts for kids gifts for pets category back category shop all category accessories clothing collectibles home décor & kitchen toys & games spread the magic back spread the magic shop all spread the magic books disney+ gift cards personalized gifts gifts by occasion back gifts by occasion shop all gifts by occasion anniversary baby shower birthday housewarming valentine's day wedding franchise gifts to show your love toys back toys shop all toys categories back categories shop all categories action figures bath toys cars, trains & rc toys dolls games & puzzles learning toys (steam) lego play sets plush & stuffed animals pretend play sports & outdoors toys age back age shop all age 0-2 years 3-4 years 5-7 years 8-13 years 14 years + for the collector back for the collector shop all for the collector collectible keys keepsakes & figurines limited edition pins, buttons & patches snowglobes vinyl figures uniquely disney back uniquely disney shop all uniquely disney disney animators' stitch crashes disney toybox action figures collection more ways to shop back more ways to shop shop all more ways to shop disney baby disney’s cloth face masks disney+ personalization shop swim shop franchise clothing back clothing shop all clothing women back women shop all women activewear coats & jackets costumes dresses & skirts shorts & pants sleepwear socks sweaters & sweatshirts t-shirts & tops men back men shop all men activewear coats & jackets costumes shorts & pants sleepwear socks & boxers sweaters & sweatshirts t-shirts & tops girls back girls shop all girls coats & jackets costumes dresses, rompers & skirts rainwear shorts & pants sleepwear sweaters & sweatshirts swimwear & cover-ups t-shirts & tops boys back boys shop all boys coats & jackets costumes rainwear shorts & pants sleepwear sweaters & sweatshirts swimwear top & bottom sets t-shirts & tops more ways to shop back more ways to shop shop all more ways to shop disney baby disney’s cloth face masks disney+ swim shop franchise accessories pack up for any adventure back accessories shop all accessories women back women shop all women bags & wallets beauty & makeup costume accessories ear hats & headbands hats, gloves & scarves jewelry & watches luggage & travel pins, buttons & patches shoes & socks tech accessories men back men shop all men bags & wallets costume accessories ear hats & headbands hats, gloves & scarves jewelry & watches luggage & travel pins, buttons & patches shoes & socks tech accessories ties & cufflinks kids back kids shop all kids backpacks & lunch boxes bags & wallets costume accessories ear hats & headbands hats, gloves & scarves jewelry & watches luggage & travel pins, buttons & patches shoes & socks sunglasses tech accessories umbrellas more ways to shop back more ways to shop shop all more ways to shop disney baby disney’s cloth face masks disney+ swim shop franchise pack up for any adventure home chic styles to set your table back home shop all home bed & bath back bed & bath shop all bed & bath bath accessories bedding pillows tabletop & kitchen back tabletop & kitchen shop all tabletop & kitchen dinnerware drinkware kitchen tools & accessories small appliances home decor back home decor shop all home decor art home accents keepsakes & figurines ornaments party supplies pet essentials photo & memories desk & office back desk & office shop all desk & office desk accessories journals & binders stationery supplies entertainment back entertainment shop all entertainment books movies more ways to shop back more ways to shop shop all more ways to shop disney baby disney’s cloth face masks disney+ personalization shop swim shop franchise chic styles to set your table parks cornflower blue sequined ear headband back parks shop all parks categories back categories shop all categories accessories clothing collectibles home toys prep for the parks back prep for the parks shop all prep for the parks autograph books parks custom gear earhats & headbands magicband pins parks inspired collections back parks inspired collections shop all parks inspired collections disney parks 2021 collection disney parks jewelry collection happiest colors on earth collection lunar new year star wars trading post the spirit jersey collection more ways to shop back more ways to shop shop all more ways to shop disney’s cloth face masks disney fairy tale weddings parks new arrivals personalization shop destinations cornflower blue sequined ear headband my account guest services disney® visa® card search my bag () × hakuna matata. your bag is empty! sign in to view products previously added. remove product? × are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? cancel yes search × search trending top products sorry, we can't find what you're looking for. be sure each keyword is correctly spelled. the fewer and more general the keywords, the more results you'll find. you're leaving shopdisney × you are now leaving shopdisney.com and going to chase.com where you may begin your application for a disney® visa® credit card. please be aware that chase.com is not operated by disney and different terms of use and privacy policy will apply. continue you're leaving shopdisney × you are about to leave shopdisney.com, and different terms of use and privacy policy will apply. continue get the card that gives you more disney 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 disney® visa® card $100 statement credit after first purchase with a new disney visa card.1 this product is available to you if you do not have this card and have not received a new cardmember bonus for this card in the past 24 months. if you are instantly approved and make the purchases in your bag today, your purchases and statement credit will post on the same statement. cardmembers save 10% on select purchases on shopdisney.com.2use your new card today upon approval. apply now sign in & apply no annual fee† offer details †pricing & terms use your card today and save 10% on select purchases on shopdisney.com.1 earn 1% on all card purchases and redeem at most disney locations earn 1% in disney rewards dollars on all your card purchases.3 there are no limits to the number of rewards dollars you can earn. there are no block-out dates when redeeming rewards dollars. disney store redeem rewards dollars toward most things disney at disney store or shopdisney.com. disney parks & resorts redeem rewards dollars toward disney theme park tickets, resort stays, shopping, dining and more. disney movies catch the latest disney & star wars movies at participating theaters by redeeming rewards dollars. disney cruise line redeem rewards dollars toward disney cruise line packages, onboard activities and souvenirs. enjoy cardmember perks take advantage of disney visa cardmember savings and special disney experiences all year long, starting the moment you get your card. perks at disney store save 10% on shopping save 10% on select purchases at disney store and shopdisney.com.2 cardmember events get access to exclusive disney visa cardmember events at disney store.4 perks at disney parks save 10% on shopping & dining 10% off select merchandise purchases of $50 or more at select locations and 10% off select dining locations on most days at the disneyland® and walt disney world® resorts.5,6,7 character experiences disney visa cardmember-exclusive photo opportunities with disney or star wars characters, held in private locations at the disneyland® and walt disney world® resorts.5,8 savings on disney vacations special vacation financing special vacation financing on select disney vacation packages.9 disney cruise line savings aboard disney cruise line when using your card to pay for select onboard purchases.10 your disney dream is in the cards select your favorite card design.11 then click "sign in & apply." view full gallery to see the card backs. vintage mickey sleeping beauty castle mickey & pals darth vader pixie dust tink toy story chewbacca millennium falcon spotlight × disney® visa® card designs vintage mickey sleeping beauty castle mickey & pals darth vader pixie dust tink toy story chewbacca millennium falcon spotlight apply now sign in & apply no annual fee† offer details †pricing & terms use your card today and save 10% on select purchases on shopdisney.com.1 offer details eligibility to be eligible for a disney visa credit card you must have a valid permanent home address within the 50 united states, the district of columbia, guam, puerto rico, or the us virgin islands, or have a united states military address. accounts subject to credit approval. restrictions and limitations apply. disney visa credit cards are issued by jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. member fdic. offer subject to change. 1. $100 statement credit this product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. you must apply using the application link on this page to be eligible for this offer. in some instances, an application may require additional time to process. this offer is limited to a one-time award for new cardmembers of a $100 statement credit after first purchase with the disney visa card. (“first purchase” does not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) to be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. please allow up to 8 weeks after your first purchase with the card for this credit to appear in your statement. 2. merchandise savings at disney store 10% off restrictions: offer valid only at disney store and disney baby store retail locations in the u.s. or orders placed online at shopdisney.com. not valid on purchases at the disney studio store hollywood & ghirardelli soda fountain shop, disney parks and resort locations, including world of disney® locations and my disney experience app, or any online platforms other than shopdisney.com. offer excludes taxes, shipping & handling charges, disney theme park passes, d23 memberships, d23 merchandise, gift cards or certificates, the walt disney company collectible shareholder certificate, 3-d printed merchandise, subscription products, personalization, gift wrap and gift boxes, aden & anais, alex and ani, art & collectibles, barbie signature, barefoot dreams, beats by dre, bésame, blu-ray™, books, cds, chiara ferragni, circle with disney, citizen watch, coach, colourpop, crislu, disney designer jewelry collection, disney wisdom, disney vacation club®, dooney & bourke, dvds, electronic toys, enesco busts and figurines, ethan allen, fantasy flight games, freshly picked, garmin, hanna andersson, jim shore, kate spade, kiehls, le creuset, lego, lenox®, levi’s, líllébaby, limited edition and limited release merchandise, lionel, magicband, marvel legends series, master of arts, mickey: the true original exhibition, milk snob, new balance, nixon, olszewski, opening ceremony, otterbox electronics, pandora, pandora: the world of avatar mountain banshee, petunia pickle bottom, pippa & julie, precious moments, rag & bone, rebecca hook, rocklove, roxy girl, s.t. dupont, sentiments, shinola, sideshow collectibles, special edition items, star wars: the black series, starbucks, steiff, terez, thomas kinkade, toms, tommy bahama, vera bradley, video games, vinylmation, waddle, and items not in stock. additional exclusions may apply. offer cannot be combined with any other offer or discount except available shipping offers. no adjustments to prior purchases. merchandise subject to availability. prices subject to change without notice. returns and exchanges will be subject to discount taken at time of purchase. valid packing slip or receipt required for returns and exchanges. must use your valid disney visa card and/or disney rewards redemption card as form(s) of payment at the time of purchase for full amount of purchase. promotion code may not be redeemed for cash, sold, or altered. internet distribution strictly prohibited. use of offer or promotion code drvcmember constitutes acceptance of these offer terms. offer may be canceled or modified at any time without notice. visit shopdisney.com/drvcperkdetails for the most current list of exclusions and any updates to these offer terms. void where prohibited. chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of this offer. 3. earn disney rewards dollars the terms and conditions that apply to disney rewards dollars are available at disneyrewards.com/terms and will be provided to you with your disney visa card once you become a cardmember. subject to credit approval. you will earn one percent (1%) in disney rewards dollars for every dollar in qualifying purchases. (“qualifying purchases” means the amount of your retail purchases of goods and services minus returns or refunds that qualify for disney rewards dollars in a billing cycle and do not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your card account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) 4. cardmember events at disney store invitation valid at participating u.s. retail stores on event day only. event passes limited based on store capacity. passes are subject to availability and will be allocated on a first-come, first-served basis via the event website. cardmembers are limited to one pass per cardmember. users who successfully claim any passes will need to print the email with a valid booking number and take them along to the disney store location on the day of the event at the time given. no cash alternative. passes are non-transferable and for the use of the cardmember and their minor guests for whom passes have been provided only. all minors must be accompanied by an adult. emailing of passes, distribution of personal login details, passwords, passes, photocopying and multiple printing of passes is strictly prohibited. users found to be in violation of this rule may be barred from using the reservation site. passes may not under any circumstances be resold for financial or any other material gain. event subject to change or cancellation without notice. while supplies last. void where prohibited. chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of this offer. 5. disney theme park & resort perks offers and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations and eligible items, are subject to availability and additional restrictions and exclusions, and may change or be canceled without notice. must use your valid disney visa card and/or disney rewards redemption card as form(s) of payment at the time of purchase for full amount of purchase to receive special offers. merchandise discount may not be available for certain items and at certain locations including disneyland® resort and walt disney world® resort operating participant locations and any other locations or kiosks that are not owned or operated by the owners of the disneyland® resort or walt disney world® resort. to receive a merchandise discount, you must mention the specific offer. for entry into the disney character experience or star wars character experience photo opportunities, must present your valid disney visa card. not valid in combination with other offers, discounts, promotions or with any previous purchase. minimum purchase and/or separate admission may be required. offers are for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of these disney theme park and resort perks. 6. merchandise savings at disney theme parks & resorts offer and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations and eligible items, are subject to availability and additional restrictions and exclusions, and may change or be canceled without notice. a $50 minimum pre-tax single transaction merchandise purchase is required to receive discount. must use your valid disney visa card and/or disney rewards redemption card as form(s) of payment at the time of purchase for full amount of purchase and mention this offer. discount is not valid on previous purchases or on purchases of the following: ticket media, disney gift cards, park admission, arcades, tobacco, alcohol, outdoor vending (e.g., in-park balloon vendors, glow vendors), add-a-dollar (wildlife conservation fund), postage stamps, rentals (e.g., strollers, ecvs), personalization, disney photopass® purchases (e.g., purchases through any application, website or onsite sales location), disney photopass+, disney maxpass, memory maker, and memory maker one day, select print packages, framed disney dollars, artist sketch program, original or consignment art, select limited editions, select collectibles, select specialized toys, select specialty items, purchase-with-purchase offers, select reusable shopping bags, newspapers/periodicals, books, dvds, blu-ray™ disks, cds, sundries, pantry/prepared foods, digital/video/disposable cameras, film, consumer electronics, national branded fragrances, treatments and cosmetics, lladró®, swarovski® crystal, tiffany & co.® jewelry, bvlgari®, handmade items, special orders, live auction artwork, select product launches, select premium branded items, bibbidi bobbidi boutique/pirates league (at walt disney world® resort), savi’s workshop – handbuilt lightsabers, and droid depot packages, phone, email or mail order purchases, shipping or taxes. discount is not available at the following locations at the disneyland® resort: games, fairytale arts, silhouette studio, portrait artists, parasol cart, crystal shops (crystal arts and cristal d'orleans), face painting locations, any other locations that are not owned or operated by the owners of the disneyland® resort or at any downtown disney® district location other than world of disney® store, disney home, wonderground gallery, marceline's confectionery, disney's pin traders, and the disney dress shop. discount is not available at the following locations at walt disney world® resort: games, cast connection, disney's character premiere, disney's character warehouse or walt disney world® resort operating participant locations and any other locations or kiosks that are not owned or operated by the owners of the walt disney world® resort, except for arribas brothers locations (crystal arts by arribas brothers, royally yours, silhouette portraits, crystal arts stores and kiosks), basin®, basin white®, chapel hats (store and kiosk), filthy rich, gem creations (kiosk), good fortune gifts and house of good fortune, house of blues® gear shop, joffrey’s coffee/tea kiosks and tea traders café by joffrey's, just fun socks, levi’s®, luxury of time, marrakesh emporium arts & crafts, sperry, sugarboo & co., and volcom. not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. separate admission may be required. discount is for personal use only and may not be transferred or used to purchase merchandise with the intent to resell the merchandise. 7. dining savings at disney parks & resorts offer and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations and eligible food and beverages, are subject to availability and additional restrictions and exclusions, and may change or be canceled without notice. offer excludes alcoholic beverages, select new food and beverage offerings, merchandise, tobacco, room service, holiday buffets, tax and gratuity. must use your valid disney visa card and/or disney rewards redemption card at time of purchase for full amount of purchase. discount valid at the following walt disney world® restaurant locations: disney’s animal kingdom lodge & villas: boma – flavors of africa, jiko – the cooking place (see restrictions), and sanaa; disney’s boardwalk inn & villas: espn sports club and flying fish (see restrictions); disney's caribbean beach resort: sebastian's bistro; disney’s contemporary resort: the wave…of american flavors; disney’s fort wilderness resort & campground: trail’s end restaurant; disney’s grand floridian resort & spa: citricos (see restrictions), grand floridian cafe, and narcoossee’s; disney’s old key west resort: olivia’s cafe; disney’s polynesian village resort: kona cafe; disney’s port orleans resort: boatwrights dining hall; disney’s saratoga springs resort & spa: the turf club bar and grill; disney’s wilderness lodge: whispering canyon cafe; disney’s yacht club resort: ale & compass restaurant and cape may cafe; disney’s animal kingdom® theme park: tiffins; disney’s hollywood studios®: the hollywood brown derby (see restrictions) and hollywood & vine (see restrictions); epcot®: biergarten restaurant (see restrictions), coral reef restaurant (lunch only), le cellier steakhouse (lunch only), and rose & crown dining room (lunch only); magic kingdom® park: jungle navigation co. ltd. skipper canteen; and espn wide world of sports complex: espn wide world of sports grill. for locations where it is noted to see restrictions, the discount does not apply to the following dates: 11/28/19, 12/24/19, 12/25/19, 12/31/19, 1/1/20, 2/14/20, 4/12/20, 5/10/20, and 7/4/20. discount valid at the following disneyland® resort restaurant locations: disneyland® park: french market and river belle terrace; disney california adventure® park: cocina cucamonga mexican grill, wine country trattoria, and paradise garden grill; disneyland® resort hotels: steakhouse 55, disney’s pch grill and storytellers café. discount valid at the following disney’s vero beach resort restaurant location: wind & waves grill. subject to restaurant operating hours and closures. not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. separate admission may be required. discount is for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. 8. character experience the disneyland® resort character experience photo opportunities are offered daily during set hours–the disney character experience is at disney california adventure® park and the star wars character experience is at disneyland® park. the walt disney world® resort character experience photo opportunities are offered daily during set hours–the disney character experience is at epcot® and the star wars character experience is at disney’s hollywood studios®. separate theme park admission required for each character experience opportunity. must present a valid disney visa card for entry for up to 6 people per cardmember account (each cardmember account may be used for entry only one time per day). operating times, days of the week, locations and appearance of characters may vary and are subject to restrictions and change or cancellation without notice. offer includes complimentary downloads of your disney photopass® photos taken at the disney visa character experience location that are associated to your disney account. to access complimentary downloads of your disney photopass® photos taken at the disney visa character experience location at the disneyland® resort, go to the disneyland app or disneyland.com/photopass or at the location at walt disney world® resort, go to the my disney experience app or disneyworld.com/photopass, and then log-in using your existing account or create an account. magicbands or other medium scanned by the photographer at the time of capture must be linked to your my disney experience profile at walt disney world® resort or linked to your disneyland® resort account, or you may claim disney photopass® cards provided to you by the photographer by entering the disney photopass® id number found on the back of your disney photopass® card. one photo session per valid cardmember account per day. offer not valid for photos taken at other disney photopass® locations or attractions photos. photos will expire pursuant to the expiration policy at disneyland.disney.go.com/photopass-expiration-policy or disneyworld.disney.go.com/photopass-expiration-policy, as applicable. not responsible for missing, lost or damaged photos. not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. offer is for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. please visit disneyrewards.com/parkperks for additional information. 9. special vacation financing get special vacation financing on select disney resort packages, all adventures by disney® packages, all aulani, a disney resort & spa, ko olina, hawai‘i vacation packages, and all disney cruise line packages (collectively, disney vacation packages). disney vacation packages must be booked by you or your travel agent through the walt disney travel company, disney cruise line or adventures by disney travel services, inc. and charged to your disney visa credit card prior to commencement of your vacation. other restrictions and exclusions apply. please refer to the pricing & terms for pricing details. you will receive complete terms and conditions for this offer once you become a cardmember. 10. savings onboard disney cruise line offer and offer elements are subject to availability and additional restrictions, and may change or be canceled without notice. in order to receive special disney cruise line perks, valid disney visa card must be designated for all onboard purchases at time of purchase for sailings through 12/31/20. cannot be combined with any other offers or discounts including cast member, castaway club, and disney vacation club® offers or discounts, and is for personal use only. ships’ registry: the bahamas. chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of this offer. 11. card designs card designs are subject to availability and may change without notice. © disney and its related entities. the contactless symbol and contactless indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of emvco, llc. × chat store locator & events guest services contact us account info disney® visa® card stay in touch sign up for our emails to get the inside scoop on special offers and new products. sign up stay in touch privacy policy characters parks disney pixar star wars marvel d23 careers contact us site map new sale order tracking return/exchange shipping info account info store locator & events disney gift cards guest services affiliates about shopdisney disney® visa® card personalization shop © disney, all rights reserved terms of use additional content information privacy policy your california privacy rights do not sell my info children's online privacy policy about disney interest-based ads california transparency in supply chains act