来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20240214025737/https://www.shopdisney.com/disney-visa-card.html
================================================================================

disney visa card | disney store search icon search icon image carousel arrow right image carousel left location icon sign in icon minicart icon minicart icon (blank) caret icon caret icon thin left arrow right arrow checkbox check filter dropdown arrow close zoom close clock icon plus icon minus icon plus icon minus icon offers exclamation icon exclamation icon disney account logo account warning icon menu icon stepper/minus/active stepper/plus/active calendar icon remove promo fairy godmother magic wand share wish list link share wish list on facebook share wish list on twitter zoom close arrow down arrow up mickey-time mickey-time offers share wish list on email calendar add to bag plus icon alert-circle@1x personalization error my account edit icon my account email icon my account mickey icon stepper/minus/active warning icon sort icon - hover twitter icon pinterest icon facebook icon instagram icon youtube icon stepper/plus/active stepper/minus/active free shipping on orders of $75 or more! code: shipmagic restrictions apply | see all offers guest support disney® visa® card store locator user icon sign in iconheart my wish list 0 my bag 0 × added to wish list! your wish list will be temporarily saved. sign in to save this wish list permanently. view wish list do not show this again search close toggle navigation user icon sign in stores and events image store locator my account back my account info & settings order history wish list sign out new & trending back new & trending shop all new & trending categories back categories shop all categories accessories clothing collectibles home toys & plush shops back shops shop all shops disney baby disney eats collection easter gift guide gift guide personalization shop stitch attacks snacks collection vacation shop our stories back our stories shop all our stories disney pixar marvel star wars national geographic lucasfilm 20th century disney+ d23: the official disney fan club disney parks back disney parks shop all disney parks disneyland walt disney world gift cards shop all new & trending vacation back vacation shop all vacation swim shop back swim shop shop all swim shop swimwear & cover-ups swim accessories beach towels shop all swim vacation essentials back vacation essentials shop all vacation essentials vacation accessories vacation clothing luggage & travel shop all vacation disney parks getaway back disney parks getaway shop all disney parks getaway walt disney world disneyland ear hats & headbands magicbands spirit jerseys shop all parks clothing back clothing shop all clothing women back women shop all women dresses & skirts jackets & sweaters shorts & pants sleepwear & loungewear spirit jerseys t-shirts & tops men back men shop all men jackets & sweaters shorts & pants sleepwear & loungewear spirit jerseys t-shirts & tops girls back girls shop all girls baby girl costumes dresses, rompers & skirts jackets & sweaters sleepwear swimwear & cover-ups t-shirts & tops boys back boys shop all boys baby boy costumes jackets & sweaters sleepwear swimwear t-shirts & tops unisex back unisex shop all unisex adult unisex clothing kids' unisex clothing baby unisex clothing featured back featured shop all featured disney baby graphic tee shop sleep shop shop all clothing accessories back accessories shop all accessories adults back adults shop all adults backpacks bags & wallets ear hats & headbands hats jewelry & watches luggage & travel magicbands shoes & socks tech accessories ties & cufflinks kids back kids shop all kids backpacks & lunch boxes bags & wallets costume accessories hats jewelry & watches luggage & travel shoes & socks tech accessories shop all accessories toy shop back toy shop shop all toy shop toys back toys shop all toys action figures cars, trains & rc toys dolls games & puzzles lego play sets pretend play & costumes sports & outdoor toys toys by age back toys by age shop all toys by age 0-2 years 3-4 years 5-7 years 8-13 years 14 years + plush back plush shop all plush disney plush marvel plush pixar plush star wars plush disney nuimos featured back featured shop all featured disney ily 4ever disney lorcana disney munchlings disney story dolls top toys shop all toys & plush collectibles home back home shop all home tabletop back tabletop shop all tabletop dinnerware drinkware & mugs kitchen tools & accessories home decor back home decor shop all home decor art home accents ornaments photo & memories bed & bath back bed & bath shop all bed & bath bath accessories bedding towels desk & stationery books shop all home sale back sale shop all sale limited time offers back limited time offers shop all limited time offers free gift with any $100 purchase shop by category back shop by category shop all shop by category accessories clothing collectibles home & décor toys shop by age back shop by age shop all shop by age adult kids' deals under $15 shop all sale my account guest support disney® visa® card search my bag () × hakuna matata. your bag is empty! sign in to view products previously added. disney store drvc landing page you're leaving disney store × you are now leaving disneystore.com and going to chase.com where you may begin your application for a disney® visa® credit card. please be aware that chase.com is not operated by disney and different terms of use and privacy policy will apply. continue you're leaving disney store × you are about to leave disneystore.com, and different terms of use and privacy policy will apply. continue get more disney with the disney® visa® card $1001statement credit get a $100 statement credit after first purchase with a new disney visa card.1 this product is available to you if you do not have this card and have not received a new cardmember bonus for this card in the past 24 months. cardmembers save 10% on select purchases on shopdisney.com when they use the disney visa card.2 upon approval, you could use your new card today! upon approval, you could use your new card today! no annual fee† apply now sign in & apply offer details †pricing & terms earn disney rewards dollars earn 1% in disney rewards dollars on all your card purchases.3 there are no limits to the number of rewards dollars you can earn. there are no block-out dates when redeeming rewards dollars. redeem toward your next disney dream disney shopping redeem rewards dollars toward most things disney at shopdisney.com. disney parks & resorts redeem rewards dollars toward disney theme park tickets, resort stays, shopping, dining and more in the u.s. disney movies redeem rewards dollars toward the latest disney movies at amc theatres. disney cruise line redeem rewards dollars toward disney cruise line packages, onboard activities and souvenirs. enjoy cardmember perks use your card to take advantage of disney visa cardmember savings and special experiences. disney shopping save 10% on select purchases at shopdisney.com.2 disney parks shopping & dining 10% off select merchandise purchases at select locations and 10% off select dining locations most days at the disneyland® and walt disney world® resorts.4,5,6 special vacation financing special vacation financing on select disney vacation packages.7 disney cruise line savings aboard disney cruise line when using your card to pay for select onboard purchases.8 disney parks photo opportunities​ pose for special photos at our private cardmember locations at the disneyland® and walt disney world® resorts. receive complimentary downloads of your photos, too.4,9 cardmember limited-time offers​ your disney visa card gets you access to limited-time offers in addition to year-round perks. take advantage of savings, exclusive products and other special opportunities just for cardmembers. put a little character in your wallet10 all disney® visa® cards are contactless. simply tap to pay. select your favorite card. see more super hero designs on the application. select the sleeping beauty castle card sleeping beauty castle select the disney100 card disney100 select the the mandalorian card the mandalorian select the maleficent card maleficent select the tiana card tiana select the retro walt disney world card retro walt disney world select the groot card groot select the toy story card toy story select the darth vader card darth vader select the vintage mickey card vintage mickey × disney® visa® card designs sleeping beauty castle disney100 the mandalorian maleficent tiana retro walt disney world groot toy story darth vader vintage mickey no annual fee† apply now sign in & apply offer details †pricing & terms offer details offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. to take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. review offer details before you apply. eligibility accounts subject to credit approval. restrictions and limitations apply. disney visa credit cards are issued by jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. member fdic. offer subject to change. 1. $100 statement credit this product is not available to either (i) current cardmembers of this credit card, or (ii) previous cardmembers of this credit card who received a new cardmember bonus for this credit card within the last 24 months. offers may vary and may not be available through all application methods when applying for the disney visa credit cards. in some instances, an application may require additional time to process. this offer is limited to a one-time award for new cardmembers of a $100 statement credit after first purchase with the disney visa card. (“first purchase” does not include balance transfers, cash advances, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers or similar cash-like transactions, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) the value of this offer or program may result in miscellaneous income received from chase and we may be required to send you, and file with the irs, a form 1099-misc (miscellaneous information) or form 1042-s (foreign person's u.s. source income subject to withholding) for the year in which you participate and are awarded the benefits of the offer/program. you are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the offer/program. please consult your own tax advisor if you have any questions about how this could affect your taxes. to be eligible for this bonus offer, account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. please allow up to 8 weeks after your first purchase with the card for this credit to appear in your statement. 2. merchandise savings at disney store 10% off restrictions: valid on select, in-stock merchandise purchased at disney store and outlet locations in the u.s., and at shopdisney.com (online or via phone orders). not valid on purchases made at disney parks and resorts locations or on disney store merchandise purchased from other retailers or using third party websites. must use your valid disney visa card and/or disney rewards redemption card as the form(s) of payment at the time of purchase for full amount of purchase and mention this offer in store or use promo code drvcmember online. offer excludes sales tax, shipping & handling charges, gift wrap & gift box charges, personalization charges, disney theme park tickets, disney gift cards, the walt disney company collectible shareholder certificate, subscription products, art & collectibles, books, electronic toys, limited edition, special edition & limited release merchandise, talking action figures, items related to a charitable promotion, and items from the following brands and collections: afridrille shoes, alex and ani®, barefoot dreams, baublebar, bulova, citizen, coach, crislu, cubcoats, disney designer jewelry collection, disney fairy tale wedding rings, disney parks designer collection, disney vacation club®, disney+ special access items, enesco, garmin, harveys, jim shore, kate spade, lego, lilly pulitzer, loungefly, magicband, make-a-wish collection, marvel legends series, master of arts, mickey mouse: the main attraction collection, minnie mouse: the main attraction collection, milk snob, select national geographic merchandise, native shoes, nike, nixon, olszewski, otterbox electronics, pandora jewelry, petunia pickle bottom, pura vida, rebecca hook, rocklove, royal selangor, sideshow collectibles, select star wars: galaxy’s edge merchandise, star wars: the black series, select star wars: the mandalorian merchandise, steiff, stoney clover lane, terez, thomas kinkade, tommy bahama, tommy hilfiger, tron: back to the arcade collection, tron thrill of the race, vans, vera bradley and vinylmation. additional exclusions may apply. visit shopdisney.com/drvcperkdetails for the most current list of exclusions and any updates to these offer terms. offer cannot be combined with any other offer or discount except available shipping offers. offer will only be applied if a valid promotion code is entered at checkout. no adjustments to prior purchases. valid packing slip or receipt required for returns or exchanges, which will be subject to discount taken at the time of purchase. offer subject to restrictions and to change without notice. promotion may not be redeemed for cash, sold, or altered. internet distribution is strictly prohibited. use of offer or promotion code drvcmember constitutes acceptance of these offer terms. void where prohibited. chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of this offer. 3. earn disney rewards dollars the terms and conditions that apply to disney rewards dollars are available at disneyrewards.com/terms and will be provided to you with your disney visa card once you become a cardmember. subject to credit approval. you will earn one percent (1%) in disney rewards dollars for every dollar in qualifying purchases. (“qualifying purchases” means the amount of your retail purchases of goods and services minus returns or refunds that qualify for disney rewards dollars in a billing cycle and do not include balance transfers, cash advances, and other cash-like transactions, travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers or similar betting transactions, any checks that access your card account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, or fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable.) 4. disney theme park & resort perks offers and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations and eligible items, are subject to availability, capacity limitations, closures and additional restrictions and exclusions, may change or be canceled without notice, and are not guaranteed. must use your valid disney visa card and/or disney rewards redemption card as form(s) of payment at the time of purchase for full amount of purchase to receive special offers. merchandise discount may not be available for certain items and at certain locations including disneyland® resort and walt disney world® resort operating participant locations and any other locations or kiosks that are not owned or operated by the owners of the disneyland® resort or walt disney world® resort. to receive a merchandise discount, you must mention the specific offer. for entry into the disney or star wars cardmember photo opportunities, you must present your valid disney visa card. not valid in combination with other offers, discounts, promotions or with any previous purchase. minimum purchase and/or separate theme park admission and theme park reservation may be required. offers are for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of these disney theme park and resort perks. 5. merchandise savings at disney theme parks & resorts offer and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations and eligible items, are subject to availability, capacity limitations, closures, and additional restrictions and exclusions, may change or be canceled without notice, and are not guaranteed. must use your valid disney visa card and/or disney rewards redemption card as form(s) of payment at the time of purchase for full amount of purchase and mention this offer. discount is not valid on previous purchases or on purchases of the following: ticket media, disney gift cards, theme park admission, arcades, tobacco, alcohol, outdoor vending (e.g., in-park balloon vendors, glow vendors), add-a-dollar (disney conservation fund), postage stamps, rentals (e.g., strollers, ecvs), personalization, disney genie+ service, disney photopass® purchases (e.g., purchases through any application, website or onsite sales location), disney photopass+, disney photopass+ one day and disney photopass+ one week, memory maker and memory maker one day, csl portrait experience, capture your moment and other photo sessions requiring reservations, select print packages, original or consignment art, select limited editions, select collectibles, select specialized toys, select specialty items (including, without limitation, one-of-a-kind art, disney-branded original art, celebrity memorabilia, framed disney dollars, artist sketch program, framed disney gift cards, framed ticket media, walt disney classics collection, handmade products (physically touched by an artist/vendor) and artist-signed vinylmation), purchase-with-purchase offers, select reusable shopping bags, newspapers/periodicals, books, sundries, pantry/prepared foods, kitchen products, digital/video/disposable cameras, consumer electronics (including, without limitation, dvds, cds, and software media), national branded fragrances, treatments and cosmetics, lladró®, swarovski® crystal, tiffany & co.® jewelry, bvlgari®, handmade items, special orders, live auction artwork, select product launches, select premium branded items, bibbidi bobbidi boutique (at walt disney world® resort), savi’s workshop – handbuilt lightsabers, and droid depot packages, phone, internet, email or mail order purchases, shipping or taxes. discount is not available at the following locations at the disneyland® resort: games of pixar pier, silhouette studio, portrait artists, face painting locations, letter brush art locations, any other locations that are not owned or operated by the owners of the disneyland® resort except for arribas brothers crystal shops (crystal arts and cristal d’orleans), or at any downtown disney® district location other than california sole, curl surf, world of disney® store, disney home, wonderground gallery, marceline’s confectionery, disney’s pin traders, the disney dress shop, and star wars™ trading post. discount is not available at the following locations at walt disney world® resort: games, cast connection, disney’s character premiere, disney’s character warehouse or walt disney world® resort operating participant locations and any other locations or kiosks that are not owned or operated by the owners of the walt disney world® resort, except for alex and ani®, arribas brothers locations (crystal arts by arribas brothers, crystal arts stores and kiosks), balocoloc venetian masks at la gemma elegante, basin®, basin white®, chapel hats, columbia sportswear company, crown & crest, good fortune gifts and house of good fortune, joffrey’s coffee/tea kiosks and tea traders café by joffrey’s, just fun socks, levi’s®, luxury of time, melissa clube, sanuk, shop for ireland at raglan road™, sperry, stance, sugarboo & co., and volcom. not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. separate theme park admission and theme park reservation may be required. discount is for personal use only and may not be transferred or used to purchase merchandise with the intent to resell the merchandise. 6. dining savings at disney parks & resorts offer and offer elements including, but not limited to, participating locations and eligible food and beverages, are subject to availability, capacity limitations, closures, and additional restrictions and exclusions, may change or be canceled without notice, and are not guaranteed. offer excludes alcoholic beverages, select new food and beverage offerings, merchandise, tobacco, room service, holiday buffets, tax and gratuity. must use your valid disney visa card and/or disney rewards redemption card at time of purchase for full amount of purchase. discount valid at the following walt disney world® resort restaurant locations: disney’s animal kingdom lodge & villas: boma – flavors of africa, jiko – the cooking place (see restrictions), and sanaa; disney’s beach club resort: beaches and cream, and cape may cafe; disney’s boardwalk inn & villas: flying fish (see restrictions); disney’s caribbean beach resort: sebastian’s bistro; disney’s contemporary resort: steakhouse 71; disney’s coronado springs resort: three bridges bar & grill and toledo – tapas, steak & seafood; disney’s fort wilderness resort & campground: hoop-dee-doo musical revue; disney’s grand floridian resort & spa: citricos (see restrictions), grand floridian cafe, and narcoossee’s (see restrictions); disney’s old key west resort: olivia’s cafe; disney’s polynesian village resort: kona cafe; disney’s port orleans resort: boatwrights dining hall; disney’s saratoga springs resort & spa: the turf club bar and grill; disney’s wilderness lodge: whispering canyon cafe; disney’s yacht club resort: ale & compass restaurant, and yachtsman steakhouse; disney’s animal kingdom® theme park: tiffins; disney’s hollywood studios®: mama melrose, sci-fi dine-in theater restaurant, and the hollywood brown derby (see restrictions); epcot®: biergarten restaurant (see restrictions), coral reef restaurant, le cellier steakhouse, rose & crown dining room, and spice road table; magic kingdom® park: crystal palace, diamond horseshoe, jungle navigation co. ltd. skipper canteen, liberty tree tavern, the plaza restaurant, and tony's town square restaurant. for locations where it is noted to see restrictions, the discount does not apply to the following dates: 10/9/23, 10/31/23, 11/23/23, 12/24/23, 12/25/23, 12/31/23, 1/1/24, 2/14/24, 2/19/24, 3/31/24, 5/12/24, 5/27/24, 6/16/24, 7/4/24, and 9/2/24. discount valid at the following disneyland® resort restaurant locations, subject to location availability: disneyland® park: cafe orleans, carnation café, the golden horseshoe, harbour galley, plaza inn, river belle terrace, royal street veranda and troubadour tavern; disney california adventure® park: carthay circle lounge – alfresco dining, cocina cucamonga mexican grill, lucky fortune cookery, paradise garden grill, sonoma terrace, studio catering co., and wine country trattoria; disney's grand californian hotel® & spa: gch craftsman bar and storytellers café; disneyland® hotel: goofy’s kitchen. discount valid at the following disney’s vero beach resort restaurant location: wind & waves grill. subject to restaurant availability, operating hours and closures. reservations may be required. not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. separate theme park admission and theme park reservation may be required. discount is for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. 7. special vacation financing get special vacation financing on select disney resort packages, all adventures by disney® packages, national geographic expeditions, all aulani, a disney resort & spa, ko olina, hawai‘i vacation packages, and all disney cruise line packages (collectively, disney vacation packages). disney vacation packages must be booked by you through the walt disney travel company, disney cruise line or adventures by disney travel services, inc., online at disney sites or through other eligible travel agents or sites, and charged to your disney visa credit card prior to commencement of your vacation. other restrictions and exclusions apply. please refer to the pricing & terms for pricing details. you will receive complete terms and conditions for this offer once you become a cardmember. 8. savings onboard disney cruise line offer and offer elements are subject to availability, capacity limitations, cruise cancellations, and additional restrictions, may change or be canceled without notice, and are not guaranteed. in order to receive special disney cruise line perks, valid disney visa card must be designated for all onboard purchases at time of purchase for sailings through 12/31/24. cannot be combined with any other offers or discounts including cast member, castaway club, and disney vacation club® offers or discounts, and is for personal use only. ships’ registry: the bahamas. chase is not responsible or liable for fulfillment of this offer. 9. cardmember photo opportunities the disneyland® resort cardmember photo opportunities are offered daily during set hours–the disney cardmember photo opportunity is at disney california adventure® park and the star wars cardmember photo opportunity is at disneyland® park. the walt disney world® resort cardmember photo opportunities are offered daily during set hours–the disney cardmember photo opportunity is at epcot® and the star wars cardmember photo opportunity is at disney’s hollywood studios®. separate theme park admission and theme park reservation required for each cardmember photo opportunity. must present a valid disney visa card for entry for up to 6 people per cardmember account (each cardmember account may be used for entry only one time per day). operating times, days of the week, locations and appearance of characters (digitally or physically, as applicable) may vary and are subject to restrictions and change or cancellation without notice. offer includes complimentary downloads of your disney photopass® photos taken at the disney visa cardmember photo opportunity location that are associated to your disney account. to access complimentary downloads of your disney photopass® photos taken at the disney visa cardmember photo opportunity location at the disneyland® resort, go to the disneyland app or disneyland.com/photopass or at the location at walt disney world® resort, go to the my disney experience app or disneyworld.com/photopass, and then log-in using your existing account or create an account. magicbands or other media scanned by the photographer at the time of capture must be linked to your my disney experience profile at walt disney world® resort or linked to your disneyland® resort account, or you may claim disney photopass® cards provided to you by the photographer by entering the disney photopass® id number found on the back of your disney photopass® card. one photo session per valid cardmember account per day. offer not valid for photos taken at other disney photopass® locations or attractions photos. disney photopass® service is subject to the disney photopass® terms & conditions and expiration policy at disneyland.disney.go.com/photopass-terms-conditions or disneyworld.disney.go.com/photopass-terms-conditions, as applicable. not responsible for missing, lost or damaged photos. not valid in combination with other offers, discounts or promotions. offer is for personal use only and may not be transferred or resold. please visit disneyrewards.com/parkperks for additional information. 10. card designs card designs are subject to availability and may change without notice. the contactless symbol and contactless indicator are trademarks owned by and used with the permission of emvco, llc. deposit and credit card products provided by jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. member fdic © disney and its related entities. back to top guest support account info store locator disney® visa® card stay in touch sign up for our emails to get the inside scoop on special offers and new products. sign up stay in touch privacy policy characters parks disney pixar star wars marvel national geographic guest support order tracking return/exchange shipping info account info store locator disney gift cards affiliate program about disney store disney® visa® card personalization shop d23 careers site map new sale © disney, all rights reserved terms of use additional content information privacy policy your us state privacy rights do not sell or share my personal information children's online privacy policy about disney interest-based ads california transparency in supply chains act