来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111227125402/http://www.catholiccompany.com/reviews/
================================================================================

all products reviews | catholic company categories » gift ideas reviews (1747) » catholic books reviews (1499) » sacraments reviews (1425) » patron saint index reviews (1327) » seasonal gift ideas reviews (1242) » jewelry and medals reviews (1197) » personalized gifts reviews (1189) » rosaries, scapulars, and chaplets reviews (900) » audio and video reviews (432) » art reviews (426) » catholic bibles reviews (422) » popular topics reviews (420) » statues and figurines reviews (391) » clearance reviews (380) » popular authors and people reviews (372) » crosses and crucifixes reviews (318) » prayer cards reviews (310) » teen and young adult reviews (177) » children - educational resources reviews (105) » spanish resources reviews (51) » apparel reviews (49) » new products reviews (36) » rcia reviews (2) » the missionaries of the poor reviews (2) all products reviews all product reviews read reviews of all products by catholic company customers. the items below represent the most reviewed products in this category. click on any of the items below to read more information, including the customer reviews. already own an item shown below? let others know what you think by writing a review. magnificat magazine - new subscription this monthly publication features the complete readings for each sunday, weekday and feast day mass; daily reflections and more! 107 reviews, 4.77 stars read reviews   |   write a review oplatki christmas wafers (oplatek) polish, slovak and lithuanian families observe this centuries-old christmas tradition. the word oplatki means "angel bread". the wafers, which are 5 1/2in. x 2 3/4in., come with 4 beautiful christmas images, such as the nativity or the star of bethlehem stamped on the wafer. each wafer comes in an envelope with the oplatki tradition printed on the back. 58 reviews, 4.45 stars read reviews   |   write a review st. joseph home sale kit if you're having trouble selling your home, call upon st. joseph for a little heavenly intercession. 53 reviews, 4.64 stars read reviews   |   write a review my prayer book (burgundy leather) this popular prayer book is now back in stock! it can also be personalized with debossing. 36 reviews, 4.69 stars read reviews   |   write a review gold/sterling silver four-way with 24 inch chain this gold over sterling silver 4-way medal measures approximately 1 1/4" long and comes with a 24" gold plated stainless steel chain and deluxe gift box. 28 reviews, 4.18 stars read reviews   |   write a review sleeping baby in angel wings the tender image of an infant wrapped in the wings of an angel makes a wonderful gift for the birth of a newborn or for a baptism. 25 reviews, 4.76 stars read reviews   |   write a review st. michael bronze finish statue - 14 inch the staunch defense of st. michael, as depicted in the famous “st. michael prayer,” is illustrated in remarkable detail here. the beauty of solid bronze is now available in this bronze-finish resin statue, at a much more affordable price, to enjoy in your home or office. 14.75”h 24 reviews, 4.96 stars read reviews   |   write a review the essential lenten handbook - daily companion the essential lenten handbook provides everything readers need for a richer experience of the 40 days before easter. 23 reviews, 4.65 stars read reviews   |   write a review genuine connemara marble irish rosary this beautiful irish rosary was hand-crafted in ireland and has beads made of genuine connemara marble. 23 reviews, 4.83 stars read reviews   |   write a review four-way holy spirit medal this large sterling silver four-way cross has a holy spirit dove at center and comes on 24" chain. 22 reviews, 4.18 stars read reviews   |   write a review 7 secrets of the eucharist this profound and remarkably readable book will introduce you to some of the "hidden" truths of the eucharist - truths that have always been embraced by theoligians, saints and mystics, but have rarely been passed on to the average person in a meaningful way. in the seven secrets of the eucharist, these truths are finally made accessible to all, as author vinny flynn shows how each reception of holy communion can be a life-changing experience. 21 reviews, 4.86 stars read reviews   |   write a review hungry souls - supernatural visits, messages, and warnings from purgatory hungry souls recounts trustworthy, church-verified accounts of earthly visitations from the dead in purgatory. 21 reviews, 4.33 stars read reviews   |   write a review new american bible - revised edition (sc) after years of scholarly labor and review, the first major update to the new american bible (nab) text in 20 years is approved for publication. the new american bible revised edition (nabre)accomplishes three major goals in biblical scholarship: first, a more accurate translation aided by modern archeological and historical discoveries; second, a more consistent rendering of the greek and hebrew to more closely express the meaning of the original text; and third, revisions in the nabre reflect changes in modern english usage of particular words (ex. "burnt offering" substitutited for "holocaust"). 21 reviews, 4.57 stars read reviews   |   write a review brown scapular - adult handmade woolen scapular, comes with jubilee medal cross of st. benedict. includes accompanying prayers. 21.5" length. 21 reviews, 4.71 stars read reviews   |   write a review a special place for santa book this narrative blends imagination and historical facts in a delightful way that brings santa claus - st. nicholas - to his knees before the living christ. 21 reviews, 4.67 stars read reviews   |   write a review the gospel rosary of pope john paul ii (cds) this beautifully compiled 4 cd set includes all twenty mysteries, along with scripture and moving music by still waters. 21 reviews, 4.62 stars read reviews   |   write a review the imitation of christ - burgundy leather in burgundy bonded leather with a zipper close, here is an easy-to-read revised edition of this thomas à kempis classic by clare fitzpatrick. the one religious book that is second only to the bible in popularity. this treasured book has brought peace to readers for many ages by showing how to follow the life of christ to which all are called. it has large type and is superbly illustrated. 20 reviews, 4.85 stars read reviews   |   write a review st. joseph figure - 10 inch st. joseph figure - 10"h. resin-stone mix. boxed. 20 reviews, 4.85 stars read reviews   |   write a review the chaplet of st. michael nine groups of four beads each, consisting of three hail marys and one our father on each in honor of the nine choirs of angels. 20 reviews, 4.55 stars read reviews   |   write a review murano style heart bracelet the island of murano in italy is famed for its history and tradition of beautiful blown-glass designs. our stretch bracelet takes its cue from that artistry, in a more affordable version. made of glass heart-shaped beads, and complemented with small crucifix and miraculous medal. 20 reviews, 4.25 stars read reviews   |   write a review the pieta prayer book this prayer book is an effort to present the beautiful truths and devotions of our roman catholic faith, in order that those who use these prayers devoutly may obtain greater grace to better serve god. the book draws particularly on that gigantic source of god's goodness and mercy - a source which is virtually untapped. furthermore, there are utilized some texts that come from private revelations which also can spur us on to receive available graces by emphasizing even a deeper devotion to god. 19 reviews, 4.95 stars read reviews   |   write a review the navarre bible - new testament expanded edition this edition of commentaries on all twenty-seven books of the new testament gives you the complete english (revised standard version, catholic edition) and latin (new vulgate) texts of each book, plus extensive and faithfully catholic explanations of the scriptural texts and their implications for everyday life. it is self-contained with wide-ranging general intorductions, introductions to each biblical book, a table of sources sited, maps and informative notes. scholarly and readable, the navarre bibles are a comprehensive intellectual, historical, and spiritual survey of the riches of the new testament.this hardback edition is a larger size (apprx. 7 x 10 inches) to accomodate much more extensive commentary than in either the compact edition or the original paperback 12-volume edition. the commentary focuses in more depth and length as compared with the shorter, more detailed commentary on individual verses or very short sections. it avoids repetition between scriptural books. there is a unitary vision and explanation for each scriptural book, more attention to the sense of the text, and the avoidance of repitition in explanations of the synoptic gospels. the larger trim size and more ample margin allows for easier reading and note taking than in earlier versions. 19 reviews, 4.79 stars read reviews   |   write a review sterling silver crucifix with ruby stones with 24 inch chain this sterling silver crucifix with ruby stones measures 2" long and comes with a 24" rhodium plated stainless steel chain and deluxe gift box. 18 reviews, 4.72 stars read reviews   |   write a review catholic family gift bible (hand size) contains beautiful full-color section on the holy sacrifice of the mass. nab version. white, padded leather. gilt-edged. ( 17 reviews, 4.71 stars read reviews   |   write a review in conversation with god - complete 7 vol. set series of meditations that follows the church's liturgical calendar. each days meditation is divided into three parts and is five or six pages long. the subjects relate to themes from the mass readings for that day or the liturgical season. this work helps the reader deepen the message of christ in the ordinary circumstances of the day. the 7-volume series totals nearly 4,000 pages. (size 4" x 6"). 17 reviews, 4.94 stars read reviews   |   write a review sleeping baby in wings garden figure sleeping baby in wings garden figure - 7"hx15"w. resin-stone mix. boxed. 17 reviews, 4.88 stars read reviews   |   write a review our lady of grace font - 7 inches our lady of grace resin font. nicely sized at 7.125"h, and designed by the artisans at joseph's studio. 17 reviews, 4.65 stars read reviews   |   write a review wood scapular - oval made from brazilian cherry wood. the traditional scapular images are on the front, and cloth in back, all covered with a clear laquer finish. waterproof! 17 reviews, 4.50 stars read reviews   |   write a review marian mass book deluxe purse set this deluxe communion set features the marian children’s mass book with a gold stamped, pearlized padded cover and gold edges, a satin brocaded purse with shoulder strap, satin rosary case with pearl rosary, scapular and gold communion pin. gift boxed. 17 reviews, 4.82 stars read reviews   |   write a review angels watch personalized prayer card (priced per card) the "angels watch" prayer card, has four angels prayerfully watching over us. with the soft cream and gold tones this is a beautiful prayer card that can be used for any occasion. made in the usa. 16 reviews, 4.63 stars read reviews   |   write a review st. joseph heavenly protector statue from the heavenly protector line by joseph's studio, each elegant heavenly protector stands on a base with a drawer. the drawer conceals a scroll with a reverent prayer. a portion of the prayer is.."remember o most gracious virgin mary that never was it known that anyone who fled to your protection, implored your help, or sought your intercession, was left unaided..." measures approx. 10.25"h, made of a resin-stone mix. 16 reviews, 4.88 stars read reviews   |   write a review noah's ark cross 8.5 inch the perfect illustration that god keeps his promises. this cute resin cross measures 8.5" high. 16 reviews, 4.88 stars read reviews   |   write a review the chaplet of divine mercy in song this sung version of the chaplet of the divine mercy, shown on ewtn network, was filmed live at the national shrine of the divine mercy in stockbridge, massachusetts, where the chaplet is recited everyday during the three o’clock hour (recalling the time of christ’s death on the cross). faithful to the authentic prayer found in the diary of st. maria faustina kowalska, the chaplet calls upon the merits of jesus’ passion to bring mercy on the whole world. 16 reviews, 5.00 stars read reviews   |   write a review saint michael 'shield' medal - sterling silver sterling silver st. michael medal, approximately 1.125"h, in the shape of a shield, 15 reviews, 4.80 stars read reviews   |   write a review the catholic mass - revealed! collection contains a dvd, audio commentary cd, companion booklet, and an original soundtrack cd. 15 reviews, 4.87 stars read reviews   |   write a review catholic advantage buyers club save 10% on every order with the catholic advantage buyer's club! for an annual membership fee of only $10, you can save 10% on all orders! start saving today! 15 reviews, 5.00 stars read reviews   |   write a review in conversation with god - vol. 2 - lent and eastertide a series of meditations that follows the church's liturgical calendar. each day's meditation is divided into three parts and is five or six pages long. the subjects relate to themes from the mass readings for that day or the liturgical season. 14 reviews, 4.71 stars read reviews   |   write a review st. christopher visor clip known as the "patron saint of travelers", st. christopher is one of the most popular and well-known saints. this st. christopher visor clip is the perfect gift to give to your favorite traveler, a teen-age driver, or for yourself! made of pewter, this clip measures 1.5" diameter. 14 reviews, 4.71 stars read reviews   |   write a review first communion bear an adorable reminder of the special occasion of first holy communion. approximately 9”h. 14 reviews, 4.79 stars read reviews   |   write a review silver / blue miraculous rosary this rosary measures 18" long. the beads are a 6mm blue swirl with capped pearl our father beads. the center is a silver oxidized miraculous photo with silver oxidized crucifix. gift box included. 14 reviews, 4.57 stars read reviews   |   write a review copyright © 2011 the catholic company all rights reserved. do not republish contents.