来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121227033144/http://www.catholiccompany.com/blog/
================================================================================

the catholic company | sharing advice on catholic books and gifts my account order status catalog quick order help 866-522-8465 shopping cart ← older posts the holy family, the holy trinity, and you! posted on 2012/12/29 by gretchen december 30 is the feast day of the holy family.  this feast day appropriately falls within the 12 days of christmas where we celebrate the birth of jesus.  involved in the mystery of the incarnation–where god joined to himself human nature–is the mystery that god also joined to himself a human family. this reveals that god allows his human creatures, as bearing the image of god, to play very, very important roles in redemptive history.  and god continues to use humans to play a role in redemptive history–particularly through the family. the holy trinity entrusted two human beings with the tremendous role of being the human family of the incarnate second person of the trinity.  god made the universe, yet placed himself inside the womb of a human mother, the blessed virgin mary.  god is the creator of powerful angelic beings, yet he gave himself a human father as a guardian and protector, st. joseph.  that god throughout the ages invites humans into his grand story and uses them to accomplish his will is simply profound. surely we can marvel with mary in her magnificat, “the almighty has done great things for me” (luke 1:46-55). when we reflect on the nature of the holy trinity, we see that the human family–father, mother, and child–images the divine.  the trinity is a unity of three divine persons, god the father, god the son, and god the holy spirit, in one divine being.  the inner life of the trinity is one of total self-giving love between the father and the son, in such a way that the holy spirit, a third person, proceeds from their union. the catechism of the catholic church states, “the holy spirit proceeds from the father as the first principle and, by the eternal gift of this to the son, from the communion of both the father and the son” (ccc, 264).  the person of the holy spirit eternally proceeds from the communion of the person of the father with the person of the son. when we reflect on this inner life of the trinity, we now see why genesis says that god created man and woman to be his image, “god created man in his own image, in the image of god he created him; male and female he created them (genesis 1:27). husband and wife, in a one-flesh pro-creative union of self-giving persons in the bond of love, images the interior life of the holy trinity.  it is not just individual man and woman that image the trinity (in the unity of body, soul, and spirit), but in a yet more perfect way men and women together, because together they form a union of love from which proceeds a third person, their child. thus all three persons in the human family, mother, father, and child, are wrapped with a bond of self-giving love–and in this way they image the trinity.  and just as this love is continually self-giving and pro-creative in the trinity, so husbands and wives are continually self-giving and procreative. the incarnation of the second person of the trinity, jesus christ, into a human family sheds further light on this profound imagery. in the words of the holy father pope benedict xvi, “god wished to reveal himself by being born in a human family, and hence the human family has become an icon of god . . . the human family is, in a certain sense, the icon of the trinity because of the love between its members and the fruitfulness of that love”. the relationship of mother, father, and child continues, just as it did with the holy family in a more perfect way,  to be the very image or reflection of the holy trinity.  jesus lived in a loving communion of persons in the holy trinity, and he lived in a loving communion of persons in the holy family. and this is something we are a part of in our own families; this is one of the profound ways that god continually uses his human creatures to participate in his plan of redemption.  to quote the holy father again, “god, by having come into the world in the bosom of a family, shows that this institution is a sure way to meet and know him, and a permanent call to work for the loving unity of all people. thus, one of the greatest services which we as christians can offer our fellow men and women is to show them the serene and solid witness of a family founded upon marriage between a man and a woman, defending it and protecting it, because it is of supreme importance for the present and future of humankind.” so, on this feast day of the holy family, it is good to reflect on how your family can more perfectly image this bond of self-giving love found in the holy trinity. one way to do this is to have a special devotion to the holy family through which you will be encouraged to accept this invitation to more perfectly reflect the divine. you can find icons, art, medals, and prayer cards of the holy family here. posted in holy day, patron saints | tagged families, family, holy family, holy trinity | leave a comment st. john and the sacred heart of jesus posted on 2012/12/27 by gretchen december 27 is the feast day of st. john the evangelist.  st. john is known for many things, most notably: 1) for authoring five books of the bible, including one of the four gospels and revelation. 2) for being called “the disciple whom jesus loved” (john 20:2) or “the beloved disciple”. 3) for being in jesus’ inner circle along with his brother james and peter. 4) for reclining on the chest of jesus at the last supper. 5) for being the only disciple that stayed with mary at the foot of the cross. 6) for being the disciple to whom the care of mary was entrusted after the crucifixion of jesus. 7) for being called “the apostle of love” for his extensive writing on this virtue. interestingly, st. john is also known for something else more recent to our modern times . . .  for his strong connection to the sacred heart of jesus devotion. about 400 years before the devotion to the sacred heart of jesus became widely popular through st. margaret mary alocoque, two nuns at a monastery in 13th century germany, st. gertrude the great and st. mechtilde, had a special devotion to the sacred heart. in st. gertrude the great’s book, herald of divine love, she speaks of a mystical experience she had with jesus and st. john the evangelist: “once on the feast of st. john, the beloved  disciple, st. gertrude exerted herself during the matins to praise the disciple whom jesus loved above the rest of his apostles and lo! our savior appeared to her, accompanied by this dear saint, whom he gave to her for a special protector.  st. john spoke to st. gertrude most kindly, instructed her regarding many mysteries and bestowed upon her  precious graces…” st. john invited st. gertrude to rest with him on the chest of jesus just as he had done at the last supper.  after doing so, st. gertrude and st. john entered into a dialogue about what they had just experienced in the intimacy they shared with jesus’ heart: st. gertrude: “well-beloved of the lord, did these harmonious beatings which rejoice my soul also rejoice thine when thou didst repose during the last supper on the bosom of the savior?” st. john: “yes, i heard them, and my soul was penetrated with their sweetness even to its very center.” st. gertrude: “why, then, hast thou spoken so little in thy gospel of the loving secrets of the heart of jesus?” st. john: “my mission was to write of the eternal word . . . but the language of the blissful pulsations of the sacred heart is reserved for latter times , that the time-worn world, grown cold in the love of god, may be warmed up by the hearing of such mysteries”. on the same day (the feast of st. john the evangelist) four centuries later in 1673, jesus appeared to st. margaret mary and showed her his sacred heart displaying his divine love in the form of flames.  he said to her, “my heart is so full of love for men that it can no longer contain the flames of its burning love. i must discover to men the treasures of my heart and save them from perdition.” so, we see that not only can the devotion to the sacred heart of jesus trace its roots to the gospel of st. john, but also that st. john himself, as a saint in heaven, is closely associated with the promulgation of the devotion to the sacred heart of jesus in our modern times, when the world is “grown cold in the love of god.” because of st. john’s connection to the sacred heart of jesus revelation through st. gertrude and st. margaret mary, this feast day is a great occasion to give an image of the sacred heart a place of prominence and devotion in your home.  for instructions on how to enthrone an image of the sacred heart in your home, please visit the sacred heart apostolate. you can find images of the sacred heart for the enthronement from the catholic company here. posted in patron saints | tagged sacred heart of jesus, st. john, st. john the apostle, st. john the evangelist | leave a comment merry christmas from the catholic company posted on 2012/12/25 by gretchen we at the catholic company would like to extend a warm, cheery, and very merry christmas to you and your loved ones! in the spirit of christmas, we’d like to share with you a christmas reflection from our holy father, pope benedict xvi: the birth of christ challenges us to reassess our priorities, our values, our very way of life. “while christmas is undoubtedly a time of great joy, it is also an occasion for deep reflection, even an examination of conscience. at the end of a year that has meant economic hardship for many, what can we learn from the humility, the poverty, the simplicity of the crib scene? christmas can be the time in which we learn to read the gospel, to get to know jesus not only as the child in the manger, but as the one in whom we recognize that god made man. it is in the gospel that christians find inspiration for their daily lives and their involvement in worldly affairs . . .” “in italy, many crib scenes feature the ruins of ancient roman buildings in the background. this shows that the birth of the child jesus marks the end of the old order, the pagan world, in which caesar’s claims went virtually unchallenged. now there is a new king, who relies not on the force of arms, but on the power of love. he brings hope to all those who, like himself, live on the margins of society. he brings hope to all who are vulnerable to the changing fortunes of a precarious world. from the manger, christ calls us to live as citizens of his heavenly kingdom, a kingdom that all people of goodwill can help to build here on earth.” god bless, and thank you for all of your support in 2012! posted in family traditions, holy day | leave a comment advent prayers for the 4th sunday of advent posted on 2012/12/22 by gretchen a time of hope fourth sunday of advent {view the catholic company’s entire selection of advent prayer books here.} advent prayers “almighty, eternal, just and merciful god, give us miserable ones the grace to do for you alone what we know you want us to do and always to desire what pleases you. inwardly cleansed, interiorly enlightened and inflamed by the fire of the holy spirit, may we be able to follow in the footsteps of your beloved son, our lord jesus christ, and by your grace alone, may we make our way to you, most high, who live and rule in perfect trinity and simple unity, and are glorified god almighty, forever and ever. amen.” ~ from advent and christmas wisdom from st. francis of assisi “o creator god, our world is pregnant with the anticipation of the birth of your son. we are bursting in our preparedness, for the feast of christmas will soon be here. everything seems to be in order: the plans are agreed to, the tree is decorated, most of the gifts are wrapped, and we think we are ready. however, lord, as we pause to offer this prayer, we realize that some things have been rushed, and, in the process, some important things have been forgotten. in this brief moment of quiet, help us to be at least thankful. help us to appreciate the word that comes to dwell with us.  help us to hope in the promise of his way, truth, and life. help us to join with the angels who sing your praise. grant us the lasting peace of this great season of joy. we pray in the name of our long-expected lord. amen.” ~ from the essential advent and christmas handbook advent reflection “the spirit of advent largely consists in living close to our lady during this time when she is carrying jesus in her womb. we can think of the whole of our life as a somewhat longer advent, a time of waiting for that definitive moment when we will at last find ourselves with god forever. the christian knows that he has to live this advent beside our lady every day of his life if he wants to be certain of attaining the only thing in the whole of his existence that is really important–finding christ in his life, and afterwards being with him in eternity. there is no better way of preparing for christmas, which is now so close, than by keeping mary company, getting to know her and deepening our love and trust in her.  mary imparts a great joy to our souls, because when we turn to her she leads us to christ. “ ~from in conversation with god, daily meditations, volume one: advent and christmastide posted in catholic books, family traditions, holy day, prayer | tagged advent, advent prayer books, advent prayers | leave a comment crucifix style choosing made simple posted on 2012/12/20 by nick one of the marks of a christian, and specifically a catholic, is bearing a crucifix.  most catholics tend to have a crucifix either on their person, in their home, in their car, or all three. in fact, at belmont abbey college (where i study) there is a crucifix in almost every single classroom. the crucifix is a constant reminder of the sufferings jesus christ endured out of his love for each of us, and his self-sacrificial death that restored mankind’s relationship with god. representations of the original crucifix of christ have been crafted and used since as early as the late fifth century, and they continue to be popular today. over the centuries many different styles of crucifixes have come into existence.  these vary from era to era and from culture to culture. so, how do we choose what kind of crucifix to introduce into our home or wear around our neck, and what do all the different styles portray? i am simply going to cover a few of the most popular styles of crucifixes commonly available today, and if you would like to discuss a different style or add more information to one of the styles mentioned, please leave a comment. st. benedict crucifix the st. benedict crucifix is essentially a crucifix with a st. benedict medal in the center of the cross behind the corpus of christ. the st. benedict medal is one of the older medals of the catholic church and is rich with latin prayers. on the back of the medal is a cross and on the arms of the cross are the initials of a powerful latin rhythmic prayer: crux sacra sit mihi lux! nunquam draco sit mihi dux! (may the holy cross be my light! may the dragon never be my guide!). one can receive a partial or unconditional indulgence with the st. benedict medal depending on certain conditions which one can learn more about here. papal crucifix the papal crucifix is very unique in its design and style. this crucifix is more “ugly” than the typical crucifix as the cross itself is bending and seems to represent worn wood. furthermore, christ seems to be enduring serious and ugly suffering as he is hanging lower than usual with his head tilted very far down.  this can represent christ in the final moments of agony. many have said that this design reminds them of the weight of sin which christ bore and also the ugliness of our sins. this crucifix, though more “ugly” than others, could also be said to be more powerful in calling to mind the great sacrifice of christ.  it is also the crucifix most commonly associated with pope john paul ii. san damiano crucifix the san damiano crucifix is cherished by the franciscans and was fashioned around the year 1100. it is famously the crucifix before which st. francis of assisi prayed when he received his mission from christ to rebuild his church. this crucifix depicts christ as both wounded and strong, surrounded by certain saints and figures in the new testament including the roman centurion and his son as well as st. paul and st. peter.  angels are depicted over christ along with the hand of god with two fingers extended, which has been understood as god blessing his son. this style of crucifix is known as an icon cross, or icon crucifix, because it tells the story of the crucifixion. celtic crucifix celtic crucifixes are one of the oldest styles of crucifixes.  the saints who evangelized ireland, most famously st. patrick, turned the  island and its pagan inhabitants into christians.  many of the ancient pagan symbols were not only “christianized” but used as tools to teach the christian faith.  the ancient celts had a symbol called the sun wheel which emphasized the importance of the sun as well as everlasting life. the ancient christian evangelizers joined the sun wheel to the cross of christ to symbolize christ as the son of god and the resurrection.  the celtic crucifix is usually decorated with celtic knotwork which represented the inter-connectedness of nature. these are just a few different styles of crucifixes which have been very popular throughout the centuries and are still commonly found today. choosing the crucifix that touches your heart the most is not always easy, but hopefully this guide will help.  i know that whatever crucifix you choose to use, no matter what kind it is, will be a great one if it’s special to you.  you can also read our blog praying with a crucifix like a saint to read how important crucifixes were in the lives of many of the saints. posted in catholic gift guide, catholic gifts | tagged crucifix, crucifixes | leave a comment the o antiphons: an ancient advent tradition posted on 2012/12/17 by gretchen during the final days of advent, the anticipation increases as the birth of the savior draws nearer and nearer.  in the last eight days before christmas, known as the octave before christmas (dec. 17 to dec. 23), this anticipation is marked by something special that happens in the prayers of the liturgy of the hours. the antiphons of the evening prayers (vespers) during the week before christmas all welcome the birth of the savior by heralding one of his resplendent biblical titles along with a special petition in light of that title. it is a liturgical tradition started in the earliest centuries of the church and continues in monasteries and convents today, and even in homes of the catholic faithful who make the liturgy of the hours a part of their daily prayers. the o antiphons are special because each one emphasizes a different title of the soon-to-be-born king of kings as foreshadowed in the old testament by the prophet isaiah.  additionally, those who first assembled the o antiphons were very creative with the order in which they are prayed.  if one takes the first letter of each antiphon (in the latin) starting from the last to the first, the word ero cras is formed which translates, “tomorrow i will come.” the last antiphon is prayed on the final day before the christmas eve vigil. the o antiphons are also the content of the popular christmas hymn, o come, o come, emmanuel. for the complete latin and english translation of the o antiphons found in the liturgy of the hours, the lectionary for mass, the o come, o come, emmanuel hymn, and the corresponding verses from sacred scripture on which they are based, check out the the roman catholic lectionary website. listed below are the o antiphons, which are prayed before and after the magnificat during the vespers of the liturgy of the hours.  i encourage you to make a new tradition this year to pray one of these short prayers on the seven nights before christmas eve to help welcome the newborn king! o wisdom o wisdom, o holy word of god, you govern all creation with your strong yet tender care: come and show your people the way to salvation. (december 17) o lord of israel o sacred lord of ancient israel, who showed yourself to moses in the burning bush, who gave him the holy law on sinai mountain: come, stretch out your mighty hand to set us free. (december 18) o root of jesse o flower of jesse’s stem, you have been raised up as a sign for all peoples; kings stand silent in your presence; the nations bow down in worship before you. come, let nothing keep you from coming to our aid. (december 19) o key of david o key of david, o royal power of israel, controlling at your will the gate of heaven: come, break down the prison walls of death for those who dwell in darkness and the shadow of death; and lead your captive people into freedom. (december 20) o radiant dawn o radiant dawn, splendor of eternal light, sun of justice: come, shine on those who dwell in darkness and the shadow of death. (december 21) o king of all nations o king of all the nations, the only joy of every human heart; o keystone of the mighty arch of man: come and save the creature you fashioned from the dust. (december 22) o emmanuel o emmanuel, king and lawgiver, desire of the nations, savior of all people: come and set us free, lord our god. (december 23) posted in catholic books, family traditions, prayer | tagged advent, breviary, christmas, christmas traditions, divine office, liturgy of the hours, o antiphons | leave a comment advent prayers for the 3rd sunday of advent posted on 2012/12/15 by gretchen the joy of advent third sunday of advent {view the catholic company’s entire selection of advent prayer books here.} advent prayers “with our whole heart, our whole soul, our whole mind, with our whole strength and fortitude, with our whole understanding, with all our powers, with every effort, every affection, every feeling, every desire and wish, let us love the lord god. who has given and gives to each one of us our whole body, our whole soul and our whole life, who has created, redeemed and will save us by his mercy alone, who did and does everything good for us.” ~ from advent and christmas wisdom from st. francis of assisi “o almighty god, gracious provider and giver of life, we anxiously await the celebration of your birth. like the people of long ago, our ancestors in faith, we, too, are in need of light, in need of direction, in need of your word, to show us the way. our busy lives and the consumerism that surrounds us make it difficult to recognize your kingdom and to hear your voice.  help us lord, to focus on you.we pray that you hear our prayer in the name of jesus. amen.” ~ from the essential advent and christmas handbook advent reflection “let us get ready for christmas by being close to our lady. let us try, as well, to get ready for the holy season by encouraging an atmosphere of christian peace where we live and work, and by doing all we can in small ways to bring pleasure and affection to those around us. people tend to be convinced that christ has really been born in bethlehem, and few things are more convincing that the habitual happiness of the christian, even in the midst of pain and contradictions. our lady knew many such contradictions when she came to bethlehem tired out and after such a long journey, and unable to find a place fit for the birth of her son. but these problems did not cause her to lose her joy when god became man, and dwelt amongst us. “ ~from in conversation with god, daily meditations, volume one: advent and christmastide posted in catholic books, family traditions, holy day, prayer | tagged advent, advent prayer books, advent prayers | 3 comments st. lucy feast day: lights & sweets! posted on 2012/12/13 by gretchen december 13 is the feast day of st. lucy. st. lucy was a virgin martyr during the first centuries of christianity under its worst persecution at the hands of the roman empire, therefore making her one of the most glorious saints in heaven. she is of such renown that she is one of the saints mentioned by name in the order of the mass, and one of only seven female saints mentioned. lucia means “light” and so her feast day is associated with candles, torch lights, and even bonfires. falling during the advent season—and thus a long, dark winter—there have been many beautiful traditions associating this saint with the meaning of her name, her life, and her glorious position in heaven. in some catholic cultures it’s common to have a mass procession on st. lucy’s feast day with young girls carrying candles, with the lead girl wearing a wreath of lights (which looks similar to an advent wreath). tradition holds that st. lucy would wear a wreath of candles on her head so she could see better as she served the poor christians hiding from persecution in the dark underground catacombs of rome. many countries have special st. lucy’s day traditions, but perhaps the most well-known are the ones of italian and scandinavian origin. according to fisheaters.com, in sweden, “the oldest daughter of a family will wake up before dawn on st. lucy’s day and dress in a white gown for purity, often with a red sash as a sign of martyrdom. on her head she will wear a wreath of greenery and lit candles, and she is often accompanied by ‘starboys,’ her small brothers who are dressed in white gowns and cone-shaped hats that are decorated with gold stars, and carrying star-tipped wands. ‘st. lucy’ will go around her house and wake up her family to serve them special st. lucy day foods” which were usually baked sweets. one simple way to incorporate a st. lucy’s day sweet treat into your family is st. lucy’s bread.  read one family’s fun and easy st. lucy day tradition (perfect for young girls!) here. you can also read more about the fascinating and inspiring life of st. lucy from a fabulous account written by one catholic church who enjoys her at their patron saint here. st. lucy’s feast day is associated with so many wonderful catholic traditions, hopefully you can incorporate them into your family or even into your parish each advent season. in thy patience thou didst possess thy soul, o lucy, spouse of christ! thou didst despise what is of the world, and now thou are resplendent among the choirs of angels; with thy own blood thou didst conquer the enemy! ~antiphon of the divine office posted in holy day, patron saints | tagged st. lucy | 2 comments our lady of guadalupe feast day: facts & celebration ideas posted on 2012/12/11 by gretchen the feast of our lady of guadalupe: december 12 “call me and call my image santa maria de guadalupe” december 12 is the feast of our lady of guadalupe.  our lady of guadalupe is the patroness of the americas, unborn children, and the new evangelization.  our lady of guadalupe is unlike any other apparition of our lady.  first, it is the only apparition where our lady has left a miraculous image of herself unmade by human hands.  second, it is the only piously venerated madonna & child image where our lady appears pregnant instead of with the infant jesus. the historical story surrounding this marian apparition is truly fascinating. there are so many details regarding the time period and culture to which the image was revealed that all combine to make this a truly significant apparition not just for the americas or for the catholic church, but for all of humanity. in addition, there is a whole other fascinating story surrounding just the image itself and its highly unusual properties.  all of this detail cannot possibly be covered in one blog post . . . but here is a sampling! about the story the blessed virgin mary appeared to st. juan diego in the 16th century near mexico city in mexico. juan diego saw an apparition of the blessed virgin on the hill of tepeyac on december 9, 1531, which happened to be the feast day of the immaculate conception.  after a request by the bishop to prove her identity, our lady asked juan diego to gather roses (which were neither native to the area or in season) that were growing on the hill and take them to the bishop. juan diego obeyed and placed the roses in his tilma (or cloak) to carry back to the bishop as evidence of our lady’s appearance. upon opening the tilma to reveal the miraculous roses to the bishop, there was something even more miraculous present in the tilma–an image of the blessed virgin mary. in the image our lady wears traditional aztec garments of a princess.  a black sash around her waist was a cultural aztec tradition that indicated pregnancy for the women who wore it. all the elements of the image point to our lady as being above the gods the aztecs worshiped, while at the same time showing that she herself was submissive to the true creator god while being pregnant with the divine god-man which grew in her womb.  this spoke without words the truth of the christian faith that the spanish catholic missionaries proclaimed. a mass conversion of millions upon millions of aztecs to the catholic faith soon followed—ending the human sacrifices, especially child sacrifices, that they practiced. a church was built at our lady’s request on the hill of tepeyac to mark the apparition site, and today it is one of the most famous catholic pilgrimage sites in the world. in this cathedral on display is the original tilma of juan diego that still displays the miraculous our lady of guadalupe image. the image has been subjected to scientific testing to prove its miraculous authenticity. about the image here are a few interesting facts about the our lady of guadalupe image itself: the image is proven to not be painted by human hands. the image and fabric have miraculously lasted for 470 years. no natural or animal mineral colorings, or paint, are found on it. the image itself is iridescent, which cannot be produced by hand. mary stands on a crescent moon, the same crescent moon on the day of her apparition. mary’s mantel is a constellation map, the same constellations as on the day of her apparition. these constellations tell the story of the gospel. on her rose garment is a topographic map of the location of her apparition. on mary’s neck is a small black cross, identifying her with the catholic missionaries. over her womb on her dress is a four-petal flower, the aztec symbol of life & deity. in the image mary is “clothed with the sun” with “the moon at her feet” (rev. 12:1). a doctor once heard a heartbeat coming from the image through a stethoscope over the womb. the eyes of the image have the refractory characteristics of human eyes. the eyes reflect the witnesses present at its unveiling, including juan diego & the bishop. more resources i hope the information from this blog post will encourage you to have a special devotion to our lady of guadalupe, to seek her intercession and guidance for the americas, for the cause of the unborn, and for the new evangelization of which she is patroness, and to celebrate her feast day in a special way each and every year. 1. learn more fascinating details about the our lady of guadalupe image here. 2. find instructions on how to enthrone an image of our lady of guadalupe in your home here. 3. purchase our lady of guadalupe images, prayer cards, rosaries, books, and many other gifts here. 4. find free printable activities & lessons for the our lady of guadalupe feast day here. 5. find more ideas on how to make this feast a special celebration with your family here. [the original tilma with image as it hangs today in the basilica of our lady of guadalupe in mexico city] pope john paul ii’s prayer to our lady of guadalupe ~mexico, january 1979. visiting her basilica during his first foreign trip as pope~ “o immaculate virgin, mother of the true god and mother of the church!, who from this place reveal your clemency and your pity to all those who ask for your protection, hear the prayer that we address to you with filial trust, and present it to your son jesus, our sole redeemer. mother of mercy, teacher of hidden and silent sacrifice, to you, who come to meet us sinners, we dedicate on this day all our being and all our love. we also dedicate to you our life, our work, our joys, our infirmities and our sorrows. grant peace, justice and prosperity to our peoples; for we entrust to your care all that we have and all that we are, our lady and mother. we wish to be entirely yours and to walk with you along the way of complete faithfulness to jesus christ in his church; hold us always with your loving hand. virgin of guadalupe, mother of the americas, we pray to you for all the bishops, that they may lead the faithful along paths of intense christian life, of love and humble service of god and souls. contemplate this immense harvest, and intercede with the lord that he may instill a hunger for holiness in the whole people of god, and grant abundant vocations of priests and religious, strong in the faith and zealous dispensers of god’s mysteries. grant to our homes the grace of loving and respecting life in its beginnings, with the same love with which you conceived in your womb the life of the son of god. blessed virgin mary, protect our families, so that they may always be united, and bless the upbringing of our children. our hope, look upon us with compassion, teach us to go continually to jesus and, if we fall, help us to rise again, to return to him, by means of the confession of our faults and sins in the sacrament of penance, which gives peace to the soul. we beg you to grant us a great love for all the holy sacraments, which are, as it were, the signs that your son left us on earth. thus, most holy mother, with the peace of god in our conscience, with our hearts free from evil and hatred, we will be able to bring to all true joy and true peace, which come to us from your son, our lord jesus christ, who with god the father and the holy spirit, lives and reigns for ever and ever. amen.” posted in catholic education, catholic gifts, holy day, patron saints, prayer | tagged our lady of guadalupe | 5 comments advent prayers for the 2nd sunday of advent posted on 2012/12/08 by gretchen prepare the way of the lord second sunday of advent {view the catholic company’s entire selection of advent prayer books here.} advent prayers “all-powerful, most holy, most high, supreme god: all good, supreme good, totally good, you who alone are good, may we give you all praise, all glory, all thanks, all honor, all blessing, and all good.  so be it! so be it!  amen.” ~ from advent and christmas wisdom from st. francis of assisi “o holy, patient, and loving god, in this season of grace-filled longing, we await the coming of your son and our savior. it is difficult for us to remember that this is a holy time. there are many distractions: commitments seem to pile up, and expectations are high. in the midst of our busy world, our busy lives, we need your help to remind us of what is important and necessary. while many of those things that we do not need will come to us in packages gleaming and bright, the one gift that will last comes from you alone, gracious god, as we grow in our awareness of your love. bless us, our family and friends, and the food and the company that we share. increase in us a growing urgency to celebrate the birth of your son, in whose name we pray. amen.” ~ from the essential advent and christmas handbook advent reflection “behold the lord will come . . .  john [the baptist] knows that god is preparing something very great, something for which he is to be the instrument; and he himself points in the direction that the holy spirit shows him. we know much more now about what it was that god had in mind for humanity. we know christ and his church, we have the sacraments. the doctrine of salvation has been perfectly marked out for us . . .  we know that the world needs christ to reign, we know that the happiness and salvation of all mankind depend on him. we have christ himself; the same christ whom john the baptist knew and announced. we are witnesses and precursors. we have to bear witness and at the same time we have to show others the way. our responsibility is great, because to be christ’s witnesses implies first and foremost that we should try to live our lives according to his doctrine, that we should struggle to make our actions remind others of jesus and his most loveable personality.” ~from in conversation with god, daily meditations, volume one: advent and christmastide posted in catholic books, family traditions, holy day, prayer | tagged advent, advent prayer books, advent prayers, second sunday advent | 2 comments ← older posts subcribe to our rss feed get new posts emailed to you by entering your email here: recent posts the holy family, the holy trinity, and you! st. john and the sacred heart of jesus merry christmas from the catholic company advent prayers for the 4th sunday of advent crucifix style choosing made simple categories bible study catechism catholic bibles catholic books catholic education catholic events catholic gift guide catholic gifts catholic humor contests employment family traditions holy day new mass translation news patron saints personalized gifts pope prayer sacraments uncategorized archives december 2012 november 2012 october 2012 september 2012 august 2012 july 2012 june 2012 may 2012 april 2012 march 2012 february 2012 january 2012 december 2011 november 2011 october 2011 september 2011 august 2011 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 february 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 company information about us contact us privacy policy terms of service link to us affiliate program view newsletters shopping information shipping information wish list product reviews popular searches printable order form parish/bulk orders how to order our catalogs catalog quick order request catalog satisfaction guaranteed total satisfaction policy return policy order tracking secure shopping about ssl certificates checks accepted partners: catholic spotlight • comfort and grace • rosary • celtic hills • grace designs • providence jewelers • la compania catolica © 2012 trinity road, llc. all rights reserved. website by trinity road, llc and veraprise inc.