来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231042551/http://www.catholiccompany.com/blog/
================================================================================

the catholic company | sharing advice on catholic books and gifts my account order status catalog quick order help 866-522-8465 shopping cart books, dvds, & music audio & video catholic bibles catholic books educational resources clearance art audio / video books gifts jewelry sacraments gifts popular gift ideas apparel confirmation gifts first communion gifts personalized gifts prayer cards seasonal gift ideas rcia gifts young adult gifts jewelry & heirlooms art crosses & crucifixes jewelry & medals rosaries & scapulars statues & figurines seasonal advent christmas graduation lent sacraments summer vacation spanish bibles & books (la biblia y los libros) children's (niños y otros) dvds gifts (regalo) liturgical prayer cards product reviews ← older posts prayer buddy tab removal posted on 2013/12/23 by nicholas our most popular children’s toy is the prayer buddy.  it is a battery operated cuddly toy that helps children learn basic prayers and scripture verses.  sometimes first operating the toy can be a challenge.  the prayer buddy series of toys do not come with a “try me” setting like many toys in stores.  the owner must remove the battery tab from the belly of the toy to operate the voice box.  below you will find simple instructions with a short video to help you locate the tab for removal. step 1: locate pouch on the toy’s belly. step 2: open velcro pouch to expose voice box. step 3: locate and remove tab from voice box. step 4: place voice box back in belly and close velcro belly. step 5: give to child and enjoy! posted in catholic gifts | tagged help, prayer buddy, wee believers | leave a comment bambinelli sunday: a christmas book & craft idea posted on 2013/12/16 by gretchen bambinelli sunday: a christmas blessing bambinelli sunday: a christmas blessing is a great children’s book out for the christmas holiday season written by amy welborn.  it’s a story about a boy, alessandro, whose grandparents run a business that makes figurines for nativity scenes. while spending time with his grandparents, alessandro’s grandfather encourages him to craft his own baby jesus figurine in order to bring it to st. peter’s square for the annual blessing by the holy father, called  bambinelli sunday. through the events that occur in the time leading up to receiving the blessing in st. peter’s square, alessandro comes to see his world in a new way, and receives the best surprise of all in the end. this book for children ages 7 to 10 tells a wonderful story about sharing, comfort, generosity, and forgiveness through the lens of a long-standing italian tradition. the beautiful illustrations and timeless story is sure to make this a treasured advent and christmas resource for families for generations to come. in fact, on amy welborn’s blog, she posts a fun craft idea where you can make your own bambinelli.  each bambinelli (or baby jesus) is made out of clay, painted, and placed in a hay manger. this makes an excellent craft idea for kids while on their christmas break from school, and it’s a good resource for family bonding time. it will also help to develop in children a greater love for and devotion to jesus, who was once a child just like them, which is what the advent and christmas season is all about! invite kids from the neighborhood and the parish to join in to create a special advent tradition for all. the annual blessing of baby jesus figurines is an actual event that takes place at the vatican each year.  children observe this annual tradition by bringing the baby jesus figure from their family nativity scene for the pope to bless. the tradition, called bambinelli sunday, was begun by blessed pope john paul ii to take place on the third sunday of advent, or gaudete sunday. then, following the sunday angelus address, the holy father blesses all the statues of baby jesus held up by the children in the crowd under the holy father’s window, which the children then take back to homes to be placed under their christmas trees, waiting for christmas eve when the bambinelli can be placed in the manger to mark the birth of jesus. photos: (cns photo/paul haring) (dec. 16, 2013) / (cns photo/tony gentile, reuters) posted in catholic books, catholic events, catholic gifts, family traditions, holy day | tagged catholic books, catholic traditions, christmas | leave a comment america and the immaculate conception posted on 2013/12/09 by gretchen “the united states of america is indeed the land of mary immaculate.” the united states bishops, in the year 1846, chose the blessed virgin mary under her title as the immaculate conception as the patroness of the united states of america.  this is why we have the basilica of the national shrine of the immaculate conception in washington, d.c. “with enthusiastic acclaim and with unanimous approval and consent, the fathers [of the council] have chosen the blessed virgin mary, conceived without sin, as the patroness of the united states of america”  decreed the u.s. bishops on may 13, 1846. the choice of our lady in her immaculate conception as patroness of the united states was approved by pope pius ix on feb. 7, 1847. the american bishops chose this title of mary as the patroness of the united states, requesting special permission from the holy father to do so, before the immaculate conception of the blessed virgin mary became dogma for the universal church. in fact, this request of the u.s. bishops to the holy see to promote or claim this title of our lady as their patron may have been a significant contributing factor to the later declaration of the dogma. on dec. 8, 1854, eight years and four months after the american bishops had chosen mary immaculate as the patroness of the united states, pope pius ix solemnly declared the immaculate conception of the blessed virgin mary to be an article of faith. read the full historical of how america became the “land of mary immaculate” and the role of our u.s. bishops in the declaration of this marian dogma here. oh mary, conceived without sin, pray for us who have recourse to thee! posted in holy day, patron saints | tagged virgin mary | leave a comment the spiritual power of the sign of the cross posted on 2013/11/20 by gretchen a great article recently posted online at catholic exchange, 21 things we do when we make the sign of the cross, is sure to encourage you to make the sign of the cross with greater frequency each day, and with greater awareness of the spiritual power of this ancient christian prayer. the cross was originally traced by christians with the thumb or finger on their own foreheads.  today catholics trace a cross over the body starting at the forehead, down to the heart, and left to right across the shoulders while praying these words, “in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit,”  commending ourselves to the lord. “the sign of the cross is a simple gesture yet a profound expression of faith for both catholic and orthodox christians.  as catholics, it’s something we do when we enter a church, after we receive communion, before meals, and every time we pray. but what exactly are we doing when we make the sign of the cross? here are 21 things . . . ” continue reading posted in prayer | tagged prayer, sign of the cross | leave a comment don’t start christmas without advent: here’s everything you need to know! posted on 2013/11/12 by gretchen advent means “to come to” “o come let us adore him!” what is advent? advent  is the beginning of a new liturgical year for the roman catholic church. on the first day of advent, which begins this year on december 1st, the church celebrates its new year’s day. the date for the beginning of advent falls each year on the sunday closest to november 30th – the feast day of saint andrew the apostle. is advent the same as christmas? sometimes people make the mistake of thinking that advent is part of the christmas celebration. in fact, advent is a separate time of preparation all its own. for the catholic church, christmas doesn’t begin until the first mass is celebrated on christmas eve and it continues until the “octave of the epiphany” on january 6th. advent is given to us as a time to prepare our souls for the coming of the lord. this season is very similar to lent which helps us to prepare for easter. in modern times we are tempted to skip over the penitential aspects of advent and focus on the joy of christmas. this is a great tragedy. focusing only on the joy denies the truth: the christ child is our lord and savior who will suffer and die for our salvation. what is the history of advent? originally advent was celebrated over forty days, just like the lenten season. this has now been shortened to four weeks, but the symbolism remains. you may notice another similarity to lent when you attend mass; although we still sing the alleluia before the gospel reading, we no longer sing the song of the angels – the gloria. we will sing this song anew with the angels on christmas day – just as they did over 2000 years ago. the scripture readings during mass remind us of all the prophecies that point to the lord’s coming. we are called to keep watch and to leave behind our sinful ways. we also hear the recurring theme of a light shining through darkness. in isaiah 60:19 we are reminded of this promise: “the sun shall be no more your light by day, nor for brightness shall the moon give light to you by night; but the lord will be your everlasting light, and your god will be your glory.” what is the meaning of the advent wreath? since circles have no beginning and no end, the circular shape of the advent wreath is used to symbolize god the father and eternal life. the wreath holds four candles which are lit over the four weeks of advent. the light of the flame is a visual reminder that christ is “the light of the world” (john 8:12). there are three violet (purple) candles and one rose candle, each representing 1,000 years. added together, the four candles symbolize the 4,000 years that humanity waited for the savior. why are advent candles purple and pink? violet is a liturgical color that is used to signify a time of penance, sacrifice, and prayer. during the first, second, and the fourth weeks of advent we light violet candles. the third sunday of advent is called gaudete (rejoice) sunday. on this day we celebrate that our waiting for christmas is almost over. rose is a liturgical color that is used to signify joy, so we light the rose candle on the third sunday of advent. traditionally, each of the four candles on an advent wreath has their own meaning. these meanings are simply illustrated in the four weeks of advent pewter advent wreath. the first sunday of advent symbolizes hope with the prophet’s candle reminding us that jesus is coming. the second sunday of advent symbolizes faith with the bethlehem candle reminding us of mary and joseph’s journey to bethlehem. the third sunday of advent symbolizes joy with the shepherd’s candle reminding us of the joy the world experienced at the coming birth of jesus. the fourth sunday of advent symbolizes peace with the angel’s candle reminding us of the message of the angels: “peace on earth, good will toward men.” when advent wreaths are decorated the materials often have symbolic meaning. the use of evergreens reminds us of our eternal life with christ, holly represents the crown of thorns from the passion of jesus, and pinecones symbolize christ’s resurrection. there are also candle holders that often have scripture on them, and are placed on the mantle as a constant reminder or what we are preparing for. how do i involve my children with our advent? advent is a great way to keep children focused on preparing for the coming of the christ child instead of on materialistic desires. each new week of advent begins at mass with the lighting of a new candle on the parish advent wreath. our parish family is connected to our personal family when we light our own advent wreath at home. explain to your children the meaning of this week’s candle and what they should focus on during the coming week. a fun way to keep kids involved is to take your children out on a nature hunt to gather the holly, berries, evergreen, and pinecones to decorate the advent wreath. explain to them the christian symbolism of each item and then let them arrange the items on your wreath. please keep in mind that the items may become flammable as they dry out. before using your collected items you can soak them in water or find a craft spray that is fire resistant. also be aware that many of the berries found on plants this time of year are poisonous for children and pets, so please use caution (or pick out silk decorations from your favorite craft store). engaging children with advent calendars another great way to get your kids involved is an advent calendar. most calendars feature a bright and colorful nativity scene at the bethlehem stable and includes 24 windows. each window opens to reveal a passage from the bible that tells the inspiring nativity story. also, some contain a surprise…a little piece of chocolate candy! children can prepare for christmas by opening a window each day during advent. another idea comes from eileen w. a customer from virginia. eileen shared this advent family tradition: “when my two brothers and i were children, every night before we opened the advent calendar door we had to recite a little poem my dad and a friend made up: ‘let us remember as we play this christmas game / it was a night so long ago that baby jesus came.’ it was a neat way of making the calendar a little prayer. my own children do this now and they, too, love the tradition. they think it’s really neat that uncle pat, uncle mike and i used to say the exact same prayer each night. i’ve passed this little prayer on to many of my friends and am happy to share it with all of you as well.” if you have loved advent traditions in your family, please share them below! posted in catholic gift guide | tagged advent, advent calendars, advent wreaths, christmas | 2 comments a pope francis prayer method: praying with your 5 fingers posted on 2013/09/24 by gretchen there’s a new prayer method circulating that’s actually attributed to pope francis while he was still archbishop of argentina. it’s a simple yet wonderful prayer method not only great for teaching kids how to pray, but it’s great for adults too as a reminder to “cover our bases” with intercessory prayer for those around us. this method uses the fingers of the hand as a memory aid to pray for our family and friends, our teachers and doctors, for government authorities, for those who are suffering, and lastly for ourselves. this reminder is much needed, because how often do we pray more for ourselves and our own needs than we do for others? it’s easy to fall into that habit, and this simple prayer method promulgated by pope francis is a great way to overcome the tendency. praying with your five fingers by pope francis 1. the thumb is the closest finger to you. so start praying for those who are closest to you. they are the persons easiest to remember. to pray for our dear ones is a “sweet obligation.” 2. the next finger is the index. pray for those who teach you, instruct you and heal you. they need the support and wisdom to show direction to others. always keep them in your prayers. 3. the following finger is the tallest. it reminds us of our leaders, the governors and those who have authority. they need god’s guidance. 4. the fourth finger is the ring finger. even that it may surprise you, it is our weakest finger. it should remind us to pray for the weakest, the sick or those plagued by problems. they need your prayers. 5. and finally we have our smallest finger, the smallest of all. your pinkie should remind you to pray for yourself. when you are done praying for the other four groups, you will be able to see your own needs but in the proper perspective, and also you will be able to pray for your own needs in a better way. click the image below to purchase this neat 8.5″ x 11″ colorful laminated sheet explaining the prayer just for kids . . . a great resource to hang up in the home, parish, or classroom! [front & back] posted in prayer | tagged pope francis | 3 comments quotes from the saints on the holy name of mary posted on 2013/09/12 by gretchen september 12th is the feast day of the most holy name of mary.  historically, in the catholic bible, names are very important and often contain great significance and meaning. a few of the many names that had great significance in the bible are abraham (“father of a multitude), sarah (“mother of nations”), israel (“having power with god”), peter (“rock”) , and of course jesus (“god saves”). when names are providentially given by god as recorded in sacred scripture, they are often a clue to his future plans for that person and a sign of their role in salvation history. mary’s name is no different.  she has the role par excellence in salvation history as the christ-bearer, the mother of the world’s savior. so, what does the name “mary” mean? the answer to this question is not exactly straightforward and the name could mean a few different things.  it is uncertain which ancient language “mary” is derived from (whether egyptian or hebrew), what specific root word it stems from, and what senses of grammar is involved with its interpretation. however, there are several good candidates for root words that the name “mary” could be derived from.  what is interesting is that all of these candidates fit into what the church teaches about the theological significance of mary. mary’s name could be derived from any (or more) of these meanings:  “bitterness”, “sea”, “bitter sea”, “light”,  “star of the sea”, “lady of the sea”, “myrrh of the sea”, “mistress of the sea”, “loved by the lord”,  “lady”, “beautiful one”, “beautiful lady”, and “ruling one.” here are quotes from the saints, scholars, and mystics on the name of mary: “let me say something concerning this name also, which is interpreted to mean star of the sea, and admirably suits the virgin mother.” –st. bernard “mary means enlightener, because she brought forth the light of the world. in the syriac tongue, mary signifies lady.” –st. isidore of seville “mary means star of the sea, for as mariners are guided to port by the ocean star, so christians attain to glory through mary’s maternal intercession.” –st. thomas aquinas “therefore a certain star has risen for us today: our lady, saint mary. her name means star of the sea; no doubt the star of this sea which is the world. therefore, we ought to lift up our eyes to this star that has appeared on earth today in order that she may lead us, in order that she may enlighten us, in order that she may show us these steps so that we shall know them, in order that she may help us so that we may be able to ascend. and therefore it is a beautiful thing that mary is placed in this stairway of which we are speaking, there where we must begin to climb. as the evangelist says, jacob begot joseph, the husband of mary, so immediately at the very moment of our conversion she appears to us and receives us into her care and enlightens us in her light and accompanies us along this laborious path.” –st. aelred “god the father gathered all the waters together and called them the seas or maria [latin, seas]. he gathered all his grace together and called it mary or maria . . . this immense treasury is none other than mary whom the saints call the ‘treasury of the lord.’ from her fullness all men are made rich.” –st. louis de montfort “this most holy, sweet and worthy name was ‘eminently fitted to so holy, sweet and worthy a virgin. for mary means a bitter sea,[2] star of the sea, the illuminated or illuminatrix. mary is interpreted lady. mary is a bitter sea to the demons; to men she is the star of the sea; to the angels she is illuminatrix, and to all creatures she is lady.”  – st. bonaventure “look to the star of the sea, call upon mary … in danger, in distress, in doubt, think of mary, call upon mary. may her name never be far from your lips, or far from your heart … if you follow her, you will not stray; if you pray to her, you will not despair; if you turn your thoughts to her, you will not err. if she holds you, you will not fall; if she protects you, you need not fear; if she is your guide, you will not tire; if she is gracious to you, you will surely reach your destination.”  –st. bernard prayer from the mass for the holy name of the blessed virgin mary “lord our god, when your son was dying on the altar of the cross, he gave us as our mother the one he had chosen to be his own mother, the blessed virgin mary; grant that we who call upon the holy name of mary, our mother, with confidence in her protection may receive strength and comfort in all our needs” posted in patron saints | tagged bible, mary, saints | 1 comment st. maximilian kolbe: mary’s martyr for christ posted on 2013/08/14 by gretchen august 14 is the feast day of st. maximilian kolbe, polish priest, franciscan friar, and 20th century martyr for the faith. as a young boy maximilian had a strong devotion to the blessed virgin mary. one day the virgin mary appeared to him and asked him which color crown he would rather wear, white (for virginity), or red (for martyrdom).  maximilian’s response to mary was that he chose both: he wanted to live a life of consecrated virginity and die a martyr for christ. in his own words about the vision, “that night, i asked the mother of god what was to become of me, a child of faith. then she came to me holding two crowns, one white, the other red. she asked me if i was willing to accept either of these crowns. the white one meant that i should persevere in purity, and the red that i should become a martyr. i said that i would accept them both.” after studying philosophy and theology, maximilian was ordained at the young age of 24. he proceeded to spread devotion to the blessed virgin mary using modern media technology.  he formed an association called the immaculata which published a daily newspaper, a monthly magazine called the knight of the immaculata which had a circulation of a million readers, and a radio station.  he also helped establish a religious house which grew to 800 friars, the largest in the world at that time. during the rise of hitler, st. maximilian was arrested and placed in a nazi death camp (auschwitz) located in german-occupied poland during world war ii.  while there he regularly offered up masses and was a great consolation to the other prisoners. one day a prisoner tried to escape the camp, and in retaliation the soldiers were going to make an example of him by killing ten men for his crime.  maximilian volunteered to die to spare the life of one of those men, who was a young husband and father. the soldiers took maximilian up on his offer and left him in confinement to die a slow and agonizing death.  st. maximilan died after two weeks of suffering thirst and starvation. he was canonized by blessed pope john paul ii in 1982.  he was declared a martyr for charity and, “the patron saint of our difficult century”.  he died on august 14th, the eve of the feast of the assumption of the blessed virgin mary. st. maximilian is the patron saint of the pro-life movement,  journalists, families, and the chemically addicted. below is an exerpt from one of st. maximilian’s letters where he speaks about his apostolic zeal for the salvation and sanctification of souls. from the letters of maximilian mary kolbe “the burning zeal for god’s glory that motivates you fills my heart with joy. it is sad for us to see in our own time that indifferentism in its many forms is spreading like an epidemic not only among the laity but also among religious. but god is worthy of glory beyond measure, and therefore it is of absolute and supreme importance to seek that glory with all the power of our feeble resources. since we are mere creatures we can never return to him all that is his due. the most resplendent manifestation of god’s glory is the salvation of souls, whom christ redeemed by shedding his blood. to work for the salvation and sanctification of as many souls as possible, therefore, is the preeminent purpose of the apostolic life. let me, then, say a few words that may show the way toward achieving god’s glory and the sanctification of many souls. god, who is all-knowing and all-wise, knows best what we should do to increase his glory. through his representatives on earth he continually reveals his will to us; thus it is obedience and obedience alone that is the sure sign to us of the divine will. a superior may, it is true, make a mistake; but it is impossible for us to be mistaken in obeying a superior’s command. the only exception to this rule is the case of a superior commanding something that in even the slightest way would contravene god’s law. such a superior would not be conveying god’s will. god alone is infinitely wise, holy, merciful, our lord, creator, and father; he is beginning and end, wisdom and power and love; he is all. everything other than god has value to the degree that it is referred to him, the maker of all and our own redeemer, the final end of all things. it is he who, declaring his adorable will to us through his representatives on earth, draws us to himself and whose plan is to draw others to himself through us and to join us all to himself in an ever deepening love. look, then, at the high dignity that by god’s mercy belongs to our state in life. obedience raises us beyond the limits of our littleness and puts us in harmony with god’s will. in boundless wisdom and care, his will guides us to act rightly. holding fast to that will, which no creature can thwart, we are filled with unsurpassable strength. obedience is the one and the only way of wisdom and prudence for us to offer glory to god. if there were another, christ would certainly have shown it to us by word and example. scripture, however, summed up his entire life at nazareth in the words: he was subject to them; scripture set obedience as the theme of the rest of his life, repeatedly declaring that he came into the world to do his father’s will. let us love our loving father with all our hearts. let our obedience increase that love, above all when it requires us to surrender our own will. jesus christ crucified is our sublime guide toward growth in god’s love. we will learn this lesson more quickly through the immaculate virgin, whom god has made the dispenser of his mercy. it is beyond all doubt that mary’s will represents to us the will of god himself. by dedicating ourselves to her we become in her hands instruments of god’s mercy even as she was such an instrument in god’s hands. we should let ourselves be guided and led by mary and rest quiet and secure in her hands. she will watch out for us, provide for us, answer our needs of body and spirit; she will dissolve all our difficulties and worries.” posted in patron saints | tagged maximilian kolbe | 7 comments mother teresa’s humility list posted on 2013/08/12 by gretchen “humility is the mother of all virtues; purity, charity and obedience. it is in being humble that our love becomes real, devoted and ardent. if you are humble nothing will touch you, neither praise nor disgrace, because you know what you are. if you are blamed you will not be discouraged. if they call you a saint you will not put yourself on a pedestal.” blessed teresa of calcutta ~mother teresa~ 1. speak as little as possible about yourself. 2. keep busy with your own affairs and not those of others. 3. avoid curiosity. 4. do not interfere in the affairs of others. 5. accept small irritations with good humor. 6. do not dwell on the faults of others. 7. accept censures even if unmerited. 8. give in to the will of others. 9. accept insults and injuries. 10. accept contempt, being forgotten and disregarded. 11. be courteous and delicate even when provoked by someone. 12. do not seek to be admired and loved. 13. do not protect yourself behind your own dignity. 14. give in, in discussions, even when you are right. 15. choose always the more difficult task. posted in patron saints | tagged mother teresa | 16 comments the holy mass: the golden key of paradise posted on 2013/07/30 by gretchen i love coming upon new saints and their writings that i’ve never heard of before. today i came across the book the hidden treasure, holy mass by st. leonard of port maurice. st. leonard was a franciscan friar, preacher, and mystical writer.  apparently he was very influential because st. alphonsus liguori, himself a church doctor, called him “the great missionary of the 18th century.” one of the things st. leonard became well-known for was his great promotion of the stations of the cross; he reportedly set up hundreds of the stations across italy. in this mystical writing, the hidden treasure, holy mass, st. leonard describes the many spiritual benefits of the holy sacrifice of the mass. this is interesting because we often hear and read many things about the benefits of receiving the body and blood of christ, which are great and profound; but this book associates many graces and benefits with simply attending mass itself, not just receiving the summit of the mass which is the holy eucharist. this should be a great comfort for those who cannot receive holy communion at mass, for example, those who are not yet in full communion with the catholic church (such as those in rcia classes now, or for whom starting rcia is delayed) or those catholics who for whatever reasons have not yet been restored to a state of grace following grave sin by receiving the sacrament of reconciliation. there is great benefit in hearing holy mass (which is the greatest prayer of the church) even for those who cannot partake of the eucharist; there are still graces to be gained! according to st. leonard these benefits apply to the priests who celebrate mass, to the acolytes who serve at mass, and to the faithful who hear mass with devotion; he even says that hardened sinners will benefit from attending mass: “mass is the sun of the human race, scattering its splendors over good and wicked; nor is there a soul so vile on earth who, hearing holy mass, doth not carry away from it some great good, often without asking, often without even thinking of it.” in this book he also describes how st. thomas aquinas (who had a deep love and reverence for the holy eucharist, and who wrote definitely on the doctrine of transubstantiation), after attending mass himself as the celebrating priest, would go to assist at a second mass that same day simply for the great honor and graces associated with doing so. here are a few great benefits st. leonard attributes to the holy sacrifice of the mass as written in this little treasure of a book (again, these graces are associated with simply attending or serving at mass even apart from receiving holy communion): the holy mass calls down spiritual graces such as repentance for sins, victory over temptations, and the grace to walk in the ways of god. mass gives us good and holy inspirations and impulses which helps us to shake off spiritual tepidity and increase in spiritual fervor. hearing mass gives us more upright and pure intentions. holy mass is the most effectual means for obtaining from god the grace of final perseverance of eternal salvation. the holy mass calls down temporal blessings, so far as these may not oppose the salvation of the soul. in addition to those graces we ask for, god grants us many that we do not ask for too. it is possible to gain more favor with god by attending with devotion one single mass than by opening the treasure of your wealth to the poor. and the points above were just a few of the many profound graces described; i pulled these out in just a quick glance through the book. in the book i also found these great quotes about the holy sacrifice of the mass from the saints: “it is most true that he who attends holy mass shall be freed from many evils and from many dangers, both foreseen and unforeseen” ~ st. gregory “in mass are contained all the fruits, all the graces, all those immense treasures which the son of god poured out so abundantly upon the church, his spouse, in the bloody sacrifice of the cross.” ~st. thomas aquinas “without doubt the lord grants all the favors which are asked of him in mass, provided they be those fitting for us; and, which is a matter of greater wonder, ofttimes he grants that also which is not demanded of him, if we, on our part, put no obstacle in the way.” ~st. jerome with such great graces associated with hearing holy mass (even if we do not have perfect devotion in our hearts every time) in the words of st. leonard, “holy mass is the golden key of paradise; and while the eternal father gives us this key, which of all his other benefits can he refuse?” mass is a gateway of god’s grace, let’s not forget that and go as often as we can! posted in catholic books, sacraments | tagged holy eucharist, mass, st. leonard | 7 comments ← older posts subcribe to our rss feed e-mail get new posts emailed to you by entering your email here: shop books and bibles find seasonal items get gift ideas recent posts prayer buddy tab removal bambinelli sunday: a christmas book & craft idea america and the immaculate conception the spiritual power of the sign of the cross don’t start christmas without advent: here’s everything you need to know! categories bible study catechism catholic bibles catholic books catholic education catholic events catholic gift guide catholic gifts catholic humor catholic mom contests employment family traditions holy day interviews new mass translation news patron saints personalized gifts pope prayer sacraments uncategorized archives december 2013 november 2013 september 2013 august 2013 july 2013 june 2013 may 2013 april 2013 march 2013 february 2013 january 2013 december 2012 november 2012 october 2012 september 2012 august 2012 july 2012 june 2012 may 2012 april 2012 march 2012 february 2012 january 2012 december 2011 november 2011 october 2011 september 2011 august 2011 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 february 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 company information about us contact us privacy policy terms of service link to us affiliate program view newsletters shopping information shipping information wish list product reviews popular searches printable order form parish/bulk orders how to order our catalogs catalog quick order request catalog satisfaction guaranteed total satisfaction policy return policy order tracking checks accepted partners: catholic spotlight • comfort and grace • rosary • celtic hills • grace designs • providence jewelers • la compania catolica © 2014 trinity road, llc. all rights reserved. website by trinity road, llc and veraprise inc.