来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231042551/http://www.catholiccompany.com/reviews/
================================================================================

all products reviews | catholic company categories » gift ideas reviews (1747) » catholic books reviews (1499) » sacraments reviews (1425) » patron saint index reviews (1327) » seasonal gift ideas reviews (1242) » jewelry and medals reviews (1197) » personalized gifts reviews (1189) » rosaries, scapulars, and chaplets reviews (900) » audio and video reviews (432) » art reviews (426) » catholic bibles reviews (422) » popular topics reviews (420) » statues and figurines reviews (391) » clearance reviews (380) » popular authors and people reviews (372) » crosses and crucifixes reviews (318) » prayer cards reviews (310) » teen and young adult reviews (177) » children - educational resources reviews (105) » spanish resources reviews (51) » apparel reviews (49) » new products reviews (36) » rcia reviews (2) » the missionaries of the poor reviews (2) all products reviews all product reviews read reviews of all products by catholic company customers. the items below represent the most reviewed products in this category. click on any of the items below to read more information, including the customer reviews. already own an item shown below? let others know what you think by writing a review. magnificat magazine - new subscription this monthly publication features the complete readings for each sunday, weekday and feast day mass; daily reflections and more!please note that we can only process orders shipping to addresses in the united states. 111 reviews, 4.77 stars read reviews daily roman missal, third edition this single volume is the complete source of the bible passages and prayers that form the rich tapestry of our mass. 71 reviews, 4.49 stars read reviews oplatki christmas wafers (oplatek) polish, slovak and lithuanian families observe this centuries-old christmas tradition. the word oplatki means "angel bread". the wafers, which are 5 1/2in. x 2 3/4in., come with 4 beautiful christmas images, such as the nativity or the star of bethlehem stamped on the wafer. each wafer comes in an envelope with the oplatki tradition printed on the back. 66 reviews, 4.48 stars read reviews st. joseph home sale kit if you're having trouble selling your home, call upon st. joseph for a little heavenly intercession. 57 reviews, 4.67 stars read reviews the imitation of christ - burgundy leather in burgundy bonded leather with a zipper close, here is an easy-to-read revised edition of this thomas à kempis classic by clare fitzpatrick. the one religious book that is second only to the bible in popularity. this treasured book has brought peace to readers for many ages by showing how to follow the life of christ to which all are called. it has large type and is superbly illustrated. 44 reviews, 4.84 stars read reviews sleeping baby in angel wings this adorable sleeping baby wrapped in angel wings comes from the joseph’s studio renaissance collection. the tender image of an infant wrapped in the wings of an angel makes a wonderful gift for the birth of a newborn or for a baptism. the inside of the angel wings are inscribed with the sweet message, “heavenly angels, sent from above, keep you from harm, wrap you in love.” 32 reviews, 4.72 stars read reviews gold/sterling silver four-way medal with 24 inch chain this gold over sterling silver 4-way medal measures approximately 1 1/4" long and comes with a 24" gold plated stainless steel chain and deluxe gift box. 32 reviews, 4.16 stars read reviews the essential lenten handbook - daily companion the essential lenten handbook provides everything readers need for a richer experience of the 40 days before easter. 31 reviews, 4.65 stars read reviews genuine connemara marble irish rosary this beautiful irish rosary was hand-crafted in ireland and has beads made of genuine connemara marble. 31 reviews, 4.74 stars read reviews four-way holy spirit medal this large sterling silver four-way cross has a holy spirit dove at center and comes on 24" chain. 29 reviews, 4.28 stars read reviews hungry souls - supernatural visits, messages, and warnings from purgatory hungry souls recounts trustworthy, church-verified accounts of earthly visitations from the dead in purgatory. 27 reviews, 4.41 stars read reviews new american bible - revised edition after years of scholarly labor and review, the first major update to the new american bible (nab) text in 20 years is approved for publication. the new american bible revised edition (nabre)accomplishes three major goals in biblical scholarship: first, a more accurate translation aided by modern archeological and historical discoveries; second, a more consistent rendering of the greek and hebrew to more closely express the meaning of the original text; and third, revisions in the nabre reflect changes in modern english usage of particular words (ex. "burnt offering" substitutited for "holocaust"). 27 reviews, 4.30 stars read reviews st. michael bronze finish statue - 14 inch the staunch defense of st. michael, as depicted in the famous “st. michael prayer,” is illustrated in remarkable detail here. the beauty of solid bronze is now available in this bronze-finish resin statue, at a much more affordable price, to enjoy in your home or office. 14.75”h 27 reviews, 4.96 stars read reviews 7 secrets of the eucharist this profound and remarkably readable book will introduce you to some of the "hidden" truths of the eucharist - truths that have always been embraced by theoligians, saints and mystics, but have rarely been passed on to the average person in a meaningful way. in the seven secrets of the eucharist, these truths are finally made accessible to all, as author vinny flynn shows how each reception of holy communion can be a life-changing experience. 25 reviews, 4.84 stars read reviews daily roman missal, 3rd edition 25 reviews, 3.76 stars read reviews brown scapular - adult handmade woolen scapular, comes with jubilee medal cross of st. benedict. includes accompanying prayers. 21.5" length. 25 reviews, 4.72 stars read reviews the gospel rosary of pope john paul ii (cds) this beautifully compiled 4 cd set includes all twenty mysteries, along with scripture and moving music by still waters. 25 reviews, 4.68 stars read reviews the chaplet of st. michael nine groups of four beads each, consisting of three hail marys and one our father on each in honor of the nine choirs of angels. 24 reviews, 4.50 stars read reviews the pieta prayer book this prayer book is an effort to present the beautiful truths and devotions of our roman catholic faith, in order that those who use these prayers devoutly may obtain greater grace to better serve god. the book draws particularly on that gigantic source of god's goodness and mercy - a source which is virtually untapped. furthermore, there are utilized some texts that come from private revelations which also can spur us on to receive available graces by emphasizing even a deeper devotion to god. 23 reviews, 4.78 stars read reviews murano style heart bracelet the island of murano in italy is famed for its history and tradition of beautiful blown-glass designs. our stretch bracelet takes its cue from that artistry, in a more affordable version. made of glass heart-shaped beads, and complemented with small crucifix and miraculous medal. 22 reviews, 4.32 stars read reviews noah's ark cross the perfect illustration that god keeps his promises. this cute resin cross measures 8.5" high. 22 reviews, 4.91 stars read reviews jesus beads a strand of 100 wooden beads, the jesus beads are a devotional tool honoring the name of jesus and imploring the mercy of god. marked with a cast metal jerusalem cross, the beads may be tucked in an included stamped leather pouch for protected transport and storage. a 3 x 3" gift card features the jerusalem cross design on one side, and a brief history of the jesus beads and an explanation of how to use the beads on the other. gift packaged. beads measure 11 1/2" long, pouch is approx. 3 x 3". 21 reviews, 4.81 stars read reviews the navarre bible - new testament expanded edition this edition of commentaries on all twenty-seven books of the new testament gives you the complete english (revised standard version, catholic edition) and latin (new vulgate) texts of each book, plus extensive and faithfully catholic explanations of the scriptural texts and their implications for everyday life. it is self-contained with wide-ranging general intorductions, introductions to each biblical book, a table of sources sited, maps and informative notes. scholarly and readable, the navarre bibles are a comprehensive intellectual, historical, and spiritual survey of the riches of the new testament.this hardback edition is a larger size (apprx. 7 x 10 inches) to accomodate much more extensive commentary than in either the compact edition or the original paperback 12-volume edition. the commentary focuses in more depth and length as compared with the shorter, more detailed commentary on individual verses or very short sections. it avoids repetition between scriptural books. there is a unitary vision and explanation for each scriptural book, more attention to the sense of the text, and the avoidance of repitition in explanations of the synoptic gospels. the larger trim size and more ample margin allows for easier reading and note taking than in earlier versions. 20 reviews, 4.75 stars read reviews new american bible-revised edition, black premium ultra soft after years of scholarly labor and review, the first major update to the new american bible (nab) text in 20 years is approved for publication. the new american bible revised edition (nabre)accomplishes three major goals in biblical scholarship: first, a more accurate translation aided by modern archeological and historical discoveries; second, a more consistent rendering of the greek and hebrew to more closely express the meaning of the original text; and third, revisions in the nabre reflect changes in modern english usage of particular words (ex. "burnt offering" substituted for "holocaust"). 20 reviews, 4.40 stars read reviews st. joseph figure - 10 inch st. joseph figure - 10"h. resin-stone mix. boxed. 20 reviews, 4.85 stars read reviews boy first communion traditional personalized prayer cards (priced per card) perfect for a first communion celebration! cards are micro-perforated. 20 reviews, 4.90 stars read reviews in conversation with god - complete 7 vol. set series of meditations that follows the church's liturgical calendar. each days meditation is divided into three parts and is five or six pages long. the subjects relate to themes from the mass readings for that day or the liturgical season. this work helps the reader deepen the message of christ in the ordinary circumstances of the day. the 7-volume series totals nearly 4,000 pages. (size 4" x 6"). 19 reviews, 4.95 stars read reviews renaissance collection 2pc. crucifix w/stand - 8.5 inches made of resin, with a wood-look finish, the crucifix measures an ideal 8.5"h, and is mounted on an ornate base, 19 reviews, 5.00 stars read reviews first communion bear an adorable reminder of the special occasion of first holy communion. approximately 9”h. 18 reviews, 4.83 stars read reviews st. joseph heavenly protector statue from the heavenly protector line by joseph's studio, each elegant heavenly protector stands on a base with a drawer. the drawer conceals a scroll with a reverent prayer. a portion of the prayer is.."remember o most gracious virgin mary that never was it known that anyone who fled to your protection, implored your help, or sought your intercession, was left unaided..." measures approx. 10.25"h, made of a resin-stone mix. 18 reviews, 4.72 stars read reviews our lady of grace font - 7 inches our lady of grace resin font. nicely sized at 7.125"h, and designed by the artisans at joseph's studio. 18 reviews, 4.67 stars read reviews sterling silver crucifix with ruby stones with 24 inch chain this sterling silver crucifix with ruby stones measures 2" long and comes with a 24" rhodium plated stainless steel chain and deluxe gift box. 18 reviews, 4.72 stars read reviews in conversation with god - vol. 2 - lent and eastertide a series of meditations that follows the church's liturgical calendar. each day's meditation is divided into three parts and is five or six pages long. the subjects relate to themes from the mass readings for that day or the liturgical season. 17 reviews, 4.76 stars read reviews angels watch personalized prayer card (priced per card) the "angels watch" prayer card, has four angels prayerfully watching over us. with the soft cream and gold tones this is a beautiful prayer card that can be used for any occasion. made in the usa. 17 reviews, 4.65 stars read reviews san damiano cross - 10 inch beautiful 10 inch san damiano cross from the joseph's studio renaissance collection. hand-painted and made from a resin-stone mix. dimensions 10.75"h 8.125"w 1"d 17 reviews, 4.94 stars read reviews sleeping baby in wings garden figure sleeping baby in wings garden figure - 7"hx15"w. resin-stone mix. boxed. 17 reviews, 4.88 stars read reviews guardian angel and st. christopher visor clip guardian angel and st. christopher visor clip with motorists prayer "guardian angel protect me, my passengers and all who i pass by with a steady hand and a watchful eye." st. christopher is gold plated. measures approximately 2 inches in size. 17 reviews, 4.65 stars read reviews sacraments keepsake box this heirloom box, featuring the beautiful calligraphy of david mekelburg, honors the sacraments of baptism, first holy communion and confirmation. keep photos, jewelry and other mementos inside. sturdy, glossed, heavy paperboard. 10" x 10" x 9". 17 reviews, 4.59 stars read reviews the chaplet of divine mercy in song (dvd) this sung version of the chaplet of the divine mercy, shown on ewtn network, was filmed live at the national shrine of the divine mercy in stockbridge, massachusetts, where the chaplet is recited everyday during the three o’clock hour (recalling the time of christ’s death on the cross). faithful to the authentic prayer found in the diary of st. maria faustina kowalska, the chaplet calls upon the merits of jesus’ passion to bring mercy on the whole world. 17 reviews, 5.00 stars read reviews pray the rosary (expanded edition) this new and expanded version of the ever-popular pray the rosary provides the traditional shorter devotion as well as a longer devotion, which includes scriptural texts that give a fuller context within which to pray the mysteries of our blessed mother and her son. the additional or alternative text for each mystery is a deeper reminder of what is being celebrated. illustrated. 16 reviews, 4.88 stars read reviews copyright © 2011 the catholic company all rights reserved. do not republish contents.