来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221219142440/https://www.catholiccompany.com/terms-of-service/
================================================================================

terms of service | the catholic company® the catholic company catholic coffee good catholic morning offering rosary.com j-lily catholic company magazine get fed free shipping on orders over $75*+- free standard shipping (contiguous u.s. only) will be automatically applied order subtotals of $75 or more. other restrictions may apply. please see shipping page for more information. toggle menu the catholic company compare our story blog sign in orders my rewards help cart quick search search search log in quick search search search rosaries all rosaries new arrivals sale personalizable rosary beads all rosary beads catholic company exclusive rosaries brave beads rosary tenners five-decade rosary rosary bracelets one-decade rosary rosary ring / finger rosary auto rosaries fine rosaries special devotion view by color view by type rosaries by bliss rosary storage & cases all rosary storage & cases rosary boxes rosary pouches rosary holders personalized rosary cases chaplets all chaplets jesus prayer beads books audio & video books & media all books & media new arrivals sale personalizable catholic bibles all catholic bibles shop by translation words of christ in red personalized & exclusive bibles bible studies bible accessories bible reference children's bibles gift bibles large print spanish / bilingual study bibles catholic books all catholic books apologetics / defending the faith book sets children's books church teaching & history classics cookbooks & recipe books educational fiction gift books home and family inspiration & personal growth jesus / way of the cross large print liturgy marian books popular authors prayer & spirituality reference saints & blesseds social issues spanish books (libros en espanol) women's interests prayer cards all prayer cards personalized prayer cards healing prayer cards jesus prayer cards our lady prayer cards saint prayer cards spanish prayer cards good catholic all good catholic our series complementary items journals all journals personalized blank journals audio & video all audio & video apologetics audio bibles audio books catholic courses ewtn programs feature films and documentaries marriage and family life music rosary & divine mercy sacraments spirituality studies other printed material all other printed material bookmarks pamphlets home goods all home goods new arrivals sale personalizable catholic coffee brands all catholic coffee brands catholic coffee st. joe coffee thank god for coffee crosses & crucifixes all crosses & crucifixes comfort crosses (palm crosses) standing crosses standing crucifixes wall crosses wall crucifixes sick call sets catholic art all catholic art angels the child jesus eucharist the holy family jesus the last supper mary pieta the pope saints diptychs and triptychs framed prints icons inspirational decor italian art masterpiece collection plaques stained glass & window hangs tile art unframed prints wall art wall rosary statues & figurines all statues & figurines nativity scenes angels bronze collection figurines florentine collection holy family italian statues jesus joseph's studio mary statues night lights pieta saints st. joseph home sale kits candles all candles j. lily candles garden & outdoor all garden & outdoor garden crosses garden flags garden statues & figurines garden stones plaques and murals holy water bottles & fonts all holy water bottles & fonts holy water bottles holy water fonts kitchen & entertaining all kitchen & entertaining aprons coffee coffee mugs cookbooks & recipe books gifts for the kitchen towels tumblers water bottles music & keepsake boxes all music & keepsake boxes keepsake boxes music boxes office all office desk accessories mousepads paper goods/stationery all paper goods/stationery calendars & planners notecards seasonal greeting cards stickers picture frames & photo albums pillows & blankets gifts & occasions all gifts & occasions new arrivals sale personalizable top 100 catholic gifts gift boxes & gift sets catholic company exclusives all catholic company exclusives apparel bags & totes books & media catholic quotables christmas cards classic art gifts coffee brands gift ideas god notes healing saints home goods jewelry magnificat prayer accessories prayer card holders praystrong printed material rosaries collections shop by occasion all shop by occasion advent christmas bereavement & sympathy encouragement & healing wedding & anniversary thanksgiving st. valentine's day lent st. patrick's day easter mother's day graduation father's day quinceañera shop by recipient all shop by recipient gifts for women gifts for men teens & young adults military - armed forces first responders teachers caretakers shop by sacrament all shop by sacrament first communion confirmation baptism rcia catholic marriage holy orders reconciliation shop by devotion all shop by devotion patron saint index jesus christ devotions marian devotions st. joseph (san jose) & year of st. joseph guardian angels holy family holy souls in purgatory holy spirit holy trinity popular modern catholics serenity prayer shop by specialty gifts all shop by specialty gifts auto accessories deals featured artisan gifts gift bags gifts for the home international imports irish gifts leather gifts magnets patriotic gifts pet gifts pro-life items puzzles & games spanish resources stained glass gifts totes & travel bags gift ideas under $30 shop by apparel all shop by apparel short sleeve t-shirts socks face masks hats long sleeve t-shirts sweatshirts chapel veils the missionaries of the poor jewelry all jewelry new arrivals sale personalizable bracelets all bracelets bangle beaded catholic company exclusive rosary bracelets charm corded cuff leather link marian rosary bracelets saint stretch wrap chains earrings medals all medals four-way medals military medals miraculous medals our lady medals patron saint medals personalized saint medals pet medals sacred heart and scapular sports medals st. benedict medals st. christopher st. michael necklaces & pendants all necklaces & pendants crosses and crucifixes irish/celtic jesus lockets marian other devotional necklaces saints & blesseds pins & brooches rings scapulars bliss medals all bliss medals bangle bracelets birthstone rosary bracelets medals with chains medals without chains stuller jewelry all stuller jewelry medals crucifix pendants cross pendants bracelets earrings brooches and pins christian jewelry all christian jewelry bracelets earrings necklaces & pendants rings kids all kids new arrivals sale personalizable baby gifts all baby gifts baptism gifts junior saints books & media all books & media inspiration & personal growth basic faith book sets bibles bible stories children's literature coloring / activity educational resources mass books prayer books rev. l. lovasik, s.v.d saints & blesseds cds dvds clothing all clothing baptismal first communion by type jewelry all jewelry charms bracelets earrings necklaces pins and baby badges scapulars kids mass activities room decor all room decor blankets crib medals crosses & crucifixes framed prints & plaques keepsake boxes & banks musical box, snow globe photo frames & albums night lights statues & figurines rosaries all rosaries rosaries boxes sets sacraments toys & games all toys & games gifts shining light dolls play figures games & activities stuffed animals & plushes best sellers sale rosaries books & media home goods gifts & occasions jewelry kids church supplies church supplies all church supplies new arrivals sale personalizable catholic mass supplies all catholic mass supplies altar bells church candles church linens church vestments communion vessels hosts/altar bread lectionaries & missals mass kits offering baskets & containers apparel & vestments all apparel & vestments albs & surplices altar server apparel choir apparel clergy shirts, cassocks & collars copes & humeral veils deacon vestments liturgical accessories priest vestments art, crucifixes & statues all art, crucifixes & statues framed art statues banners crosses & crucifixes reliquaries stations of the cross angels holy family jesus mary nativity saints & blesseds st. joseph books & guides all books & guides lectionaries, missals, & mass guides liturgy of the hours pamphlets sacramental guides & church resources spanish resources (libros liturgicos en espanol) candle supplies all candle supplies flameless candles wax candles candle holders & accessories advent candle sets altar candles congregational candles devotional & votive candles easter candles (paschal candles) memorial candles processional candles & candlesticks sanctuary lamps communion vessels all communion vessels chalices & chalice-paten sets ciboria (ciborium) cruets & flagons lavabo sets & ablution cups monstrances patens pyxes tabernacle supplies trays furniture all furniture altars & altar rails baptismal & holy water fonts bible stands & missal stands candle holders kneelers lecterns pedestals, shelves & grottos sanctuary chairs tables holy water supplies all holy water supplies baptismal shells holy water fonts & baptismal fonts holy water sprinklers (aspergillum) incense supplies all incense supplies censers (thuribles) charcoal incense linens all linens altar linens & pulpit linens communion linens palls pew markers processional items all processional items candles & torches croziers & canopies processional crosses religious education supplies sacrament supplies all sacrament supplies apparel & linens baptismal candles books & guides chrism & oil vessels sacramental certificates sick call sets urns cart home terms of service terms of service welcome to catholic company a website of trinity road, llc. catholic company and/or its affiliate websites provide services to you subject to the following conditions. if you visit or shop at catholic company, you accept these conditions. please read them carefully. in addition, when you use any current or future catholic company service or business (e.g. your profile, facebook, etc.) you also will be subject to the guidelines, terms and agreements ("terms") applicable to such service or business. privacy please review our privacy policy, which also governs your visit to catholic company, to understand our practices. electronic communications when you visit catholic company or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically. we will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. copyright all content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of trinity road, llc or its content suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. the compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of trinity road, llc and protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. all software used on this site is the property of trinity road, llc or its software suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. trademarks catholic company and other trinity road, llc graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks, registered trademarks or trade dress of trinity road, llc in the u.s. and/or other countries. trinity road, llc's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not trinity road, llc's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits trinity road, llc. all other trademarks not owned by trinity road, llc that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by trinity road, llc. license and site access trinity road, llc grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of trinity road, llc. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. this site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of trinity road, llc. you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of trinity road, llc without express written consent. you may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing trinity road, llc's name or trademarks without the express written consent of trinity road, llc. any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by trinity road, llc. you are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of catholic company so long as the link does not portray catholic company, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. you may not use any trinity road, llc logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. your account if you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. trinity road, llc does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. trinity road, llc adheres to all online marketing bylaws does not actively participate in marketing to anyone under the age of 13. if you are under 18, you may use catholic company only with involvement of a parent or guardian. trinity road, llc reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion. reviews, comments, communications, and other content visitors may post reviews on catholic company, and post comments, suggestions, photos, and other content on catholic company's social networks (e.g. facebook, twitter) so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." you may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of content. trinity road, llc reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. if you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant trinity road, llc a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. you grant trinity road, llc and sublicenses the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify trinity road, llc for all claims resulting from content you supply. trinity road, llc has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. trinity road, llc takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. product descriptions trinity road, llc attempts to be as accurate as possible. however, trinity road, llc does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. if a product offered by catholic company itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. pricing despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced. if an item's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. with respect to items sold by trinity road, llc, we do not charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process. disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability this site and all information, content, materials, products (including software) and services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site are provided by trinity road, llc on an "as is" and "as available" basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. trinity road makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site, unless otherwise specified in writing. you expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, trinity road, llc disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. trinity road does not warrant that this site; information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site; their servers; or e-mail sent from trinity road, llc are free of viruses or other harmful components. trinity road, llc will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or from any information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing. certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights. applicable law by visiting catholic company, you agree that the laws of the state of north carolina, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these conditions of use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and trinity road, llc. disputes any dispute relating in any way to your visit to catholic company or to products you purchase through catholic company shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in north carolina, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate trinity road, llc's intellectual property rights, trinity road, llc may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of north carolina, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the american arbitration association. the arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. mobile messagingby subscribing to the catholic company mobile messages, you agree to receive recurring autodialed marketing messages to the telephone number used at the time of opt in. message frequency may vary. message and data rates may apply. consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. the mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. you can view our privacy policy by visiting our privacy policy page. to join, text faith to 32406 to receive promotional alerts from the catholic company. for help, text help to 32406, call: 1-866-522-8465 or email: customerservice@catholiccompany.com. to opt out, text stop to 32406. product personalization:personalization is available on many of our products. in most cases, our templates do not allow for any additional words or phrases other than the recipient's names. site policies, modification, and severability please review our other policies, such as our privacy policy, posted on this site. these policies also govern your visit to catholic company. we reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these terms of service at any time. if any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. our address trinity road, llc615 e. westinghouse blvd.charlotte, nc 28273www.catholiccompany.com866-522-8465 recommended for you × ok customer service shipping returns & exchanges gift card balance information center our company about us reviews contact us blog careers privacy policy terms of service cookie policy shop wish list parish/bulk orders affiliate program become an insider! sign up and get 15% off your next purchase. become an insider! sign up and get 15% off your next purchase. first name check value email address © 2022 trinity road, llc. all rights reserved. california: do not sell my information we use cookies (and other similar technologies) to collect data to improve your shopping experience. by using our website, you're agreeing to the collection of data as described in our privacy policy. reject all accept all cookies