来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250504092406/https://www.catholiccompany.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy | the catholic company® free shipping on orders over $75* + - free standard shipping (contiguous u.s. only) will be automatically applied order subtotals of $75 or more. other restrictions may apply. please see shipping page for more information. the catholic company quick search search sign in your cart menu account cart sign in my orders buy again lists my rewards gifts & occasions back to menu all gifts & occasions inspired catholic living top 100 catholic gifts top catholic gifts gift boxes & gift sets catholic company exclusives shop by occasion shop by recipient shop by sacrament shop by devotion shop by specialty gifts shop by apparel sacraments back to menu all sacraments first communion confirmation baptism rcia catholic marriage holy orders reconciliation apparel back to menu all apparel praystrong short sleeve t-shirts socks face masks hats long sleeve t-shirts ties & pocket squares sweatshirts chapel veils rosaries back to menu all rosaries rosary beads rosary storage & cases chaplets books audio & video books & media back to menu all books & media catholic bibles catholic books prayer cards good catholic journals audio & video other printed material jewelry back to menu all jewelry anklets bracelets chains earrings jeweled three hearts collection medals necklaces & pendants pins & brooches rings scapulars bliss medals stuller jewelry christian jewelry home back to menu all home crosses & crucifixes statues & figurines catholic art candles catholic coffee brands garden & outdoor holy water bottles & fonts kitchen & entertaining music & keepsake boxes office paper goods/stationery picture frames & photo albums pillows & blankets personal care kids back to menu all kids wooden toys & accessories baby gifts books & media clothing jewelry junior saints kids mass activities meal time room decor rosaries sacraments toys & games new arrivals best sellers sale church supplies saints gift cards magazine quick search search my orders my rewards help 866-522-8465 gifts & occasions inspired catholic living top 100 catholic gifts top catholic gifts gift boxes & gift sets catholic company exclusives shop by occasion shop by recipient shop by sacrament shop by devotion shop by specialty gifts shop by apparel sacraments first communion confirmation baptism rcia catholic marriage holy orders reconciliation rosaries rosary beads rosary storage & cases chaplets books audio & video books & media catholic bibles catholic books prayer cards good catholic journals audio & video other printed material jewelry anklets bracelets chains earrings jeweled three hearts collection medals necklaces & pendants pins & brooches rings scapulars bliss medals stuller jewelry christian jewelry home crosses & crucifixes statues & figurines catholic art candles catholic coffee brands garden & outdoor holy water bottles & fonts kitchen & entertaining music & keepsake boxes office paper goods/stationery picture frames & photo albums pillows & blankets personal care kids wooden toys & accessories baby gifts books & media clothing jewelry junior saints kids mass activities meal time room decor rosaries sacraments toys & games new arrivals best sellers sale quick search search home privacy policy privacy policy thank you for visiting our website. we at trinity road, llc respect the privacy of all our visitors and value the trust you place in us when you share information with us. we want you to know what information we collect, how it is used, shared, and protected, and your options for controlling that information. this privacy policy applies any time you interact with trinity road, llc through our websites, by phone, email, social media, or chat, or in other ways. by interacting with us in any way, you consent to this privacy policy and the use of your information as described herein.  types of information we may collectto fulfill your orders and help us improve and personalize your experience, we collect personal information including your name, email, address, phone number, and payment information. you may also choose to provide us with additional personal information in the course of using optional services such as our catholic advantage rewards program. we may also collect information that does not directly identify you, such as: ip address device information (e.g. model, operating system, general location) internet activity such as browsing and search history used to arrive at our sites, your interaction with our websites, applications, or advertisements commercial information such as purchase history or product reviews demographic information such as age or gender how your information is collecteddirectly from you, as when you place an order, create an account or register for a loyalty rewards program, sign up for emails or complete a survey, engage us on social media, submit reviews, or contact customer service.in order to create the best experience for our visitors, we and our service providers use tools like browser cookies, pixel tags, and web beacons to collect information when you use our websites or interact with our emails. we also allow third parties to use such tools to aid our analysis of user experience or to permit other parties to serve advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you.for more information and to understand your options as regards these tools, please see the tracking tools section of this policy. how your information may be usedwe use your information to fulfill, manage, and track orders, contact you about products or promotions that are likely to interest you, register you for a website or loyalty rewards program, administer promotions or contents in which you participate, respond to service requests or reviews, or serve personalized product suggestions or advertisements to improve your shopping experience.we also use anonymized information collected by tracking tools to analyze trends and continually improve user experience on our sites.how your information may be sharedwe may share your information for our business purposes as permitted by law. we share with our service providers (such as email, analytics, web hosting, and marketing service providers) only the information necessary for them to fulfill their service obligations to us. we may, on limited occasion, share your name, mailing address, and general shopping behavior with other responsible businesses we believe may offer products or services of interest to our customers. we might rent, exchange, share and/or cross-reference information, including contact information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. to serve you better, we may combine information you give us online or through our catalogs. we may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with third parties and others, including providers of third party cookies and other third party browsing and use data. we use that combined information to enhance and personalize the shopping experience of you and others with us, and to recognize our customers so that we can communicate with you directly about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes. if you would like to remove your name from our shareable list please contact us.tracking toolswe and some of our third-party vendors use cookies, pixel tags, and web beacons to maintain the basic functioning of the site, understand if you have an account with us, make product recommendations, and measure how users interact with us so that we can continue to improve user experience. some of these tools are necessary for the proper functioning of our website, while some are used to better understand what you are looking for and how you arrived on our site (e.g., via search, email, or clicking one of our ads). some cookies are deleted when you close your browser, while others remain on your computer until they expire or are deleted. most browsers allow users to control whether and how cookies may be used. see your browser’s settings for more information, and please note that disabling cookies may reduce the functionality of our websites. when you visit or log in to our website, cookies  and similar technologies may be used by our online data partners or vendors to associate these activities with other personal information they or others have about you, including by association with your email or home address.  we (or service providers on our behalf) may then send communications and marketing to these email or home addresses.  you may opt out of receiving this advertising by visiting https://app.retention.com/optout.managing your preferenceswe will, whenever and to the extent possible, honor all requests to access or control your information. users with an account on one or more of our websites may update their information on their account page. you can at any time unsubscribe from promotional emails using the unsubscribe link in the email.please contact customer care with additional requests to access and manage your information: privacy@catholiccompany.com 866-522-8465our normal business hours are 9:00 am to 5:00 pm eastern time, monday through friday, excluding holidays.california residentscalifornia residents with whom we have an established business relationship, or persons legally authorized to represent them, are granted specific rights under the california consumer privacy acts. in order to protect your information from fraudulent requests to access or delete, we will ask you for information that can be used to verify your identity against data existing in our system. this information will only be used for the purpose of verifying and completing your request. depending on the level of sensitivity of the information requested, we may contact you for additional verification. make a ccpa requestright to knowyou may request the following, up to twice in a twelve-month period: categories of personal information we collected about you in the preceding twelve months specific pieces of personal information we collected about you categories of sources from which we collected the personal information business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information, according to ccpa's definition of "sale" categories of third parties with whom the personal information was shared to make a request to access your information, contact customer care at 866-522-8465 or yourfriends@catholiccompany.com or click this link.right to deleteyou have a right to request deletion of personal information we have collected about you, though we may be permitted or legally obliged to retain certain information for specific purposes. to make a request to delete your information, contact customer care at 866-522-8465 or yourfriends@catholiccompany.com or click this link.right to opt outyou have a right to direct us not to sell your personal information under the definition of "sale" in california law.to make an opt-out request, contact customer care at 866-522-8465 or yourfriends@catholiccompany.com or click this link.for residents of the european union:trinity road, llc is the data controller responsible for the collection and use of your personal information as described in this privacy policy. our digital operations are conducted in the united states. by using any of our sites, you consent to have your personal information transferred to, processed, and stored in the united states, and permit trinity road, llc, to collect and use your personal information as described in this privacy policy.residents of some countries may have additional rights respecting their personal information. subject to any exemptions provided by law, such persons may have the right 1) to request access to their personal information, 2) to request to have that information corrected or deleted, 3) to request to restrict how trinity road, llc processes their personal information, and/or 4) in some cases, to object to the processing of their personal information or to request that trinity road, llc export such information to another controller. said persons may also have the right to withdraw consent to the processing of their personal information. all claims or requests respecting these rights should be sent to privacy@catholiccompany.com. how your information is protectedwe maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. while we strive to protect your contact information, to the extent permitted by law, the internet is not 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk. we urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. this is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.we never expose sensitive credit card data through the checkout process or through account management. all payment data submitted to us is encrypted. in order to minimize our customers' risk of fraud, we do not store credit card data. once credit card information has been approved by our payment provider, we discard the data and process payment solely on the basis of the authorization information through our provider.third-party linksour web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. privacy policies on such linked web sites may be different from our privacy policy, and should be reviewed separately. we also engage a third-party partner for the purpose of identifying users and delivering to them marketing on our behalf (i.e. email or direct mail). our partners may collect information directly from your device, such as your ip address, device id, and information about your browser or operating system; may combine personal and non-personal information about you with information from other sources; and may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. this activity enables them to identify you to facilitate the delivery of marketing on our behalf. to opt out of recognition services, please go to https://idx.listrakbi.com/opt-out.html. to opt out of third-party cookies, please go to https://optout.aboutads.info/ we reserve the right to make changes to this policy anytime. any changes to this policy will be posted. our privacy policy was updated on may 18, 2020. × ok customer service shipping returns & exchanges gift card balance information center our company about us reviews contact us blog careers privacy policy terms of service cookie policy shop wish list parish/bulk orders affiliate program referral program sign up for sms become an insider! sign up and get 10% off your next purchase. become an insider! sign up and get 10% off your next purchase. first name* last name* email address our brands the catholic company catholic coffee good catholic morning offering rosary.com j-lily catholic company magazine get fed © 2025 trinity road, llc. all rights reserved. california: do not sell my information bringing you the beauty of the faith into your lives and homes fast shipping in all continental usa! (free on $75+ orders) ok, got it! we use cookies (and other similar technologies) to collect data to improve your shopping experience. by using our website, you're agreeing to the collection of data as described in our privacy policy. reject all accept all cookies