来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091229013207/http://www.baskinrobbins.com/privacy.aspx
================================================================================

baskin-robbins your neighborhood ice cream store baskin robbins return to home page main navigation ice cream flavors of the month classic flavors seasonal flavors regional flavors bright choices™ soft serve grab-n-go the deep freeze soft serve cups & cones 31° below™ soft serve sundaes fruit cream 31° below™ pies sundaes premium sundaes classic sundaes build your own sundae waffle bowl sundaes soft serve sundaes 31° below™ beverages shakes cappuccino blast® fruit blast fruit blast smoothie fruit cream floats, freezes & ice cream sodas cakes classic cakes fudge crunch cakes roll cakes cake creator occasions pies 31° below™ pies grab-n-go pre-packed ice cream hand-packed ice cream individual novelties & treats snacks gift certificates birthday club sign in find a store nutrition about us give us the scoop franchise opportunities find a store birthday club terms of use we want you to enjoy every visit to baskinrobbins.com. any information you share with us will be carefully guarded, whether you're here to participate in our birthday club, browse our flavors and treats, design a cake, find your local store or apply for a baskin-robbins franchise. we encrypt your credit card number, ordering and shipping information and other personal information, including your favorite flavor, through our industry-standard security software. please read on for more details about our privacy policy. baskin-robbins reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time. be sure to check this page periodically for updates. this policy applies only to personal information collected online at baskinrobbins.com and does not apply to information collected offline by baskin-robbins. inquiries. to best respond to your comments when you request information from baskin-robbins or share an experience you had at one of our stores, we'll ask for personal information. this includes your name, address and email address, as well as local store address and any other information you may wish to share. promotional events. when you choose to take part in a promotional event we'll ask for information necessary for the event, such as your name, email address and shipping address. on occasion, we may co-sponsor promotions with third parties. before entering your data you will be notified if third parties will obtain your personal information. surveys. from time-to-time we may post surveys which request demographic information such as age range, gender, areas of interest and familiarity with baskin-robbins products and services, as well as customer feedback. participation in these requests is completely voluntary. with each request you will have the choice of whether or not to disclose information. this information will be used to create new flavors and treats, plus improve the overall experience on baskinrobbins.com. franchise applications. if you choose, you may submit an electronic application seeking consideration as a prospective franchisee via the franchise opportunity web site. if you submit an electronic application, we will collect your name, date of birth, social security number, address, email address, other contact information and certain financial and employment information that you must enter on the form. by submitting this information, you agree that baskin-robbins may retain, use and disclose the information to respond to your inquiry and to help us conduct our franchise marketing efforts. information on your online form will become part of any application for a baskin-robbins franchise that you might later submit. we may disclose your personal information to our business units, agents, parent company, other affiliates and to other third parties as part of our consideration of your inquiry or any subsequent franchise application. we do not authorize unaffiliated third parties to use your personal information for any purpose other than consideration of your inquiry or application. aggregate information. we collect aggregate information about you and your use of our web site whenever you visit us online. aggregate information includes various forms of "click stream" information, such as entry and exit points for our web site (i.e., referring urls or domains), site traffic statistics, page views, impressions, operating system and browser type. in addition, when you request pages on our web site, our servers automatically log your ip addresses. an ip address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your web service whenever you are surfing the web. traffic directed to baskinrobbins.com from affiliate web sites and the purchases that result from this traffic is also tracked by third-party software. this information is aggregated and is not tied to an individual purchase. this aggregate information generally will not personally identify you or be correlated to you individually for external purposes. we may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell or otherwise disclose or use any and all aggregate information, provided that such information does not personally identify you. when we share such information with other companies, it is not traceable to any particular user and will not be used to contact you. if we do correlate any aggregate information to you, such information will be treated like any other personal information under this policy. if you decide to join the birthday club, you'll have the choice to receive occasional updates about our site, as well as special offers for savings at your local baskin-robbins. also, you will have the option to only receive email for your birthday. just visit your birthday club account profile to edit you contact preference should you choose to change the frequency baskin-robbins contacts you. if at any time you decide you'd rather not receive emails from baskin-robbins, you can unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any baskin-robbins email or by deleting your birthday club account. none of your personal information will be given to anyone outside of baskin-robbins and our affiliates, other than our agents who may need to fulfill your order, respond to your requests or inquiries, help us improve our products or website or otherwise carry out our instructions. we may disclose the personal information you submit on a franchise application to our business units, agents, parent company, other affiliates and to third parties as part of our consideration of that application and to help conduct our franchise marketing efforts. we require our agents to respect our privacy practices and not use your personal information for purposes other than to carry out our instructions. baskin-robbins reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety. information collected through our web site is considered a trade secret of baskin-robbins. as the owner of such information, we may disclose or sell such information as an asset of the company in conjunction with the sale to a third party of our company or a portion of our assets. for franchise information on baskin-robbins, please visit our franchise opportunities section on baskinrobbins.com. baskin-robbins recognizes the need to provide additional privacy protection to children. children 12-years-old and younger may visit baskinrobbins.com without disclosing any personally identifiable information. however, it is sometimes necessary to collect some personally identifiable information about children in order to allow them to use a feature of our site (like joining the baskin-robbins birthday club). in addition, be aware that all sites that are targeted to children 12 and younger are prohibited by law from collecting more information than they need. only a parent or guardian may register a child 12 or younger for the baskin-robbins birthday club. when a parent registers a child for the birthday club, we request the child's name, date of birth and parent's e-mail address. we collect this information in order to verify the child's age, send personalized birthday club emails, and provide other birthday club benefits (such as promotions and special offers). parents may review and edit this information at any time by going to their birthday club account on baskinrobbins.com. we will not disclose any children's information to anyone outside of baskin-robbins, our sister brand, dunkin' donuts, and our agents and franchisees. our sister brand has access to children's information and is jointly responsible for protecting children's privacy, but please direct all communication concerning children's information to baskin-robbins (contact information is given below). our agents may need children's personal information in order to fill an order, respond to a request or help provide birthday club support, prevent fraud, or assist us in the management and improvement of our web site. our franchisees may need children's personal information in order to help us provide birthday club services and prevent fraud. we require our agents and franchisees to respect our privacy practices concerning children's information and not use children's information for purposes other than to carry out our instructions. parents may request at any time that we delete information about their children from our databases. if you would like to deactivate your child's birthday club account, please visit your account and remove your child from the registration list. when you enter your credit card number or personal and financial information, we use a sophisticated software program (secure socket layer technology or ssl) to encrypt or scramble that information before it's sent so that even if anyone intercepts the information, it is highly unlikely that they will be able to read or use it. in addition, we take appropriate security measures to safeguard your personal information once we have received it. if you would like to view your account information online, simply visit your account in the birthday club section of baskinrobbins.com. you can also correct any factual inaccuracies in the information you provided to us when you edit your account. like many other web sites, we use "cookie" technology to improve your experience at our site. cookies are small pieces of data that we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. cookies are not themselves personally identifiable, but may be linked to personal information that you provide to us through your interaction at our site. you may find that it is possible to link from other web sites to this, the official baskin-robbins web site, or from this web site to other web sites. those other web sites are not under our control. baskin-robbins is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites. you should consult the privacy policy of the web site to or from which you link to determine the information practices of that web site. baskin-robbins controls and operates this web site from within the united states of america. our online privacy practices are governed by the laws of the united states and massachusetts, which may differ from privacy laws in your state or home country. by submitting your personal information to this site, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to any country and its use and disclosure in accordance with u.s. federal and massachusetts law and with this privacy policy. this english-language privacy policy is baskin-robbins’ official statement of its online privacy practices. in case of any inconsistency between this english-language privacy policy and its translation into another language, this english-language document shall control. if you have any questions regarding our privacy practices, you can call us at (800) 859-5339, or you can write to us at baskin-robbins customer service, dunkin' brands, inc., 130 royall street, canton, ma 02021. baskin-robbins has over 6,000 store locations worldwide in 35 countries. copyright © 2009 br ip holder llc. all rights reserved. customer support: (800) 859-5339 follow us on facebook follow us on twitter privacy policy terms of use contact us site map