来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20120531181853/http://www.baskinrobbins.com/terms.aspx
================================================================================

baskin-robbins your neighborhood ice cream store baskin robbins return to home page main navigation ice cream flavor of the month classic flavors seasonal flavors regional flavors bright choices® soft serve grab-n-go the deep freeze soft serve soft serve parfaits 31° below® mix-in 31° below® pies sundaes premium sundaes classic sundaes build your own sundae beverages shakes cappuccino blast® fruit blast smoothies floats, freezes & ice cream sodas cakes cake bites classic cakes fudge crunch cakes roll cakes cake creator occasions pies 31° below® pies elegant cakes grab-n-go cake bites pre-packed quarts fresh-packed ice cream individual novelties & treats snacks gift cards birthday club sign in find a store nutrition about us franchise opportunities find a store birthday club terms of use your use of this site constitutes your acceptance of the following usage agreement. please read it carefully. do not use the site if you do not agree to be bound by these terms. be sure to check this page periodically for updates, as your continued use of the site signifies your acceptance of any changed items. unless otherwise noted, all materials on this site are protected as the copyrights, trade dress, trademarks and/or other intellectual properties owned by br ip holder llc. ("baskin-robbins") and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates or by other parties that have licensed their material to baskin-robbins. baskin-robbins marks on this site represent some of the marks currently owned or controlled in the united states and/or in one or more other countries by baskin-robbins or under license to baskin-robbins. the display of these marks and of notices associated with these marks is not intended to be a comprehensive compilation of all baskin-robbins worldwide proprietary ownership rights, and baskin-robbins may own or control other proprietary rights in one or more countries outside of the united states. this site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by baskin-robbins. you may not use the baskin-robbins web site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this agreement, or cause damage on or through the baskin-robbins web site. under no circumstances shall baskin-robbins be liable for any damages or injury, including any direct, special, incidental, consequential, punitive or other damages, that may result from the use of, or the inability to use, the web site or any materials in this site, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the website or information available in the web site. baskin-robbins shall not be liable even if baskin-robbins or a baskin-robbins authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. these include but are not limited to damages or injury caused by error, omission, interruption, defect, failure of performance, delay in operation or transmission, line failure or computer virus, worm, trojan horse or other harmful component. you may find that it is possible to "hot-link" from other web sites to this web site, which is the official "baskin-robbins" web site. those other web sites are not under our control. we cannot determine the content of those web sites and do not know whether the statements made in those web sites are true or false, even if someone from our company occasionally visits those web sites, is quoted, or leaves a comment. we are not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of the information on those web sites and cannot vouch for the data, opinions, advice or statements made there. even if we visit those web sites, we cannot be responsible for updating or correcting false or misleading information on any third-party web site. further, we are not responsible for the goods or services that may be offered on other web sites. unfortunately, under our corporate contracts baskin-robbins is unable to accept unsolicited ideas. but thanks for thinking of us. any material you submit to this site will be deemed a grant of a royalty free non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, display, transmit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute these materials throughout the universe in any medium and through any methods of distribution, transmission and display whether now known or hereafter devised. in addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" have been waived. all products displayed on this site will be delivered only within the united states. all prices displayed on the site are quoted in u.s. dollars and are valid and effective only in the united states. baskin-robbins reserves the right without prior notice to discontinue or change specifications on products and services offered on this site without incurring any obligations. except as otherwise expressly stated with respect to our products, all contents of the site are offered on an "as is" basis without any warranty whatsoever either express or implied. baskin-robbins makes no representations, express or implied, including without limitation implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. baskin-robbins does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this web site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. while we make reasonable efforts to provide accurate and timely information about baskin-robbins on this site, you should not assume that the information provided is always up to date or that this site contains all the relevant information available about baskin-robbins. baskin-robbins undertakes no obligation to verify or maintain the currency of such information.in particular, if you are making an investment decision regarding baskin-robbins, please consult a number of different sources, including baskin-robbins filings with the securities and exchange commission. applicable law may not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. accordingly, some of the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. however, in no event shall baskin-robbins' total liability to you for damages, losses, and causes of action whether in contract or tort (including, but not limited to, negligence, or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site. certain products or services offered by this website, and certain areas within this website may be governed by additional terms of use and/or other agreements ("additional terms") presented in conjunction with those products or services. you must agree to these additional terms before using those areas. the additional terms and this terms of use shall apply equally. in the event of an irreconcilable inconsistency between the additional terms and this terms of use, the additional terms shall control. baskin-robbins recognizes the need to provide additional privacy protection to children. children 12 years old and younger may visit baskinrobbin.com without disclosing any personally identifiable information. however, it is sometimes necessary to collect some personally identifiable information about children in order to allow them to use some features of our site (like joining the baskin-robbins birthday club). please see our privacy policy for more information. baskin-robbins controls and operates this web site from within the united states of america. unless otherwise specified on or by this web site, this web site is intended to promote only those baskin-robbins products that are sold by baskin-robbins in the united states and its territories, and baskin-robbins makes no representation that materials in this web site or the products described thereby are appropriate or available for use in other locations. all visitors to this web site are responsible for compliance with all local laws applicable to them with respect to the content and operation of this web site. no failure on the part of baskin-robbins to enforce any part of these terms of use shall constitute a waiver of any of baskin-robbins's rights under these terms of use whether for past or future actions on the part of any person. neither the receipt of any funds by baskin-robbins nor the reliance of any person on baskin-robbins's actions shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any part of these terms of use. only a specific, written waiver signed by an authorized representative of baskin-robbins shall have any legal effect whatsoever. any dispute arising from these terms of use shall be resolved exclusively in the state and federal courts of the commonwealth of massachusetts. these terms of use and any disputes arising under or related to these terms of use (whether for breach of contract, tortious conduct or otherwise) will be governed by the laws of the commonwealth of massachusetts, without reference to its conflicts of law principles. baskin-robbins makes no representation that materials in this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. if you access this site from outside the united states, be advised this site may contain references to products and services that are not available or are prohibited in your country. all names, designs, logos and related marks are trademarks of br ip holder llc.© 2005-2007 br ip holder llc. all rights reserved. baskin-robbins has over 6,700 store locations worldwide in nearly 50 countries. copyright © 2012 br ip holder llc. all rights reserved. customer support: (800) 859-5339 follow us on facebook follow us on twitter privacy policy terms of use contact us site map