来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231233203/https://www.allbirds.com/pages/help
================================================================================

help – allbirds my cart 0 men women about us our story our promise help my account cart 0 1-888-963-8944 how can we help? give us a call: 1-888-963-8944 mon - fri 9am - 6pm pacific time help@allbirds.com fit guide shoe care faq finding your perfect fit our merino fabric expertly stretches to fit the contours of your foot, returning to its original shape when not in use. due to this adaptability, we only offer whole sizes. fit finder all sizes are us-based what us size do you usually wear? men's women's 5.5 6 6.5 7 7.5 8 8.5 9 9.5 10 10.5 11 11.5 12 13 0 0 0 our current sizes fit from women's 6 to men's 13. if you're outside this range, please send an email to help@allbirds.com so we can work toward getting you shoes that fit. how would you describe your feet? narrow average width wide do you sometimes wear other sizes? yes, smaller than yes, larger than no, i typically only wear we are working on expanding our size range, but don't currently have a shoe that fits. start over we recommend you go with a... select this size start over sizing chart women's sizes are 1.5 larger than men's - for example, if you are a m6.5, you can purchase a w8. women us 6 7 8 9 10 11 uk 3.5 4.5 5.5 6.5 7.5 8.5 euro 35 36 37-38 39 40 41-42 cm 22.2 23.1 24 24.7 25.6 26.4 men us 8 9 10 11 12 13 uk 7 8 9 10 11 12 euro 40-41 41-42 42-43 43-44 44-45 45-46 cm 25.2 26 27 27.7 28.6 29.4 more questions? get in touch with one of our fit specialists at help@allbirds.com your allbirds are built to travel so in all likelihood, they will get pretty dirty. don’t worry, we thought of that. cleaning your allbirds remove the insoles and laces, and brush off excess dirt with a towel or soft brush. throw the shoes and insoles in the washing machine on wool/delicates cycle (cold water). do not tumble dry – air dry your allbirds like the good ol’ days. good as new! reinsert the insole and laces and get on with your day. replace your insoles feet stink. it’s a fact of life, and usually absorbent insoles are the main culprit of a smelly shoe. we want you to wear your allbirds for a long, long time, so we offer premium replacement insoles -- high cushion, lined with our merino fabric -- at a fraction of other replacement insoles on the market. these insoles are designed for plush comfort, made with vegetable oil to put the spring back in your step. shop insoles now frequently asked questions product orders gift cards shipping & returns company product do you offer half sizes? we only sell full sizes of the wool runner. we designed the merino upper material to form to your foot, so each shoe is prepared to stretch. if you are a half size, we suggest you size up (e.g., size 10.5 should order an 11). i have a wide foot; will allbirds fit well? you'll be shocked at how well our merino textile stretches to your foot. we have numerous wide-footed customers who are quite happy (including our co-founder tim). i wear orthotics. can i remove an allbirds insole? sure can. we think you will love our insoles, but if you have special requirements for your feet, slide in your orthotics and give the gift of allbirds merino insoles to a friend. i love your insoles! where can i get replacements? right here. glad you love them as much as we do. are the wool runners hot? just like the wool from a merino sheep, our shoes keep you warm in the cold, and cool in the heat. this thermoregulation is a natural property of merino. what about when they get wet? do they smell? merino absorbs water, which is the reason it wicks sweat away from your foot so effectively. when wet, superfine merino still regulates temperature, and they don’t smell! if you happen to be a reporter thinking about using wool runners to cover the next hurricane, we humbly suggest using rain boots. why hasn’t merino been used in shoes before? merino wool is so fine -- ours is less than 17 micron (that’s about 20% of the average diameter of human hair) -- that it has historically been difficult to make a fabric strong enough for shoes. but we found a way. do you only sell the wool runners? we have a number of exciting products and novel natural materials in our design pipeline. sign up for email updates at the bottom of the page to be kept up to speed when we launch new products. what is in your outsole and why is it so cushy? we have developed a proprietary blend of low-density foam called eva, injected into a mold to reduce material usage, and mixed with a special rubber that increases friction so you don’t slip in the rain. our exclusive mix makes a light, but highly durable outsole. what’s up with the box? because we sell directly to you via our website, we designed a patent pending box that is a shipping box and shoebox all in one. it uses about 40% less material, is made of 95% recycled cardboard, and is 100% recyclable – plus, we think it’s pretty good looking. do you offer kids sizes? not yet, but they would look really cute, so we probably will soon. what about us tall people? currently, we cap out at women’s 10 and men’s 13. if you are a woman with larger feet, women’s sizes fit about 1.5 sizes shorter than a men’s size. for example, if you are a women’s 11.5, you can fit into a men’s 10. give it a try. for those big fellas with size 14 and higher, we still love you. send us an email to help@allbirds.com; we want to know how many of you are out there so we can work towards getting you shoes that fit. how many sheep does it take to make a wool runner? each merino sheep is shorn (they don't mind it) to produce enough wool to make about 20 pairs of wool runners. all from a little sunshine and grass! what if i’m allergic to wool? turns out that most people aren’t actually allergic to wool! the coarse fibers on that wool sweater you bought in 1998 will often irritate your skin, creating the sensation of an atopic allergy. our proprietary superfine merino is made from fibers that are about 20% of the diameter of the average human hair, and are incredibly soft. can’t know for sure, but we’d venture a guess that they won’t irritate your skin. in the rare chance that they do, send them back within 30 days for a full refund, no questions asked. the pair i want is sold out! because we are exclusively a direct to consumer brand, planning gets tricky sometimes. sign up for our sparingly sent email updates (bottom of page) and we will alert you when styles come back into stock. what new color combinations are coming available? we refresh our product line multiple times per year. for certain styles, when it sells out we will not restock that style - for example, we do not anticipate restocking our light nz blue and kea red. can i buy additional laces? we are introducing this option soon! orders how do i place an order? we refresh our product line multiple times per year. for certain styles, when it sells out we will not restock that style - for example, we do not anticipate restocking our light nz blue and kea red. what is the status of my order? you should receive a shipment notification email within a day of purchase. once you get that, you can expect to receive your order within 3-6 business days if you selected our standard shipping option. what if i want to change or cancel my order? we don’t yet have an online system to support changes and we try to fulfill orders very quickly; that said, please give us a call at 1-888-963-8944 (monday - friday, 9am - 6pm pst) and we’ll find a good solution. if you’re just getting cold feet, hold on a minute -- we think you’ll love them and if you don’t, you can always send them back for free. where can i buy these? you’re here. yep, that’s it. just here. what currencies do you accept? currently, we accept us dollars, and nz dollars for customers down under. if you are looking for the nz site, click here. gift cards how do i send a gift card? we send the electronic gift card to your email, and you forward the email along to the lucky person whenever you’re ready. how do i use my allbirds gift card? it’s simple -- just copy and paste the code from the email you received into the gift card box at checkout. can i buy a physical gift card? we don’t currently offer physical gift cards, but you can always print out the gift card email and deliver it that way. will the gift card ever expire? never! the code only expires once the full amount of the gift card has been used. do i need an account to buy a gift card? no, you can buy a gift card as a guest. but even if you check out as a guest, you might enjoy signing up for our sparingly sent emails, so you can be the first to know about things like our latest colors and other allbirds news. are gift cards transferrable? yes, all you need is the gift card code. can i return a gift card? our gift cards are non-refundable. if for some reason you don’t love your new allbirds after 30 days, we’ll gladly take them back and give you a full refund on the gift card - no questions asked. can i order gift cards in denominations other than $95 or $190? right now we only offer gift cards for one or two pairs of allbirds, but if you’d like to see more options in the future, let us know by emailing help@allbirds.com. does the gift card amount include shipping costs and applicable taxes for each pair? we always cover free ground shipping with each order of allbirds. since state taxes vary, we can't offer gift card amounts that cover taxes as well. how can i check my gift card balance? the gift card page that displays your code will always show your current gift card balance. you can access the gift card page by clicking on the "view your gift card" button within the email. you can also call us at 888.963.8944 or email help@allbirds.com with your unique gift card code and we can look up the balance for you. shipping & returns how much is shipping? we offer free shipping, returns, and exchanges in the us and new zealand. where do you ship? we currently ship to the us and new zealand. for new zealand orders, please purchase your allbirds at allbirds.co.nz. we are hoping to expand to other regions soon. can i expedite my order? no problem. select priority shipping in your checkout cart; you’ll have to cover the difference in shipping cost, but we are sure it will be worth it. how do you ship? we ship via fedex smartpost for our standard shipping option, which means that fedex takes the first leg of the journey, and then usps takes it to your door. any address that the usps ships to will work for us. if you choose expedited shipping, we will use fedex. we do not deliver to po boxes, as our shoes might not fit. what is your return policy? we offer a 30-day trial period; you can return your shoes or insoles with no questions asked, even if you have worn them out in the wild. how do i make a return? email us at help@allbirds.com, or call us at 1-888-963-8944 (monday - friday, 9am - 6pm pst), and we’ll get you a prepaid shipping label to return. if you can, please send it back in the original box, but if not, any box will do. you will be refunded when we receive the products back in our warehouse. no pressure, but we’d love any feedback on the product you are willing to share. what do you do with used shoes that are returned? we never resell shoes that have been scuffed or worn outside, no matter how lightly. we have partnered with soles4souls, and we donate used shoes to them for distribution to people in need. what should i do with my shoes when they are worn out? allbirds is committed to reducing landfill waste; we build our shoes to last, and you can always replace your insoles to extend the life of your shoes. when they do finally wear out, feel free to send them back to us for recycling. contact help@allbirds.com for a prepaid shipping label. company how are your sheep treated? we buy only the finest merino wool from new zealand, certified by zq merino, ensuring that our merino comes from the most humanely treated sheep in the world. our farmers are prohibited from using the practice of mulesing, which is done with most sheep farms in places like australia and china. they have really nice views too. see zq merino for more info. where are allbirds products made? our proprietary merino fabric is crafted in one of the world’s finest textile mills outside of milan, italy. it is an incredible factory that produces textiles of unrivaled quality, and the only wool mill in europe certified by the european commission for environmental sustainability. our shoes and components are made in south korea. we hold all of our suppliers to the highest standards for environmental and labor practices, and are proud of how factory workers are treated, and the responsible approach we take to manufacturing with minimal environmental impact. what’s with the name? new zealand is an island a bit smaller than california, and about 1,300 miles from the east coast of australia. it’s pretty far away. in fact, we called the company allbirds because it's so far, that when man first arrived, there were all birds, no mammals. the “allbirds” name is our nod to a need to adopt a more sensitive approach to the way we live. how do you think about designing shoes? the shoe industry prioritizes profit over principles (and comfort). we let form follow function, removing unnecessary stitches, colorful branding, and unwanted shoe-tech. we strive to make beautiful shoes using considered design -- meaning, every raw material is thoughtfully chosen for its unique properties, sustainability, and its end of life. what’s your favorite sheep joke? q: what do you call a sheep covered in chocolate? a: a candy baa. you guys sound great – do you have any jobs? well, thank you very much! click here to see current openings. 1-888-963-8944 help@allbirds.com flag flag men women padded insole gift cards our story our promise help press careers sf pop-up store sep 7—jan 31 shinola san francisco53 hotaling place san francisco, ca 94111 mon—sat 10am–7pmsun 11am–6pm stay in touch @allbirds @allbirds terms of use privacy policy © 2016 allbirds, inc. all rights reserved.