来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191230160422/https://www.allbirds.com/pages/press
================================================================================

press shop all shoesrunnersloungersskipperstoppersrunner-upsshop all sockshidersquarterstubersshop all accessorieslace kitssleeping masksinsolesdigital gift cardsphysical gift cardsmen’s mizzle collectiongifts for himshop all shoesrunnersloungersbreezersskipperstoppersrunner-upsshop all sockshidersquarterstubersshop all accessorieslace kitssleeping masksinsolesdigital gift cardsphysical gift cardswomen’s mizzle collectiongifts for herour materialsstoresaccounthelp presscontact us directly: press@allbirds.comdownload the press kit featured press apr 22, 2019 the mystery of business casual the first time i tried on a pair of allbirds sneakers, i was in the brand’s san francisco boutique, sitting on a gently curved wooden stool designed to tip forward in aid of shoe-changing. the stool was created by the same people who design the start-up’s shoes, and it made me feel the same combination of familiarity and irritation: do we really need tech to disrupt the established technology of stools and sneakers? view full article dec 30, 2018 sneakernomics: all change in the trainer business four years ago joey zwillinger was an executive at a "hot" biotech company and making good money. so when he decided to leave to join a start-up making trainers out of wool, friends and family were bemused. "they naturally said i was quite dumb," he says. and that was among the more polite reactions...but for mr zwillinger and his co-founder tim brown, the creation of allbirds was not quite the crazy leap of faith that it seemed back in 2014. view full article mar 15, 2018 allbirds hooked you on wool shoes. next, shoes made from trees allbirds, the silicon valley startup behind a wildly popular wool sneaker, is pivoting from sheep to trees. the venture-capital darling is unveiling two new models thursday made with the fibers of eucalyptus trees, effectively doubling its product line. one of its new kicks will be a flora version of its seminal, minimalist running shoe. view full article feb 27, 2018 we tried 'the world's most comfortable shoes' to see if they're as great as everyone says they are we tried the loungers and they are ridiculously soft, breathable, and supportive. they're also machine washable, so any grime isn't permanent, plus it means we don't worry about the fact that we prefer to wear them without socks. view full article mar 15, 2018 allbirds co-founders on their new plant-based shoe collection in its first two years, sneaker startup allbirds sold more than a million pairs of shoes. the san francisco-based company says it's committed to using sustainable environmental practices to make what it calls "the world's most comfortable shoe." the company is launching tree, a new line of shoes with material sourced from eucalyptus. view full article jan 1, 2017 allbirds, the sustainable sneaker that's growing in popularity without a big brand name the sneaker is crafted from new zeland's superfine merino wool — unlike most modern models made of synthetic wool — and is the reason behind the flagship shoe's name, the "wool runner." view full article jan 17, 2018 allbirds is shaking up footwear with machine-washable wool shoes the company's first product is machine-washable wool sneakers, but brown and zwillinger describe allbirds as a textile company that strives to be sustainable and create comfortable gear. view full article oct 4, 2017 the most comfortable walking shoes for travel these sneakers, cult favorites from san francisco, are made entirely of ultra-soft merino wool and lightweight, super-flexible rubber—which means they feel like walking on a cloud view full article sep 25, 2017 allbirds makes a one-way flight to new york city the san francisco-based brand operates mostly online and only had a retail location in the city but just recently, they launched the opening of their second retail location in new york city’s soho. view full article sep 2, 2019 allbirds crafts shoes from renewable materials including wool and castor beans footwear brand allbirds uses merino wool to manufacture the textile uppers of its wool runners shoes, which also feature laces made from recycled plastic bottles and insoles produced using castor bean oil. allbirds co-founder tim brown was disappointed with the synthetic materials used to manufacture most footwear and set out to develop an alternative that is both more comfortable and more sustainable. view full article mar 2, 2017 these sneakers are affordable, sustainable, and genuinely stylish there are a couple things about allbirds that are surprising, but there's one that rises above the rest. it's not that the sneakers are made from new zealand wool, though wool isn't a traditional choice for shoes and new zealand isn't exactly the first place we think of when we think of sneakers. view full article apr 22, 2019 allbirds imposed a carbon tax on itself–and your brand should, too as a fashion journalist who cares about sustainability, i see many brands trying to save the planet in their own way. some, like everlane and adidas, are tackling plastic pollution. others, like marine layer and for days, are developing circular systems that make new clothes out of old clothes. but here’s the thing: it’s now clear that climate change is the most pressing issue for us to address, because if we don’t deal with the problem now, our own survival is at risk. view full article aug 1, 2018 allbirds wants to fix your sole allbirds‘ newest product, a flip-flop, is deceptively simple. the two-year-old startup–which took silicon valley by storm with its wool sneakers–is now releasing a sandal made from a piece of squishy, lightweight foam. the base softly cradles your foot when you slip it on, and a polyester strap with a microsuede lining sits snugly between your toes. there’s no doubt it’s a comfortable piece of footwear. still, to the untrained eye, it looks like any other flip-flop on the market. view full article april 30, 2016 allbirds merino wool sneakers: shockingly comfortable, sustainable, beautiful when i first laid eyes on a gray pair of allbirds sneaks, my first thought was that they look a bit like yeezy’s, and... view full article may 2, 2019 at long last, allbirds is making ballet flats allbirds is known as the maker of the "world's most comfortable" sneakers. it was only a matter of time until it went after the title in other shoe categories. up next is another beloved wardrobe staple: ballet flats. view full article jan 16, 2019 goodbye ‘ugly’ shoes – hello comfy trainers for the hygge generation since when did fashion care about comfort? “it’s a dirty word, so we were warned off it,” says tim brown, co-founder of allbirds, the incredibly sensible shoe company, which time magazine called “the world’s most comfortable shoe”, and whose fabric one google reviewer compared to “clouds”. the brand’s neat little woollen trainers, worn by the likes of leonardo dicaprio, mila kunis, and emma watson, are affordable, logo-free, environmentally friendly, and deeply uncool. they have also just sold their millionth pair. view full article nov 30, 2017 how allbirds surpassed nike as the fastest growing shoe company in the world allbirds launched around 18 months ago, so their hockey stick growth (forgive the buzzword) is something every startup, especially in the fashion industry, should study. according to their founder, joey zwillinger, their success had to do with three things: timing, product and ingenuity. view full article aug 28, 2019 these $95 celeb-loved sneakers are as comfortable as wearing slippers all day the brand's cool runner shoe has been seen on the feet of so many celebrities, from kristen stewart to mila kunis to jessica alba. even fashion icon sarah jessica parker is into the casual sneakers. and, well, can you blame them? view full article may 23, 2018 if you want to help save the planet while staying stylish, allbirds has got you covered reduce your carbon footprint one step at a time with these sustainable sneakers. view full article aug 11, 2017 to fit into silicon valley, wear these wool shoes now comes the allbird, a knit wool loafer. in uncomfortable times, silicon valley has turned to a comfortable shoe. if there’s a venture capitalist nearby, there’s probably a pair of allbirds, too. view full article mar 26, 2018 when your shoes are made of wood pulp tim brown, a world cup soccer player from wellington, new zealand, and joey zwillinger, the head of an eco-friendly algae-chemical company, met through their wives a while back, and, observing a trend toward workplace informality, went into business with a loose idea: knitted woolen sneakers. view full article jun 10, 2019 how i built this - allbirds: tim brown & joey zwillinger growing up, tim brown discovered he was very good at two things: design and soccer. while playing professional soccer in new zealand, he was turned off by the flashy logos on most athletic gear. view full article aug 1, 2018 leonardo dicaprio invests in footwear brand allbirds: 'i am proud to join the company' leonardo dicaprio takes his footwear choices very seriously — so much so that he just invested his money in one of his favorite sneaker brands. the environmentally conscious actor has teamed up with sustainable footwear company allbirds, news that comes hot on the heels of the brand’s latest launch: a sustainable, eco-friendly sole unveiled on the label’s debut flip-flop. view full article nov 16, 2017 nothing makes more sense than this allbirds x outdoor voices collab today, outdoor voices and allbirds unveiled their first-ever collaboration. and when you consider the brands’ minimal aesthetics, instagram clout, and shared philosophy of staying active (whatever that looks like for you) and being comfortable while you do it, it’s pretty much a no-brainer that the two would team up. view full article aug 17, 2017 the brand behind those comfy merino wool sneakers just launched a new shoe style meet (and shop) allbirds' wool loungers in four colors — a smart-looking, just as comfortable slip-on version of its original silhouette. view full article jun 6, 2019 a deep dive on every single allbirds shoe you may remember the internet uproar in february when barack obama wore the wooly tennis shoes to a college basketball game, or read about the brand’s receipt of an undisclosed investment from leo. (you know: leo.) view full article nov 22, 2017 how sustainable fashion is being 'disrupted' from italian luxury label ferragamo selling a capsule collection of scarves made from orange fibres to australian brands making togs from plastic fished from the ocean there is, to borrow from the tech world, some "disruption" happening in the world of sustainable fashion. view full article mar 1, 2016 the world’s most comfortable shoes are made of super-soft wool allbirds may be the next big thing in anonymous luxury. next in line for disruption: sneakers... view full article nov 15, 2018 shoes that could help save the world the shoe industry has a big carbon footprint, thanks in part to the fact that many shoe parts—including plastic soles, logos and shoelace tips—are made from petroleum. retail startup allbirds is testing an eco-friendly alternative: sweetfoam, a new material made from parts of sugarcane that would otherwise be discarded (thereby releasing climate change–causing carbon dioxide into the air). view full article jan 2, 2018 how this sneaker startup sparked a footwear frenzy today's donna farizan met up with the founders of allbirds footwear in san francisco, a startup that specializes in sneakers made from all-natural wool, to find out how what inspired their sustainable and innovative line that’s coveted by tech giants and celebrities alike. view full article apr 17, 2018 style q&a: allbirds shoe brand launches in canada joey zwillinger and tim brown, the brand’s founders, chatted with postmedia news about launching their wool-focused footwear brand in canada, what their footwear brand is all about — and why comfort and sustainability is possible in the footwear space. view full article jun 8, 2018 how allbirds founders tim brown and joey zwillinger are paving the way for sustainable footwear a visionary designer and an entrepreneur have joined forces to create environmentally sustainable footwear. comfort and fashion have not been easy bedfellows, but on the hilly streets of san francisco, pedestrians have found the middle ground. a start-up consultant who i meet for coffee one morning in hayes valley is wearing simple shoes from allbirds – medium-thickness soles, laces that match the body – natch, telling me that san franciscans are proud to finally be able to wear a home-grown brand. view full article may 14, 2019 how allbirds built a sustainable supply chain when former new zealand footballer tim brown and biotech engineer joey zwillinger launched the first allbirds sneaker in 2016, it already had a sustainably sourced merino wool upper and an insole derived from castor bean oil. but to their minds, it had one flaw: the shoelaces weren’t made from recycled material. so the san francisco-based duo launched with laces made from virgin polyester and kept pressing their factory to come up with a solution. view full article may 21, 2018 how the ‘world’s most comfortable shoe’ is challenging nike and adidas it all comes back to the wool. the idea to build the business around a natural fiber came to co-founder tim brown, a native of new zealand, or as he calls it, “the land of 29 million sheep.” view full article aug 13, 2019 allbirds steps into apparel with sustainable socks when allbirds set out to reinvent footwear in 2014, it couldn’t have anticipated that its shoes would become a staple in the modern eco-conscious person’s wardrobe. its signature sneakers, made from merino wool, have sold more than a million pairs around the world. barack obama wears allbirds. oprah winfrey wears allbirds. so does larry page, and seemingly every other person in silicon valley. the juggernaut of success has driven the company to expand its menu, from slippers and high-tops to shoelaces made from recycled plastic to a line of children’s shoes, adorably named smallbirds. view full article help 1-888-963-8944 1-814-251-9966 (text) help@allbirds.com returns/exchanges faq/contact us shop men's shoes women's shoes kids' shoes socks gift cards company our stores our story our materials our commitment partnerships careers press follow our flock! exclusive offers, a heads up on new things, and sightings of allbirds in the wild. oh, we have cute sheep, too. #weareallbirds © 2019 allbirds, inc. all rights reserved. terms, privacy & accessibility