来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231145433/https://www.allbirds.com/pages/press
================================================================================

press shop all shoesrunning shoesrunnersloungersskipperstoppersmizzlesshop all apparelt-shirtssweatersjacketsunderwearsocksshop all accessoriesface maskslace kitsinsolesdigital gift cardsplanet-friendly giftsfluffy by natureshop all shoesrunning shoesrunnersloungersbreezersskipperstoppersmizzlesshop all apparelt-shirtssweatersjacketsunderwearsocksshop all accessoriesface maskslace kitsinsolesdigital gift cardsplanet-friendly giftsfluffy by naturekidsgiftsour materialsstoresaccounthelp presscontact us directly: press@allbirds.com featured press apr 22, 2019 the mystery of business casual the first time i tried on a pair of allbirds sneakers, i was in the brand’s san francisco boutique, sitting on a gently curved wooden stool designed to tip forward in aid of shoe-changing. the stool was created by the same people who design the start-up’s shoes, and it made me feel the same combination of familiarity and irritation: do we really need tech to disrupt the established technology of stools and sneakers? view full article dec 30, 2018 sneakernomics: all change in the trainer business four years ago joey zwillinger was an executive at a "hot" biotech company and making good money. so when he decided to leave to join a start-up making trainers out of wool, friends and family were bemused. "they naturally said i was quite dumb," he says. and that was among the more polite reactions...but for mr zwillinger and his co-founder tim brown, the creation of allbirds was not quite the crazy leap of faith that it seemed back in 2014. view full article mar 15, 2018 allbirds hooked you on wool shoes. next, shoes made from trees allbirds, the silicon valley startup behind a wildly popular wool sneaker, is pivoting from sheep to trees. the venture-capital darling is unveiling two new models thursday made with the fibers of eucalyptus trees, effectively doubling its product line. one of its new kicks will be a flora version of its seminal, minimalist running shoe. view full article apr 1, 2020 allbirds looks beyond covid-19 crisis with carbon calorie count for the last year, allbirds has been working towards full transparency on the carbon footprint of every major product the company makes. it’s an initiative that a month or so ago would have been a buzzy addition to the growing conversation around fashion’s climate impact. view full article april 14, 2020 the allbirds dasher sets a sustainable pace that all running brands should strive for with the ecofriendly footwear brand’s first step into the performance realm, the new allbirds dasher brings us one step closer to showing form, function and sustainability don't have to be mutually exclusive view full article mar 15, 2018 allbirds co-founders on their new plant-based shoe collection in its first two years, sneaker startup allbirds sold more than a million pairs of shoes. the san francisco-based company says it's committed to using sustainable environmental practices to make what it calls "the world's most comfortable shoe." the company is launching tree, a new line of shoes with material sourced from eucalyptus. view full article sep 25, 2019 allbirds ceo joey zwillinger on amazon’s new competitive shoe zwillinger’s comments follow revelations that e-commerce giant amazon is selling a shoe that looks like allbirds’ popular sneakers called the wool runners. view full article jan 17, 2018 allbirds is shaking up footwear with machine-washable wool shoes the company's first product is machine-washable wool sneakers, but brown and zwillinger describe allbirds as a textile company that strives to be sustainable and create comfortable gear. view full article sep 2, 2019 allbirds crafts shoes from renewable materials including wool and castor beans footwear brand allbirds uses merino wool to manufacture the textile uppers of its wool runners shoes, which also feature laces made from recycled plastic bottles and insoles produced using castor bean oil. allbirds co-founder tim brown was disappointed with the synthetic materials used to manufacture most footwear and set out to develop an alternative that is both more comfortable and more sustainable. view full article apr 22, 2019 allbirds imposed a carbon tax on itself–and your brand should, too as a fashion journalist who cares about sustainability, i see many brands trying to save the planet in their own way. some, like everlane and adidas, are tackling plastic pollution. others, like marine layer and for days, are developing circular systems that make new clothes out of old clothes. but here’s the thing: it’s now clear that climate change is the most pressing issue for us to address, because if we don’t deal with the problem now, our own survival is at risk. view full article feb 22, 2019 the $95 sneakers barack obama wore to the duke-unc game first of all, who doesn't love a good monochrome outfit? black is a great place to start, if you're not sure where to. second of all, obama's shoes are a surefire option for casual footwear. view full article aug 1, 2018 allbirds wants to fix your sole allbirds‘ newest product, a flip-flop, is deceptively simple. the two-year-old startup–which took silicon valley by storm with its wool sneakers–is now releasing a sandal made from a piece of squishy, lightweight foam. the base softly cradles your foot when you slip it on, and a polyester strap with a microsuede lining sits snugly between your toes. there’s no doubt it’s a comfortable piece of footwear. still, to the untrained eye, it looks like any other flip-flop on the market. view full article april 30, 2016 allbirds merino wool sneakers: shockingly comfortable, sustainable, beautiful when i first laid eyes on a gray pair of allbirds sneaks, my first thought was that they look a bit like yeezy’s, and... view full article sep 21, 2020 allbirds is stepping up for the planet—by treading lightly on it to an outsider, it looked like dirt: brown, crumbly, messy earth. to four employees of allbirds, the six-year-old san francisco footwear startup famous for its fuzzy woolen sneaker, it looked like an opportunity. view full article jun 20, 2020 this new running shoe is better than it has any right to be since 2014, allbirds has made sustainability sexy. the brand became the go-to sneaker for coffee runs thanks to its lack of bold logos and an effortless pull-on style. recently, the brand began to tangle with the big running shoe makers by launching its first performance sneaker. view full article may 1, 2020 adidas & allbirds are making the most sustainable running shoe ever allbirds and adidas are joining forces to create a sports performance shoe with the lowest-ever carbon footprint by 2021. the brands aim to implement innovative manufacturing and supply-chain processes, and explore renewable material resources with the hope of setting a new standard in the industry. view full article nov 30, 2017 how allbirds surpassed nike as the fastest growing shoe company in the world allbirds launched around 18 months ago, so their hockey stick growth (forgive the buzzword) is something every startup, especially in the fashion industry, should study. according to their founder, joey zwillinger, their success had to do with three things: timing, product and ingenuity. view full article aug 11, 2017 to fit into silicon valley, wear these wool shoes now comes the allbird, a knit wool loafer. in uncomfortable times, silicon valley has turned to a comfortable shoe. if there’s a venture capitalist nearby, there’s probably a pair of allbirds, too. view full article mar 26, 2018 when your shoes are made of wood pulp tim brown, a world cup soccer player from wellington, new zealand, and joey zwillinger, the head of an eco-friendly algae-chemical company, met through their wives a while back, and, observing a trend toward workplace informality, went into business with a loose idea: knitted woolen sneakers. view full article jun 10, 2019 how i built this - allbirds: tim brown & joey zwillinger growing up, tim brown discovered he was very good at two things: design and soccer. while playing professional soccer in new zealand, he was turned off by the flashy logos on most athletic gear. view full article aug 1, 2018 leonardo dicaprio invests in footwear brand allbirds: 'i am proud to join the company' leonardo dicaprio takes his footwear choices very seriously — so much so that he just invested his money in one of his favorite sneaker brands. the environmentally conscious actor has teamed up with sustainable footwear company allbirds, news that comes hot on the heels of the brand’s latest launch: a sustainable, eco-friendly sole unveiled on the label’s debut flip-flop. view full article oct 20, 2020 allbirds’ new eco-apparel is here — & we wore it first the beloved retailer is no longer solely a shoe label, as today marks the official launch of its first-ever foray into clothing. the entire capsule collection is designed with allbirds’ trademark soft minimalism and sky-high environmental standards — and we tried it on first. view full article apr 28, 2020 first look: allbirds tree dasher running shoe now, allbirds is getting into the sport side of footwear, launching the tree dasher, its first real running shoe. here you might be wondering “can this company really build a legitimate running shoe?” it’s a fair question… view full article oct 1, 2020 design dose: allbirds trinoxo tee when tim brown first founded allbirds, he aimed to incorporate his native new zealand’s abundance of merino wool—an underutilized sustainable material—into footwear. view full article oct 20, 2020 allbirds launches apparel collection tim brown, co-founder of the san francisco-headquartered company allbirds, is adamant that the world can actually use another t-shirt. if, and only if, it’s a better t-shirt. one that pushes the collective conversation about sustainability. view full article oct 20, 2020 allbirds’ first clothing capsule includes the softest sweaters you’ll find this fall now, you can literally wear allbirds head to toe. its debut clothing collection launches today with four items: a merino wool puffer; a t-shirt made with xo, an antimicrobial treatment made from discarded crab shells; and a crewneck and cardigan in super-plush merino. view full article apr 14, 2020 should fashion be labeled by its carbon footprint, similar to the calories listed on our food? four years ago, tim brown and joey zwillinger launched allbirds with one pair of wool sneakers. whether you’re in new york, london, or a small town in ohio, there’s a good chance you’ve seen them—or dozens of them. barack obama is even a fan. view full article nov 22, 2017 how sustainable fashion is being 'disrupted' from italian luxury label ferragamo selling a capsule collection of scarves made from orange fibres to australian brands making togs from plastic fished from the ocean there is, to borrow from the tech world, some "disruption" happening in the world of sustainable fashion. view full article mar 1, 2016 the world’s most comfortable shoes are made of super-soft wool allbirds may be the next big thing in anonymous luxury. next in line for disruption: sneakers... view full article nov 15, 2018 shoes that could help save the world the shoe industry has a big carbon footprint, thanks in part to the fact that many shoe parts—including plastic soles, logos and shoelace tips—are made from petroleum. retail startup allbirds is testing an eco-friendly alternative: sweetfoam, a new material made from parts of sugarcane that would otherwise be discarded (thereby releasing climate change–causing carbon dioxide into the air). view full article jan 2, 2018 how this sneaker startup sparked a footwear frenzy today's donna farizan met up with the founders of allbirds footwear in san francisco, a startup that specializes in sneakers made from all-natural wool, to find out how what inspired their sustainable and innovative line that’s coveted by tech giants and celebrities alike. view full article may 14, 2019 how allbirds built a sustainable supply chain when former new zealand footballer tim brown and biotech engineer joey zwillinger launched the first allbirds sneaker in 2016, it already had a sustainably sourced merino wool upper and an insole derived from castor bean oil. but to their minds, it had one flaw: the shoelaces weren’t made from recycled material. so the san francisco-based duo launched with laces made from virgin polyester and kept pressing their factory to come up with a solution. view full article apr 28, 2020 eco footwear pioneer allbirds debuts dasher performance shoe wool, sugarcane, tree fibres and castor bean oil are the unlikely building blocks with which allbirds creates its shoes. since its launch in march 2016, the brand has blazed the trail for planet-friendlier footwear... view full article aug 13, 2019 allbirds steps into apparel with sustainable socks when allbirds set out to reinvent footwear in 2014, it couldn’t have anticipated that its shoes would become a staple in the modern eco-conscious person’s wardrobe. its signature sneakers, made from merino wool, have sold more than a million pairs around the world. barack obama wears allbirds. oprah winfrey wears allbirds. so does larry page, and seemingly every other person in silicon valley. the juggernaut of success has driven the company to expand its menu, from slippers and high-tops to shoelaces made from recycled plastic to a line of children’s shoes, adorably named smallbirds. view full article sep 27, 2020 sustainable footwear maker allbirds lands $100 million in funding allbirds inc. is arguably silicon valley’s most fashionable unicorn. now, it’s a bit richer as well. the sustainable footwear maker landed $100 million in a series e funding round that closed friday. view full article may 21, 2018 how the ‘world’s most comfortable shoe’ is challenging nike and adidas it all comes back to the wool. the idea to build the business around a natural fiber came to co-founder tim brown, a native of new zealand, or as he calls it, “the land of 29 million sheep.” view full article help 1-888-963-8944 1-814-251-9966 (text) help@allbirds.com returns/exchanges faq/contact us shop men's shoes women's shoes men's apparel women's apparel socks gift cards download the allbirds app company our stores our story our materials sustainability partnerships affiliates bulk orders careers press california transparency act follow the flock exclusive offers, a heads up on new things, and sightings of allbirds in the wild. oh, we have cute sheep, too. #weareallbirds © 2020 allbirds, inc. all rights reserved. terms, privacy & accessibility