来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121214030752/http://evacuumstore.com:80/t-privacy.aspx
================================================================================

evacuumstore.com privacy policy my account | cart contents | checkout | blog search: model: backpack vacuum cleaners bagless vacuums canister vacuums car wash vacuums commercial vacuums cordless vacuum cleaners fireplace vacuums green vacuum cleaners handheld vacuums healthy home packages hepa vacuums janitorial equipment lightweight vacuums marine vacuums pet vacuums robot vacuum cleaners shampooers and polishers steam cleaners stick vacuum cleaners upright vacuum cleaners wet and dry vacuums aggresor central vacuums airvac central vacuums beam central vacuums bissell central vacuums cana-vac central vacuums cen-tec central vacuums central vacuum accessories central vacuum installation central vacuum parts central vacuum units by square feet dust care central vacuums electrolux central vacuums eureka central vacuums frigidaire central vacuums fuller brush central vacuums galaxie central vacuums garage & rv vacuums hayden central vacuums honeywell central vacuum hoover central vacuums johnny vac central vacuums lindhaus central vacuums modern day style power units nutone central vacuums powerstar central vacuums royal central vacuums sebo central vacuums valet central vacuums wessel-werk central vacuums air purifier filters austin air purifiers beam air purifiers blueair purifiers electrolux air purifiers honeywell air purifers hoover air purifiers hunter air purifiers iqair air purifiers oreck air purifiers pureheat sharp air purifiers advance vacuum bags aerus vacuum bags atrix vacuum bags beam vacuum bags betco vacuum bags bissell vacuum bags bosch vacuum bags cirrus vacuum bags clarke vacuum bags cleanmax vacuum bags dirt devil vacuum bags dust care vacuum bags electrolux vacuum bags emer usa vacuum bags eureka vacuum bags euroclean vacuum bags fast usa vacuum bags fuller brush vacuum bags galaxie vacuum bags ge vacuum bags hawk vacuum bags hoover vacuum bags johnny vac vacuum bags kenmore vacuum bags kent vacuum bags kirby vacuum bags koblenz vacuum bags lindhaus vacuum bags mastercraft vacuum bags miele vacuum bags minuteman vacuum bags modern day style vacuum bags nace vacuum bags nobles vacuum bags nss vacuum bags numatic vacuum bags nutone vacuum bags oreck vacuum bags pacer vacuum bags pacific steamex vacuum bags panasonic vacuum bags perfect vacuum bags powerstar vacuum bags powr-flite bags proteam vacuum bags pullman holt vacuum bags regina vacuum bags riccar vacuum bags royal vacuum bags samsung vacuum bags sandia vacuum bags sanitaire vacuum bags sanyo vacuum bags sebo vacuum bags shark vacuum bags sharp vacuum bags shop-vac vacuum bags simplicity vacuum bags taski vacuum bags tennant vacuum bags topvac vacuum bags tornado vacuum bags triple-s vacuum bags tristar vacuum bags viper vacuum bags whirlpool vacuum bags windsor vacuum bags airvac central vacuum filters atrix vacuum filters beam vacuum filters bissell vacuum filters black and decker bosch vacuum filters clarke vacuum filters cleanmax vacuum filters dirt devil vacuum filters dyson vacuum filters electrolux vacuum filters eureka vacuum filters fuller brush vacuum filters ge vacuum filters hayden vacuum filters hoover vacuum filters kenmore vacuum filters lindhaus vacuum filters love-less ash vacuum filters miele vacuum filters nutone vacuum filters oreck vacuum filters panasonic vacuum filters perfect vacuum filters pro team vacuum filters rainbow vacuum filters regina vacuum filters riccar vacuum filters ridgid vacuum filters roomba vacuum filters royal vacuum filters sanitare vacuum filters sanyo vacuum filters sebo vacuum filters shark vacuum filters sharp vacuum filters shop-vac filters simplicity vacuum filters tennant vacuum filters windsor vacuum filters beam vacuum belts bissell vacuum belts bosch vacuum belts dirt devil vacuum belts dyson vacuum belts electrolux vacuum belts eureka vacuum belts fuller brush vacuum belts galaxie vacuum belts ge vacuum belts hayden vacuum belts hoover vacuum belts kenmore vacuum belts kirby vacuum belts miele vacuum belts nutone vacuum belts oreck vacuum belts panasonic vacuum belts pro team vacuum belts rainbow vacuum belts regina vacuum belts riccar vacuum belts royal vacuum belts sanitaire vacuum belts sanyo vacuum belts sebo vacuum belts shark vacuum belts sharp vacuum belts simplicity vacuum belts singer vacuum belts tristar vacuum belts windsor vacuum belts beam vacuum hoses bissell vacuum hoses cen-tec vacuum hoses dirt devil vacuum hoses dyson vacuum hoses electrolux vacuum cleaner hoses eureka vacuum hoses filter queen vacuum hoses fuller brush vacuum hoses galaxie vacuum hoses hayden vacuum hoses honeywell central vacuum hoses hoover vacuum hoses kenmore vacuum hoses kirby vacuum hoses lindhaus vacuum hoses miele vacuum hoses modern day style vacuum hoses nutone vacuum hoses panasonic vacuum hoses powerstar vacuum hoses proteam vacuum hoses rainbow vacuum hoses rexair vacuum hoses royal vacuum hoses sanitaire vacuum hoses sebo vacuum cleaner hoses shark vacuum hoses tristar vacuum hoses valet vacuum hoses advance vacuum parts beam vacuum parts bissell vacuum parts castex vacuum parts cen-tec vacuum parts dirt devil vacuum parts dyson vacuum parts electrolux vacuum parts eureka vacuum parts fuller brush vacuum parts haan cleaner parts hayden vacuum parts hoover vacuum parts ipc eagle vacuum parts kenmore vacuum parts kent vacuum parts kirby vacuum parts koblenz vacuum parts lindhaus vacuum parts miele vacuum parts nilfisk vacuum parts nobles vacuum parts nutone vacuum parts oreck vacuum parts panasonic vacuum parts perfect vacuum parts proteam vacuum parts rainbow vacuum parts roomba vacuum parts royal vacuum parts sanitaire vacuum parts sebo vacuum parts shark vacuum parts tennant vacuum parts windsor vacuum parts carpet fragrances carpet shampoo green seal cleaning products hardwood cleaning supplies janitorial supplies & cleaning products tile cleaners home >>> privacy policy aerus aggresor air vac atrix austin air beam bissell black and decker blueair bona bosch cen-tec cirrus dirt devil dust care dyson electrolux® emer usa envirocare eureka fast-usa filter queen flowbee frigidaire fuller brush galaxie ge haan hayden honeywell hoover hunter iqair irobot kenmore kirby koblenz lindhaus love-less ash mastercraft md mercury miele nutone oreck panasonic perfect powerstar powr-flite proteam pullman holt rainbow regina reliable rexair riccar ridgid royal samsung sanitaire sanyo sebo shark sharp simplicity singer stain-x tristar valet wessel-werk windsor privacy policy effective date : 02/10/2012 we care deeply about our users’ privacy concerns.  evacuumstore.com  has been awarded truste's privacy seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by truste for compliance with truste's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information.  the truste program covers only information that is collected through this web site, evacuumstore.com. truste's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. if you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at support@evacuumstore.com  if you are not satisfied with our response you can contact truste here. information collection and use: this privacy policy describes how evacuumstore.com collects and uses the personal information you provide on our web site: evacuumstore.com. it also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. we collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information, such as order confirmations and order status updates. information collected includes your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as your credit card number. we also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information. to safeguard that your username and password remain confidential, do not share this information with anyone. if you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotions, your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items. orders: most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders. during the order process, you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number, expiration date, money order, wire transfer or check information. this information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. if we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. to properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. this process is protected by an enhanced security system. see the security section below for more details on security measures and procedures. sharing with 3rd parties: we may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf. these functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing. the third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes. shipping information is shared with the following companies to complete your order: fedex corporation 942 south shady grove road memphis, tn 38120 1-800-go-fedex http://www.fedex.com/ ups corporate headquarters 55 glenlake parkway, ne atlanta , ga 30328 united states http://www.ups.com/ us postal service headquarters 475 l'enfant plaza, sw washington dc 1-800-ask-usps http://www.usps.com/ we may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, to any other third party with your prior consent to do so. if evacuumstore.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets,  you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information, to any other third party with your prior consent to do so we will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.  we do not sell your personal information to third parties. access and choice: if your personally information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update and amend your information by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our customer support at support@evacuumstore.com.  to request the deactivation of your account or deletion of data, you may email customer service or contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.  we will respond to your request within 30 days. we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. special offers: our special offers are sent only to customers who grant evacuumstore.com permission to send them such information. to honor the privacy of our users, we offer the option to not receive these types of communications. at the time of your order, you may opt to receive or not receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field. furthermore, all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news.  additionally, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by simply changing your email preferences from within your account settings or you can contact us using the information below. cookies and tracking technologies: a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. we use cookies on this site. we do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. we use both session id cookies and persistent cookies.  we use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. a session id cookie expires when you close your browser. a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. you can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your internet browser’s “help” file. we set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don’t have to enter it more than once.  persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. if you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited. the use of cookies by our service providers is not covered by our privacy policy.  we do not have access or control over these cookies.  our service providers use session id cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, in order for you to use the shopping cart, etc. we employ clear gifs (a.k.a. web beacons), images, and scripts that help them better manage content on our site. we do not tie the information gathered to our customers’ or users’ personally identifiable information. as is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  this information includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. we use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. we do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. security: evacuumstore.com takes precautions to protect its customers' information. when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. when our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as your credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with encryption software currently available in the industry - ssl. evacuumstore.com uses the most advanced form of ssl software available: rsa-2048-bit encryption by verisign starter ssl. however, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.  therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. please refer to the icon on the home page for more information. if you have any questions about security on our web site, you can contact us at support@evacuumstore.com additional info: blog/forum: our web site offers publicly accessible blogs and community forums. you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. to request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us using the information at the bottom of this policy or email support@evacuumstore.com.  in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. we encourage customers to leave ratings and feedback on the products we sell. information you provide in the review field will be publicly available.  if you wish to request removal or alteration of this information, you can contact us at support@evacuumstore.com links to other websites: our site includes links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of www.evacuumstore.com. if you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. we encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web site you visit. social media widgets: our web site includes social media features, such as the facebook like button and the “share this” button.  these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. children: evacuumstore.com does not sell products for purchase by children. if you are under the age of 18, you may only use evacuumstore.com in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian. we will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information via the internet from children under the age of 13. evacuumstore.com is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children. changes to this privacy policy: we may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. if we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. contact us: corporate headquarters: evacuumstore.com 550 adams st #357 quincy, ma 02169 usa about trust online accept credit cards online shipping and returns | privacy notice | contact us all contents © copyright 2012 evacuumstore.com. all rights reserved. any registered trademarks, service marks, and/or logos are the property of their respective owners.