来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171008032704/https://evacuumstore.com/t-privacy.aspx
================================================================================

evacuumstore.com privacy policy - we protect your information free shipping - all orders over $50 | no sales tax except ma call us 1-866-972-8227 text us 781-799-0095 your vacuum super store! search my account log in account my cart 0 your shopping cart is empty. toggle navigation menu vacuum cleaners view all vacuum cleaners backpack vacuum cleaners bagless vacuum cleaners canister vacuums car wash vacuum cleaners commercial vacuum cleaners cordless vacuum cleaners fireplace vacuums floor polishers green vacuum cleaners handheld vacuums hepa vacuum cleaners janitorial equipment lightweight vacuum cleaners marine vacuums pet vacuum cleaners robot vacuum cleaners carpet shampooers steam cleaners stick vacuum cleaners ratings compare vacuum cleaners upright vacuum cleaners wet and dry vacuums central vacuum systems view all central vacuum systems beam bissell cana-vac cen-tec electrolux eureka galaxie hayden honeywell johnny vac nutone powerstar sebo vacumaid wessel-werk garage & rv vacuums central vacuum accessories central vacuum installation central vacuum parts central vacuum units by square feet central vacuum filtration methods vacuum bags view all brands beam bissell dirt devil electrolux eureka galaxie hoover kenmore kirby maytag miele nutone oreck panasonic proteam riccar royal sanitaire sebo shark shop-vac windsor vacuum filters view all brands beam bissell dyson electrolux eureka hoover kenmore miele oreck panasonic pro team roomba royal sanitare sebo shark windsor vacuum belts view all brands beam bissell dirt devil dyson electrolux eureka hoover kenmore kirby maytag nutone oreck panasonic pro team sanitaire sebo shark windsor vacuum hoses view all brands beam dyson electrolux eureka hayden hoover kenmore kirby miele nutone panasonic proteam sanitaire sebo shark vacuum parts view all brands beam dirt devil dyson electrolux eureka honeywell hoover j.e. adams kenmore kirby maytag miele nutone oreck panasonic proteam roomba sanitaire sebo windsor electrolux electrolux electrolux canister vacuums electrolux upright vacuums electrolux stick vacuums electrolux central vacuums electrolux bagless vacuums electrolux commercial vacuums electrolux vacuum parts electrolux vacuum bags electrolux vacuum filters electrolux vacuum belts electrolux vacuum hoses electrolux air purifiers electrolux hepa vacuums electrolux lightweight vacuums cleaning supplies miele miele miele canister vacuums miele upright vacuums miele hepa vacuums miele lightweight vacuums miele stick vacuums miele vacuum parts miele vacuum bags miele vacuum filters miele vacuum hoses dyson dyson dyson canister vacuums dyson upright vacuums dyson stick vacuums dyson handheld vacuums dyson vacuum parts dyson vacuum filters dyson vacuum hoses dyson vacuum belts dyson hepa vacuums dyson appliances dyson fans and heaters last chance to save memorial day sale  save 5% on all orders. use code:  usa5  at checkout. excludes miele home > privacy policy information collection and use: this privacy policy describes how evacuumstore.com collects and uses the personal information you provide on our web site: evacuumstore.com. it also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. we collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information, such as order confirmations and order status updates. information collected includes your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as your credit card number. we also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information. to safeguard that your username and password remain confidential, do not share this information with anyone. if you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotions, your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items. orders: most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders. during the order process, you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number, expiration date, money order, wire transfer or check information. this information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. if we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. to properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. this process is protected by an enhanced security system. see the security section below for more details on security measures and procedures. sharing with 3rd parties: we may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf. these functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing. the third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes. shipping information is shared with the following companies to complete your order: fedex corporation 942 south shady grove road memphis, tn 38120 1-800-go-fedex http://www.fedex.com ups corporate headquarters 55 glenlake parkway, ne atlanta , ga 30328 united states https://www.ups.com us postal service headquarters 475 l'enfant plaza, sw washington dc 1-800-ask-usps we may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, to any other third party with your prior consent to do so. if evacuumstore.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets,  you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information, to any other third party with your prior consent to do so we will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.  we do not sell your personal information to third parties. access and choice: if your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update and amend your information by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our customer support at support@evacuumstore.com.  to request the deactivation of your account or deletion of data, you may email customer service or contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.  we will respond to your request within 30 days. we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. special offers: our special offers are sent only to customers who grant evacuumstore.com permission to send them such information. to honor the privacy of our users, we offer the option to not receive these types of communications. at the time of your order, you may opt to receive or not receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field. furthermore, all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news.  additionally, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by simply changing your email preferences from within your account settings or you can contact us using the information below. cookies and tracking technologies: a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. we use cookies on this site. we do not link the information we store in cookies to any personal information you submit while on our site. we use both session id cookies and persistent cookies.  we use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. a session id cookie expires when you close your browser. a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. you can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your internet browser’s “help” file. we set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don’t have to enter it more than once.  persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. if you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited. the use of cookies by our service providers is not covered by our privacy policy.  we do not have access or control over these cookies.  our service providers use session id cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, in order for you to use the shopping cart, etc. we employ clear gifs (a.k.a. web beacons), images, and scripts that help them better manage content on our site. we do not tie the information gathered to our customers’ or users’ personal information. as is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  this information includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. we use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. we do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information. security: evacuumstore.com takes precautions to protect its customers' information. when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. when our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as your credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with encryption software currently available in the industry - ssl. evacuumstore.com uses the most advanced form of ssl software available: rsa-2048-bit encryption by verisign starter ssl. however, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.  therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. please refer to the icon on the home page for more information. if you have any questions about security on our web site, you can contact us at support@evacuumstore.com additional info: blog/forum: our web site offers publicly accessible blogs and community forums. you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. to request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us using the information at the bottom of this policy or email support@evacuumstore.com.  in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. we encourage customers to leave ratings and feedback on the products we sell. information you provide in the review field will be publicly available.  if you wish to request removal or alteration of this information, you can contact us at support@evacuumstore.com links to other websites: our site includes links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of www.evacuumstore.com. if you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. we encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web site you visit. social media widgets: our web site includes social media features, such as the facebook like button and the “share this” button.  these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. children: evacuumstore.com does not sell products for purchase by children. if you are under the age of 18, you may only use evacuumstore.com in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian. we will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information via the internet from children under the age of 13. evacuumstore.com is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children. changes to this privacy policy: we may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. if we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. contact us: corporate headquarters: evacuumstore.com 86a morse st norwood, ma 02062 usa sign up for email 1-866-972-8227 customer service contact us 866-972-8227 press & media vacuum ratings charity events checkout store policies shipping/returns faqs privacy policy security site map order by mail helpful links customer service about us evacuumstore blog why buy from us? knowledge base vacuum cleaner sales social links facebook twitter pinterest google plus need help? call us 1-866-972-8227  | text us 781-799-0095 live support m-f 8:30-7pm est • sat 10-5 • sun 10-5 copyright 2017 evacuumstore.com - all rights reserved. all products, brand names, trademarks and logos are the property of their respective trademark and copyright owners. back to top