来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231220702/http://www.citysports.com/PrivacyPolicy.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy at city sports free shipping  to stores and on all orders over $75 customer service: 877-988-2580 | email sign in or create account wishlist 0 items: $00.00 check out shopeventsblogstore locatorinsider rewards women footwear new arrivals running training tennis cycling soccer wide casual recovery sandals & flips rain boots outdoor boots sale apparel new arrivals running boston marathon training yoga tennis cycling swimming extended sizes fleece jackets outerwear tops & tees dresses & skirts casual shorts pants bras socks hats & gloves sale equipment new arrivals running training yoga tennis cycling swimming team sports heart rate monitors gps units pedometers/activity trackers phone cases watches sunglasses backpacks gym bags & duffles headphones electronics hydration hats & gloves sale collections new arrivals city sports tees 1983 collection boston marathon extended sizes reebok crossfit nfl shop mlb shop nba shop nhl shop men footwear new arrivals running training tennis cycling soccer baseball wide recovery sandals & flips casual rain boots outdoor boots sale apparel new arrivals running training tennis cycling swimming fleece jackets outerwear tops & tees polos & shirts casual shorts pants socks hats & gloves underwear sale equipment new arrivals running training yoga tennis cycling swimming team sports gps units heart rate monitors pedometers/activity trackers watches phone cases electronics headphones sunglasses backpacks gym bags & duffles hydration hats & gloves sale collections new arrivals 1983 collection city sports tees boston marathon reebok crossfit nfl shop mlb shop nba shop nhl shop kids footwear running tennis soccer baseball outdoor sandals girl's fleece jackets tops shorts bottoms shoes boy's fleece jackets tops shorts pants shoes equipment soccer tennis swimming baseball & softball backpacks & bags lacrosse field hockey run women's apparel tops jackets hoodies shorts bottoms & tights bras socks sale women's shoes minimalist shoes neutral shoes stability shoes trail shoes performance/racing shoes wide shoes recovery sale men's apparel tops jackets hoodies shorts bottoms & tights socks sale men's shoes minimalist shoes neutral shoes stability shoes trail shoes performance/racing shoes wide shoes recovery sale equipment gps/speed & distance heart rate monitors running hats phone cases running gloves accessories compression recovery hydration reflective sale collections boston marathon gear new arrivals compression running hats & gloves hi viz collection train womens footwear apparel tops shorts bottoms bras sale men footwear apparel tops shorts bottoms sale equipment gps watches heart rate monitors phone cases yoga resistance & core kettlebells boxing all sale winter women new arrivals fleece jackets vests rain jackets gloves hats & beanies hiking boots casual shoes rain boots all boots sale men new arrivals fleece jackets vests rain jackets gloves hats & beanies hiking boots casual shoes rain boots all boots sale gear sunglasses watches bags sport cameras soccer football golf brands city sports tees marmot merrell patagonia prana spyder the north face ugg sport running swimming cycling triathlon training yoga crossfit soccer tennis squash raquetball basketball football baseball & softball lacrosse field hockey golf platform tennis collections hiviz collection new arrivals reebok crossfit brands 2xu adidas al1ve asics babolat '47 brand brooks camelbak carve designs city sports tees converse cs by city sports cw-x everlast feetures fitbit fitness quest fuel belt garmin gofit gopro head hunter boots hurley injinji marmot merrell mizuno moving comfort nathan new balance newton nike oakley patagonia pearl izumi pedal pushers penn racquet polar prana puma quiksilver ray ban reebok reef salomon saucony shimano smartwool sorel spanx speedo sperry spyder the north face timberland timex tretorn trx fitness tyr ugg australia under armour vibram fivefingers wilson yurbuds zensah zoot sports all brands outlet women's tops bottoms shorts fleece & jackets shoes shop all women's men's tops bottoms shorts jackets & fleece shoes shop all men's youth apparel footwear categories jackets boots running training yoga tennis city sports tees city sports privacy and security policy we have created this privacy policy, effective on april 10, 2013, to inform you of the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site, www.citysports.com. we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, by notifying you of: what personally identifiable information of yours is collected through this web site; the organization collecting the information; how the information is used; with whom the information may be shared; what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; and the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under city sports' control we welcome your questions and feedback on this policy. for privacy-related issues, please contact us at: city sports 77 n washington st boston ma, 02114 877-988-2580 onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com security when you place orders or access your account information, know that city sports uses a secure server. the secure server software (ssl) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. ordering from www.citysports.com we track customer traffic patterns and site usage, and collect the domain name of e-mail addresses of visitors to our site and aggregate (not personally identifiable) information on what pages visitors access. we use this information to monitor the use of the site and to improve its performance and usefulness. we also collect information you volunteer, such as survey responses, comments, purchasing and billing information, and your requests. when you order from city sports, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, credit card number, and expiration date. this allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. we may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the web site, new services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. using cookies "cookies" are removable files stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. we use cookies to enhance your shopping and browsing experience. the text in a cookie, by itself, only tells us that you have visited our site before. it does not store any personal information such as your name, e-mail address, street address, or phone number. cookies are also used to maintain your shopping basket. all data contained in the shopping basked is kept on our server and not in the cookie your machine is assigned. if your computer has certain types of virus protection software, you may be prompted to accept cookies from www.citysports.com. it is safe to do so. our third party relationships we have established several relationships with third parties vendors to best serve our customers. credit card processing: we use bank of america (fdms) merchant services to process credit card orders. we supply them with data for credit card authorization and fraud detection only and they are restricted from using the data for any other purposes. web site evaluation: from time to time, we may engage certain third parties to observe, track and report on the behavior of the users of this web site in order to evaluate the performance and features of this web site. these third parties will only have access to information to the extent necessary and will be required to not use any personal information for any other purpose. marketing and promotions: from time to time, we may engage certain third parties to assist in the dissemination of marketing and promotional offers (i.e., e-mails) to those customers who have agreed to receive such offers. these third parties will only have access to information to the extent necessary and will be required to not use any personal information for any other purpose. hosting: www.citysports.com is hosted by uniteu connected commerce, inc. which maintains the servers and databases on which your information is stored. they make this information available to city sports, and are restricted from using this data for any other purpose. additional third party relationships: from time to time, we may engage other third parties to assist in providing marketing, order processing, fulfillment and shipping services. these third parties will only have access to information to the extent necessary and will be required to not use any personal information for any purpose other than providing such services. additionally, from time to time, we may share non-personal, non-individual statistical information with our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties for research purposes. that is, we will not tell our marketing partners that you purchased a specific product, but we may tell them how many customers purchased that product. opening a city sports account we require your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and telephone number to open an account for you. we may also ask some additional optional questions to help us better serve you. except as provided in this privacy policy, this account data is never shared with anyone in any way without your consent. (however, we will cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or requested by a law enforcement agency to provide information about a customer.) correcting or updating account information you may update or change information related to your account by updating your profile, accessible via the home page once you are logged in, or by sending an email to onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com social sharing features these services may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools, which let you share actions you take on these services with other media, and vice versa. the use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. for more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features. receiving promotions/opt-out from time to time, we may contact you about sales, special offers and/or new site features if you agreed to be included in our email lists when you created an account with us. to customize the type of information you want to receive from us, you may sign on and select the specific information you wish to receive. to cancel receipt of our free emails, you can unclick the "i would like to receive emails about special promotions" box associated with your account. you can also respond to any promotional email we send you, placing "remove" in your subject line to discontinue email service. you can also send an email to onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com or call us 877-988-2580 and inform us that you want to unsubscribe to our email lists. your california privacy rights california law permits residents of california to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. however, under the law, a business is not required to provide this information if it permits california residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing. city sports qualifies for this alternative option. to opt out of having your information shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes, please call customer service or email us at onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com. your consent by using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information. changes to this policy city sports may change this policy from time to time. if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the effective date. we encourage you to review the policy to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. contact us you can use the contact us form to communicate with us on a variety of topics. the only required data is your name and email address or phone number. except as provided in this privacy policy, this data is not shared with anyone in any way. alternatively, city sports can be reached via email at onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com or by phone at 877-988-2580. customer service contact shipping returns order status faqs insider program about us our history press careers privacy policy affiliate program blog shop women's men's kid's new arrivals outlet gift cards stores store locator store services ship to store customer service: 877.988.2580 (mon-fri 9-5 est) | email: onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com connect: copyright 2013 city sports - all rights reserved | powered by uniteu commerce™