来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231153525/http://www.citysports.com/PrivacyPolicy.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy at city sports free shipping for insiders every day!  sign up free shipping over $49 | free ship options sign in or create account wishlist 0 items: $00.00 check out shopeventsblogstore locatorinsider rewards women current promotions women's clothing fleece jackets tops & shirts pants, tights & capris shorts vests sweatshirts lifestyle & casual dresses & skirts tank tops bras swimming city sports tees sale women's shoes running shoes training & gym shoes boots lifestyle & casual sandals & flips tennis shoes soccer cycling recovery socks sale gear hats & gloves high visibility heart rate monitors gps units activity trackers phone cases watches sunglasses beach towels backpacks & duffels headphones hydration sale collections women's running shop women's outdoor shop women's tennis shop women's crossfit shop yoga shop cycling shop swimming shop rain gear new arrivals outdoor guide all women's sale men current promotions men's clothing fleece jackets tops & shirts pants shorts vests sweatshirts lifestyle & casual tank tops swimming city sports tees sale men's shoes running shoes training & gym shoes boots lifestyle & casual sandals & flips tennis shoes soccer cycling baseball recovery socks sale gear hats & gloves high visibility gps units heart rate monitors activity trackers watches phone cases electronics headphones sunglasses beach towels backpacks & duffels hydration sale collections men's running shop men's outdoor shop men's tennis shop men's crossfit shop cycling shop swimming shop rain gear new arrivals outdoor guide all men's sale kids current promotions kids' shoes running tennis soccer baseball outdoor sandals sale girls' fleece jackets tops shorts bottoms shoes sale boys' fleece jackets tops shorts pants shoes sale gear soccer tennis swimming baseball & softball backpacks & bags lacrosse field hockey beach towels run current promotions running shoes men's running shoes women's running shoes men's trail running women's trail running men's stability shoes women's stability shoes men's neutral shoes women's neutral shoes men's minimalist shoes women's minimalist shoes sale women's clothes women's running shirts women's running shorts women's running bottoms women's running jackets women's running vests women's running bras women's running tights women's running socks women's running hats women's running gloves women's hi visibility apparel women's sale men's clothes men's running shirts men's running shorts men's running pants men's running jackets men's running vests men's running tights men's compression men's running socks men's running hats men's running gloves men's hi visibility apparel men's sale gear hi visibility gear gps sport watches running headphones activity trackers heart rate monitors running gloves running hats running hydration all watches phone cases running insoles recovery train current promotions training shoes men's training shoes women's training shoes men's crossfit shoes women's crossfit shoes men's running shoes women's running shoes sale women's clothes women's training shirts women's training bottoms women's training hoodys women's training jackets women's training bras women's training socks sale men's clothes men's training shirts men's training shorts men's training pants men's training hoodys men's training jackets men's underwear men's training socks sale training gear heart rate monitors activity trackers duffel bags foam rollers yoga gear resistance & core kettlebells boxing exercise balls gear current promotions electronics gps watches heart rate monitors headphones sport cameras activity trackers phone cases watches hydration running hydration water bottles hydration packs balls baseballs basketballs exercise balls footballs golf balls soccer balls tennis balls bags backpacks duffel bags messenger bags fitness training foam rollers yoga gear kettlebells boxing medicine balls jump ropes stopwatches suspension training resistance & core training gloves weighted training push up / pull up sport accessories baseball gear basketball gear cycling gear football gear golf gear lacrosse gear racquetball gear running gear soccer gear squash gear swim gear tennis gear triathlon gear sport current promotions baseball/softball basketball boxing crossfit cycling field hockey football golf lacrosse platform tennis racquetball running soccer squash swimming tennis training triathlon ultimate frisbee volleyball walking yoga collections nfl shop nhl shop nba shop mlb shop fall running guide brands current promotions 2xu '47 brand adidas asics babolat birkenstock brooks camelbak carve designs cep city sports tees converse cs by city sports cw-x everlast feetures fitbit fuel belt garmin gofit gopro head hoka hunter boots hurley injinji janji marmot merrell mizuno moving comfort nathan new balance newton nike oakley oiselle patagonia pearl izumi penn racquet polar prana puma quiksilver ray ban reebok reef salomon saucony shimano smartwool smith sorel speedo sperry spyder the north face timberland timex tomtom trx fitness tyr ugg australia under armour vibram fivefingers wilson yurbuds zensah zoot sports all brands outlet footwear men's sale shoes women's sale shoes men's sale boots women's sale boots all sale footwear women's clothes women's sale jackets women's sale fleece women's sale tops women's sale shorts women's sale bottoms all women's sale men's clothes men's sale jackets men's sale fleece men's sale tops men's sale shorts men's sale pants all men's sale categories running on sale outdoor on sale kids' on sale training on sale yoga on sale tennis on sale gear on sale city sports tees city sports privacy and security policy we have created this privacy policy, effective on april 10, 2013, to inform you of the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site, www.citysports.com. we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, by notifying you of: what personally identifiable information of yours is collected through this web site; the organization collecting the information; how the information is used; with whom the information may be shared; what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; and the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under city sports' control we welcome your questions and feedback on this policy. for privacy-related issues, please contact us at: city sports 77 n washington st boston ma, 02114 877-988-2580 onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com security when you place orders or access your account information, know that city sports uses a secure server. the secure server software (ssl) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. ordering from www.citysports.com we track customer traffic patterns and site usage, and collect the domain name of e-mail addresses of visitors to our site and aggregate (not personally identifiable) information on what pages visitors access. we use this information to monitor the use of the site and to improve its performance and usefulness. we also collect information you volunteer, such as survey responses, comments, purchasing and billing information, and your requests. when you order from city sports, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, credit card number, and expiration date. this allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. we may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the web site, new services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. using cookies "cookies" are removable files stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. we use cookies to enhance your shopping and browsing experience. the text in a cookie, by itself, only tells us that you have visited our site before. it does not store any personal information such as your name, e-mail address, street address, or phone number. cookies are also used to maintain your shopping basket. all data contained in the shopping basked is kept on our server and not in the cookie your machine is assigned. if your computer has certain types of virus protection software, you may be prompted to accept cookies from www.citysports.com. it is safe to do so. our third party relationships we have established several relationships with third parties vendors to best serve our customers. credit card processing: we use bank of america (fdms) merchant services to process credit card orders. we supply them with data for credit card authorization and fraud detection only and they are restricted from using the data for any other purposes. web site evaluation: from time to time, we may engage certain third parties to observe, track and report on the behavior of the users of this web site in order to evaluate the performance and features of this web site. these third parties will only have access to information to the extent necessary and will be required to not use any personal information for any other purpose. marketing and promotions: from time to time, we may engage certain third parties to assist in the dissemination of marketing and promotional offers (i.e., e-mails) to those customers who have agreed to receive such offers. these third parties will only have access to information to the extent necessary and will be required to not use any personal information for any other purpose. hosting: www.citysports.com is hosted by uniteu connected commerce, inc. which maintains the servers and databases on which your information is stored. they make this information available to city sports, and are restricted from using this data for any other purpose. additional third party relationships: from time to time, we may engage other third parties to assist in providing marketing, order processing, fulfillment and shipping services. these third parties will only have access to information to the extent necessary and will be required to not use any personal information for any purpose other than providing such services. additionally, from time to time, we may share non-personal, non-individual statistical information with our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties for research purposes. that is, we will not tell our marketing partners that you purchased a specific product, but we may tell them how many customers purchased that product. opening a city sports account we require your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and telephone number to open an account for you. we may also ask some additional optional questions to help us better serve you. except as provided in this privacy policy, this account data is never shared with anyone in any way without your consent. (however, we will cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or requested by a law enforcement agency to provide information about a customer.) correcting or updating account information you may update or change information related to your account by updating your profile, accessible via the home page once you are logged in, or by sending an email to onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com social sharing features these services may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools, which let you share actions you take on these services with other media, and vice versa. the use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. for more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features. receiving promotions/opt-out from time to time, we may contact you about sales, special offers and/or new site features if you agreed to be included in our email lists when you created an account with us. to customize the type of information you want to receive from us, you may sign on and select the specific information you wish to receive. to cancel receipt of our free emails, you can unclick the "i would like to receive emails about special promotions" box associated with your account. you can also respond to any promotional email we send you, placing "remove" in your subject line to discontinue email service. you can also send an email to onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com or call us 877-988-2580 and inform us that you want to unsubscribe to our email lists. your california privacy rights california law permits residents of california to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. however, under the law, a business is not required to provide this information if it permits california residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing. city sports qualifies for this alternative option. to opt out of having your information shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes, please call customer service or email us at onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com. your consent by using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information. changes to this policy city sports may change this policy from time to time. if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the effective date. we encourage you to review the policy to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. contact us you can use the contact us form to communicate with us on a variety of topics. the only required data is your name and email address or phone number. except as provided in this privacy policy, this data is not shared with anyone in any way. alternatively, city sports can be reached via email at onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com or by phone at 877-988-2580. customer service contact shipping returns order status faqs insider program about us our history press careers privacy policy affiliate program blog shop women's men's kid's new arrivals outlet gift cards promotions stores store locator store services ship to store find your fit 1-877-988-2580 (mon-fri 9-5) | onlinecustomersupport@citysports.com copyright 2014 city sports - all rights reserved | powered by uniteu commerce™