来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228233337/http://www.ashleyfurniturehomestore.com/CustomerService/SiteContent.aspx?pid=16&cid=17&rid=9
================================================================================

privacy policy login / create account financing stores weekly ad search general information terms of use privacy policy helpful information faq's furniture terms care and cleaning cleaning codes testimonials delivery information how do i find my serial number? warranty information back to shopping sign up today for ashley furniture homestore email updates. français my favorites my account privacy policy our commitment the following describes the privacy policy of ashley homestores, ltd. (referred to as “ashley homestores,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) for this web site. we understand how important it is to keep your personal information confidential. we value the information you provide to us and want you to be confident that we are committed to protecting your privacy. our commitment to protecting your privacy is outlined in the policies below. this privacy policy was created to inform you of what information we collect when you visit our web site ashleyfurniturehomestore.com. this policy addresses the nature, purpose, use, and sharing of any information collected via our web site. the information you provide on our web site will be used only for its intended purpose. submitting personally identifiable information (defined below) is strictly voluntary. by using this web site, you acknowledge to us and our affiliates your agreement on the terms of use of this web site. if you do not want to give us your permission to use your information, do not provide it. however, not providing certain information may result in our inability to provide you with the information or services you desire. information collected the two types of information we collect are personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. non-personally identifiable information is anonymous information that cannot be used to identify you. we use this information to track navigation through a web site, which pages are viewed most often, what other web sites are visited, and similar data. personally identifiable information is sensitive information that can be used to identify you. personally identifiable information includes, among other information, your name, e-mail address, physical mailing address, and telephone number. some of the features on our web site require that you provide us information about yourself. this information is collected only when you provide it to us by filling out a form on our web site. you can review and update any personal information you have provided to us. when you provide us your personal information, you consent to the information practices described in this policy. we will never request your password, user name, or other personally identifiable information through e-mail. this practice, called “phishing,” is oftentimes a scam designed to steal your personal information. if you receive an e-mail message that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. use of information you provide if you choose to provide us with personal information, we will use that information to enhance your experience in the following ways: ·  register you as a member of ashleyfurniturehomestores.com. ·  customize your shopping experience. ·  notify you of advertisements and promotions related to ashley furniture homestore® retail furniture stores or this web site. ·  communicate great values and featured items to you. ·  comply with valid legal procedures, requirements, regulations, and statutes. interaction with children we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 on our web site. you must be 18 years of age to use our web site. please see our terms of use. automatically collected information we save information based on your interaction with our web site. this allows us to process your inquiries more efficiently, and ultimately, give you better customer service. this information includes, but is not limited to, your internet protocol address (the address automatically assigned to your computer every time you establish a connection to the internet), the name of any referring web sites, as well as your navigation and activity on our web site. by tracking this type of information, we can modify our content and product displays to enhance your experience on our web site. this information is only used to help us make our web site more useful to you. except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. raw data logs are retained temporarily as required for security and site management purposes only. information collected for tracking purposes (cookies) like many web sites, we use “cookies” to obtain information when your web browser accesses our web site. “cookies” are small amounts of data that are stored on your computer and find their way to your browser via a web server. they flag information about your activity on our web site. this information helps us to improve our web site and to make it friendlier and easier to use. we are then able to “recognize” you and personalize your experience with our web site. you may “turn off” cookies by following steps outlined in the “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers; however, cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our web site’s best features, so we recommend that you leave them turned on. we may use third party service providers to serve advertisements and e-mail messages on our behalf. this form of marketing is called “retargeting;” and it enhances the web surfing experience. these companies may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of advertisements and use information about your visits to our web site and other web sites you visit so that we can provide a better experience for you. these third party service providers may collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site and your interaction with our web site. this anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag. no personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. our third party service providers do not learn the name, telephone number, postal address, e-mail address, or any other personal information about you. sharing information we may share aggregated general information collected by our web site with our agents, representatives, service providers, contractors, ashley furniture homestore® retail furniture stores, and ashley furniture industries, inc. and its subsidiaries. aggregated data does not contain any personally identifiable information that could be used to contact or identify you. we only share personally identifiable information to other companies or individuals if one or more of the following limited circumstances apply: ·  we have your consent. ·  we provide such information to respected businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifiable information on our behalf. when this is done, it is subject to agreements that obligate those parties to process such information only in accordance with our instructions, in compliance with this privacy policy, and with appropriate confidentiality and security measures in place. we have no control over, and bear no responsibility for the privacy policies and/or content of any web sites or advertisers linked to or on ashleyfurniturehomestore.com, or the cookies these web sites deposit on your computer. ·  we provide such information to ashley furniture homestore® retail furniture stores, including those that are independently owned and operated. these ashley furniture homestore® retail furniture stores may use this information to offer products and services to you. ·  when required by law or where we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a criminal investigation, a court order, or legal process served on our company in direct relation to you. we may also share your personally identifiable information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the terms of use of our web site and services, or as otherwise required by law. ·  if you have established an account with us, we may share the information submitted under your account among all of the services and web sites we own in order to provide you with a seamless experience and to improve the quality of our services. we will not disclose your account information to other people or non-affiliated companies, except in limited circumstances described in this privacy policy or with your consent. ·  in the event that another company acquires all or substantially all of the assets related to our business, we reserve the right to include any or all stored personally identifiable information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company. ·  we may store and process personally identifiable information collected on our web site in the united states or any other country in which we maintain facilities. by using our services, you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities, including those located outside your country. we currently do not share your personally identifiable information with any other companies or organizations that would target you with offers or promotions that are not directly related to ashley furniture homestore® retail furniture stores or this web site. security we take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of the data you provide to us. our servers are protected by firewalls and are physically located in secure data facilities to further increase security. while no computer is 100% safe from outside attacks, we believe that the steps we have taken to protect your personally identifiable information dramatically reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate for the type of data involved. opt-out of services at any time you may opt-out of our services. you are free to delete all cookies on your browser, or have your browser notify you when a cookie is set – simply check your browser settings. by deleting your cookies you will disable our ability, or that of our third party partners, to deliver advertisements that are targeted to your interests. you will have to clear your cookies each time you visit our web site to ensure that you are not receiving retargeted advertisements. you may also receive e-mail messages from us if you provide us with your e-mail address. you may choose to stop receiving e-mail messages by “opting-out” of our list. if you no longer wish to receive these communications, let us know by following the directions on an e-mail message you receive from us. if you have registered on ashleyfurniturehomestores.com, you can cancel your e-mail subscription by accessing ashleyfurniturehomestores.com, then: ·  click on “my account” ·  enter e-mail address and password ·  click sign in ·  click edit account ·  click the box (to uncheck) indicating that you would like to receive e-mail messages relating to promotions and feature items ·  click submit changes privacy policy changes as we continue to improve the services, products, and features we provide, this privacy policy is subject to change. this privacy policy is subject to change without notice. we may change our policy at any time by posting a new version of it on our web site. therefore you should review this privacy policy each time you visit our web site. california privacy rights pursuant to section 1798.83 of california civil code, a california resident with whom we have established a business relationship has the right to request from us certain information with respect to the types of personally identifiable information we have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third parties, and the identities of the third parties with whom we have shared information during the immediately preceding calendar year. all requests for such information must be in writing and sent to: ashley furniture industries, brand identity, one ashley way, arcadia, wi 54612. concerns about privacy if you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy, please contact us: ashley furniture industries attention: director of web strategy one ashley way arcadia, wi 54612 this policy was last updated june 2009 sign up today and we'll notify you first about sales, special events, and new styles. country: united states canada costa rica japan mexico puerto rico indonesia united states zip/postal code: the new ashley furniture homestore card: apply today manage account read about the latest trends, new products, and helpful design tips & ideas. zip code request so we may provide you accurate pricing and online shopping availability, please enter your delivery zip / postal code. submit continue without pricing email exclusives sign up for exclusive email offers! email confirm email first name country code canada usa zip code i am 13 years of age or older submit cancel privacy policy gas card redemption gas card class action information please select one location, click on "submit," and you will be redirected to the appropriate information. please select a country. us resident canada resident submit cancel financing apply online today for financing! ashley furniture homestores are independently owned and operated. special financing options are available at participating locations with an account from cit. the account is subject soley to approval by cit. for more information, contact cit directly at xxx.xxx.xxxx. click on the link below to view participating locations that accept the card. see participating store list the participating store list is accurate as of the date noted on the list. for the most up to date information, we suggest you contact the stores you are interested in and ask them if they accept financing from cit. enter your delivery zip code below to get the contact information for the stores near you. country: canada usa zip/postal code: submit click to proceed to credit application. us application canadian application continue shopping about us faq customer service privacy policy terms of use site map © 2011 ashley furniture industries inc. all rights reserved. we're sorry - an error occurred. ok