来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121223135324/http://www.ashleyfurniturehomestore.com/CustomerService/SiteContent.aspx?pid=10&cid=11&rid=9
================================================================================

faq's login / create account financing stores weekly ad search general information terms of use privacy policy helpful information faq's furniture terms care and cleaning cleaning codes testimonials delivery information how do i find my serial number? warranty information back to shopping sign up today for ashley furniture homestore email updates. français my favorites my account faq's the company what is the relationship between ashley furniture industries and ashley furniture homestore retail furniture stores? is ashley furniture listed on the ny stock exchange? can i buy ashley stock? does ashley furniture employ accounts receivable people who work from home or over the internet? does ashley furniture require employees to cash checks received from customers or clients? have you received a suspicious e-mail about ashley furniture? does ashley furniture charge a job application fee? does ashley furniture use mass email to solicit employment? how can i apply for a job with ashley furniture? the furniture how should i clean my upholstery? can i buy an extra table leaf? what is the difference between king size and california king size beds? what is durapella® & duraplush™? what is durablend™? is there a way to touch up the finish on my furniture? i need assembly instructions for my furniture. where can i get them? does ashley furniture meet the california tb117 fire retardant standards on the upholstered furniture they manufacture? purchasing the product why don’t you show prices on your web site? i have a question about the delivery status of my furniture. how can i get help? how can i find out which store carries a specific item? can i get an ashley furniture catalog? can i buy factory-direct? do you have financing plans? do you take custom orders? what are usd and cad? the warranty how can i get a refund or exchange for my furniture? i have a question about a warranty. how can i get help? what can i do if i have moved or my retailer is no longer in business? how do i find my serial number? the website having trouble viewing pages on our website? is everything ashley makes shown on the website? q: what is the relationship between ashley furniture industries and ashley furniture homestore retail furniture stores? a: ashley furniture homestore retail furniture stores are independently owned and operated. their affiliation with ashley furniture industries are as licensees through a licensed operating agreement. to top q: is ashley furniture listed on the ny stock exchange? can i buy ashley stock? a: ashley furniture industries, inc. and ashley furniture homestore retail furniture stores are privately owned companies; therefore, you cannot purchase ashley stock. to top q: does ashley furniture homestore retail furniture stores employ accounts receivable people who work from home or over the internet? a: no, we do not have accounts receivable employees who work from home or process payments via the internet.  ashley furniture homestore invoices clearly state where payments are to be sent. to top q: does ashley furniture homestore retail furniture stores require employees to cash checks received from customers or clients? a: no, ashley's invoices clearly state where payments are to be sent. they are never sent to a home address. to top q: have you received a suspicious e-mail about ashley furniture? ashley furniture industries, inc. has informed the better business bureau that the "ashley furniture" name is being used on the internet by someone not associated with ashley furniture industries, inc., to perpetrate work-at-home and counterfeit check scams. between november 2007 and august 2008, the company has received almost 8,000 inquiries from consumers who have received bogus email messages from scammers pretending to represent ashley furniture industries, inc. generally, the scam email message informs consumers of a fictitious work-at-home position as an ashley furniture accounts receivable employee. consumers who responded to the scam were sent counterfeit checks by the scammers, were instructed to deposit the counterfeit checks into their personal accounts, to deduct a commission, and to wire the remainder to someone representing themselves to be an “ashley furniture representative”. ashley furniture industries has posted an email scam reporting system, with tips to avoid becoming a victim, on its commercial website. please take a moment to review the reporting system by clicking here. to top q: does ashley furniture charge a job application fee? a: no. to top q: does ashley furniture use mass email to solicit employment? a: no. applications are taken in person at ashley facilities, on line on the http://www.ashleyfurniture.com/#/home/our-company/careers web site, on other employment sites, by mail, or via email. to top q: how can i apply for a job with ashley furniture? a: ashley furniture homestores are independently owned and operated; therefore, you would need to contact the store in your area to learn about their current employment opportunities. for information on a career with ashley furniture industries, inc., please visit http://www.ashleyfurniture.com/#/home/our-company/careers and click on the job postings tab. to top q: how should i clean my upholstery? a: our upholstery products have a tag located under one of the seat cushions or under the unit. the tag shows a universal cleaning code that indicates what method should be used for that product. click here for an explanation of the codes or for other helpful care and cleaning tips, please click here. to top q: can i buy an extra table leaf? a: each leaf is cut when the table is made; therefore, additional leaves are not available. to top q: what is the difference between king size and california king size beds? a: california king size is 4" longer and 4" narrower than king size. to top q: what is durapella® & duraplush™? a: durapella® and duraplush™ are high-tech fabrics that are a breakthrough in comfort. durapella® and duraplush™ consists of 100% microdenier polyester suede, which provides the subtle look and elegant feel of suede, yet improved durability and stain-resistance.  everyday spills like coffee, wine and ink are cleaned easily and effectively with a mixture of low ph balance liquid soap and water. to top q: what is durablend™? a: durablend™ upholstery offers the rich look and feel of leather using a polyurethane/leather blend to create a comfortable and economical alternative to natural leather. fabric contents: 57% polyurethane, 26% poly/cotton, 17% leather. to top q: is there a way to touch up the finish on my furniture? a: touch up crayons and markers are available at local hardware and home improvement stores in a variety of color packs. these types of crayons and markers are made especially for furniture and work well touching up most flaws. to top q: i need assembly instructions for my furniture. where can i get them? a: if the item(s) you purchased requires assembly, detailed instructions should have been included in the carton. if they were missing or you have misplaced them, please submit the following information: a copy of your original sales receipt, your name, fax number or mailing address and the model number(s) you need to assemble. you may fax your request to 800-856-4976 or mail it to: ashley furniture industries, inc. attn: consumer affairs one ashley way arcadia, wi 54612 to top q: does ashley furniture meet the california tb117 fire retardant standards on the upholstered furniture they manufacture? a: ashley cares about your safety... and we prove it in every piece of upholstery and leather that we produce. california technical bulletin 117 (tb117) is one of the industry’s most stringent fire retardency initiatives for foam. passing this requirement is crucial to manufacturing quality, flame resistant, safe products. at ashley, we are proud to say that this foam is used in every piece of upholstery that we manufacture because we care about your safety and the safety of your family. to top q: why don’t you show prices on your web site? a: the www.ashleyfurniturehomestore.com website is designed to showcase our furniture products. prices are not shown on this site because each ashley furniture homestore is independently owned and operated; therefore, prices may vary by location. to locate the store nearest you, click here. to top q: i have a question about the delivery status of my furniture. how can i get help? a: since the store where you purchased your furniture is independently owned and operated, you should contact this store directly.  if necessary, the store can contact their ashley customer relations manager for additional order status information. to top q: how can i find out which store carries a specific item? a: ashley furniture homestore retail furniture stores are independently owned and operated. please contact customer service at your local store. to locate the store nearest you, click here. to top q: can i get an ashley furniture catalog? a: our catalogs are available for viewing at ashley furniture homestore retail furniture stores. or, you may view our online catalog at www.ashleyfurniturehomestore.com. to top q: can i buy factory-direct? a: online shopping will soon be available in select areas through our ashley furniture homestore network. at this time, ashley products may be purchased from ashley furniture homestore retail furniture stores throughout the country.  to locate the store nearest you, click here. to top q: do you have financing plans? a: financing options vary by location. many stores feature a self-service kiosk where you can apply for credit in a private, confidential setting. to locate the store nearest you, click here. to top q: do you take custom orders? a: with more than 6000 items in our product line, we offer one of the largest selections of home furnishings available. in order to maintain high quality products at affordable prices, we choose to produce our furniture in large quantities, realizing cost savings, rather than making custom orders. you may view our online catalog at www.ashleyfurniturehomestore.com or to find the ashley furniture homestore nearest you, click here. to top q: what are usd and cad? a: usd stands for united states dollars.  cad stands for canadian dollars. to top q: how can i get a refund or exchange for my furniture? a: ashley furniture homestore retail furniture stores are independently owned and operated. each store sets their own policies regarding returns and exchanges. please contact directly the store where you purchased the furniture. the store’s phone number can be found on your receipt or on our store locator click here. to top q: i have a question about a warranty. how can i get help? a: claim procedure if a problem should arise which you feel is covered by our limited warranties, contact the ashley furniture industries, inc. authorized retailer from whom you purchased your furniture. the original bill of sale and the product serial number are necessary for the fulfillment of the warranty. please make sure any claim for warranty service is accompanied by the necessary information to satisfy the warranty requirements. if necessary, the retailer will contact ashley furniture industries, inc. to establish service. if the problem can be easily corrected, ashley furniture industries, inc. will authorize the retailer to make those repairs. ashley furniture industries, inc. reserves the right to require defective parts be returned upon request. ashley furniture industries, inc. is not responsible for scheduling or the cost of transporting your furniture from your home to the retailer or from the retailer to your home. you must make those arrangements with the retailer. to top q: what can i do if i have moved or my retailer is no longer in business?click here to top a: q: how do i find my serial number? a: serial numbers are commonly 9-15 digits in length and may be found in various places. click here to find where your serial number may be located. to top q: having trouble viewing pages on our website? a: if you are using internet explorer, we recommend downloading internet explorer 7.0 version or higher at this link: http://www.microsoft.com/windows/downloads/ie/getitnow.mspx if you are using mozilla firefox, we recommend downloading firefox 3.0.1 version or higher at this link: http://www.mozilla.org/download.html we do not support other browsers at this time. to top q: is everything ashley makes shown on the website? a: the website is designed to showcase a wide variety of our product line. the site does not feature every design. you may want to visit your nearest ashley furniture homestore to see a more complete selection or to view their full color catalog. to find the ashley furniture homestore nearest you, click here. to top sign up today and we'll notify you first about sales, special events, and new styles. country: united states canada costa rica japan mexico puerto rico indonesia guatemala jordan united states zip/postal code: the new ashley furniture homestore card: apply today manage account read about the latest trends, new products, and helpful design tips & ideas. zip code request so we may provide you accurate pricing and online shopping availability, please enter your delivery zip / postal code. submit continue without pricing email exclusives sign up for exclusive email offers! email confirm email first name country code canada usa zip code i am 13 years of age or older submit cancel privacy policy gas card redemption gas card class action information please select one location, click on "submit," and you will be redirected to the appropriate information. please select a country. us resident canada resident submit cancel financing apply online today for financing! ashley furniture homestores are independently owned and operated. special financing options are available at participating locations with an account from cit. the account is subject soley to approval by cit. for more information, contact cit directly at xxx.xxx.xxxx. click on the link below to view participating locations that accept the card. see participating store list the participating store list is accurate as of the date noted on the list. for the most up to date information, we suggest you contact the stores you are interested in and ask them if they accept financing from cit. enter your delivery zip code below to get the contact information for the stores near you. country: canada usa zip/postal code: submit click to proceed to credit application. us application canadian application continue shopping about us faq customer service privacy policy terms of use site map © 2013 ashley furniture industries inc. all rights reserved. we're sorry - an error occurred. ok