来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231130224/http://www.ashleyfurniturehomestore.com/CustomerService/SiteContent.aspx?pid=8&cid=10&rid=8
================================================================================

care & cleaning login / create account store locator wish list financing living  room living room setssectionalssofas / couches sofa sleepersloveseatschaises accent chairschairs / ottomansrecliners futonsaccent tablesmedia storage living room accessories sofas, loveseats, sectionals and moreknow your style? shop the style you are looking for. bedroom bedroom setsbedsnightstands chestsdressers / mirrorsarmoires benchesbedroom storagekids bedroom furniture bedroom accessories sets, storage, kids rooms and accessoriesoutfit the entire room or find that specific piece you are looking for. dining  room kitchen / dining room tableschairs / benchesbarstools kitchen / dining room storage tables, chairs, barstools and moreshop for sets or for individual pieces to complete your dining room. home  office office desksoffice chairsoffice storage work spaces you can enjoycomplete your home office with all the essentials. home  entertainment sofaschairs / reclinersmedia storage entertaining furniture from media storage to sofasfurniture for entertaining, designs to fit your style. kids kids bedroom setskids beds / nightstandskids dressers kids desks / chairscubes / storage beds, dressers, desks and morepieces to furnish the room, configurations to fit any space. accessories rugsaccent pillowsbed pillows throwsbeddinglamps / lighting wall artdecorative accessories from rugs and lamps to pillows and artshop for accent pieces to complete your room. mattresses ashley sleep mattressesbed pillowsfoundations sealysimmonssealy canada tempur-pedic a good night’s sleepfind the perfect mattress to get the rest you need. collections burkesvillecarlylecross island flemingsburghamlynhindell park kenwood loftkey townledelle martini studionorth shoreortanique portertrishelle collectionscoordinate a room or a whole house with furniture that works together seamlessly! get inspired ideas & tipssearch our library of useful design & decoration tips.surely to inspire!collectionscoordinate a room or a whole house with furniture that works together seamlessly!trendwatchour monthly online magazine features product information, design ideas and more! care & cleaning products & materials care & cleaning warranty information purchasing & delivery faq company information technical support care & cleaning marble how to care and clean marble furniture? general care use coasters under glasses, especially if they contain alcohol or citrus juices. use placemats under china, ceramics, silver or other objects that may scratch the stone surface. clean with warm water. dip sponge or clean cloth into water.    wring out excess liquid as much as possible. wipe surface. dry surface immediately after cleaning. do not use vinegar, bleach, ammonia or other general-purpose cleaners. do not use cleaners that contain acid such as bathroom cleaners, grout cleaners, or tub and tile cleaners. do not use abrasive cleaners in either dry or liquid forms. do not use alkaline cleaners not specifically formulated for natural stone. professional refinishing is recommended to remove etch marks and restore the stone's natural finish. if you choose to seal your marble, use a quality product and follow the manufacturer's directions for use.stone sealants can be purchased at almost any home improvement center. spot cleaning marble liquid spills:blot away the excess liquid with a clean, dry, white cloth; turning the cloth frequently. spray the area with a marble cleaner or warm water and wipe. food spills:remove food with a non-abrasive item such as a plastic spoon. blot with dry, white cloth. spray the area with a marble cleaner and wipe. hide q: what are the natural characteristics of marble furniture? a: stone, including marble, slate, granite and travertine, is quite durable but should not be treated as indestructible. these beautiful materials are quarried from all over the world. every region is unique in color, veining, pits and seams. these are hallmark characteristics of a natural material. from piece to piece and even on a single quarried slab, there will be certain color variations. stone surfaces will have pits and fissures that appear as cracks. they result from immense heat and pressure, which formed the stone eons ago. these characteristics are part of the natural beauty and do not impair the function or durability of the material. hide leather how to care and clean marble furniture? general care dust often and use a vacuum cleaner crevice tool to clean seams. clean weekly using a damp sponge or soft, lint-free cloth. do not rub; instead, wipe gently. do not use or place sharp objects on leather goods. leather is very durable; however, it is not accident or damage proof. keep leather furniture out of direct sunlight and at least two feet from heat sources to avoid fading and cracking. do not place newspapers or magazines on leather furniture. the ink from these items may be transferred onto the leather. do not use abrasives, harsh chemicals, or saddle soap on leather furniture. only use recommended cleaners. pretest all of the care products in a hidden area to make sure that they are compatible with the leather. do not use common household cleaners on leather furniture. these cleaners can cause severe damage and costly repairs. improper cleaning may void your leather furniture warranty. spot cleaning leather blot any spills immediately; do not rub.blot away the excess liquid with a clean, dry, white cloth; turning the cloth frequently. spray the area with a marble cleaner or warm water and wipe. to remove a spot, follow the steps below...use a solution of 1/2 mild soap (neutrogena) and 1/2 distilled water on a slightly dampened cloth or sponge.rinse by blotting with distilled water.blot to remove excess water. for difficult stains, contact a professional cleaning service. hide q: what are the natural characteristics of leather? a: all leather has natural markings, including variations of shade and tone, nicks, scratches, and wrinkles that only occur in genuine leather. these characteristics distinguish genuine leather from man-made materials. some marks which will appear on the surface of your leather are healed scratches, barbed wire marks, wrinkles and insect bites and are in no way to be considered a defect. grain patterns and the color of the leather will vary from hide to hide and also within the same hide. these natural markings will not affect the durability or construction of your piece, but is your assurance that you have a true leather hide. hide rugs how to clean and care for rugs? general care vacuum regularly on the lowest-level suction. avoid fringe trim to prevent accidental fraying rotate on a regular basis to evenly distribute wear. professionally clean once a year to remove any stains. spot cleaning leather if a spill occurs, blot with a clean, absorbent white cloth. do not rub. many stains can be gently removed by using club soda and a small amount of carpet cleaning detergent. to remove candle wax, place a blotter or brown paper bag over the spot. place a hot iron over the blotter (move constantly and do not let the iron stay in one place). wait a few minutes until the wax is absorbed into the blotter. repeat if necessary. to remove chewing gum, press ice cubes against the spot. wait until the gum becomes brittle and easily breaks off. use a spot remover to vanish last traces of gum. saturate the spot with cloth soaked in vinegar or alcohol. to remove ink, saturate the spot with hairspray. allow it to dry. blot lightly with a solution of water and vinegar. hide painted furniture how to clean and care for painted furniture? general care dust or wipe clean with a cloth dampened with water once a week. be sure not to leave water spots on the surface. these water spots will dry and could possibly leave permanent marks. spot cleaning painted furniture clean stains/spots using the following steps:dampen a soft cloth with a mixture of hot water and liquid dishwashing detergent.wring the cloth as much as possible to remove excess liquid. rub the surface lightly in a circular motion.dry the surface immediately with a clean, soft towel. hide wood furniture how to clean and care for wood furniture? general care use a lint-free cloth to polish wood furniture on a weekly basis. keep furniture away from heating and air conditioning sources to prevent loss of moisture. keep furniture out of direct sunlight to prevent fading or darkening of wood furniture. use felt backing on lamps and other accessories to prevent scratches and gouges, and rotate accessories so they do not remain in the same spot all of the time. use placemats under plates and hot pads under serving dishes. use coasters under all beverages. do not place newspapers or magazines on woods surfaces. the ink from these items may bleed into the finish and could damage the wood. do not use abrasives or harsh chemicals on wood furniture. spot cleaning wood to remove food stains, wipe up the spill immediately. polish with a soft, clean cloth. to remove cloudiness, rub surface with cloth dipped in solution of one tablespoon of vinegar mixed with one quart of water. rub in the same direction as the grain until surface is completely dry. follow with an application of furniture oil or polish that does not cause a waxy build-up or has silicones, such as guardsman or heritage. to remove water rings, rub with a mixture of equal parts white vinegar and cooking oil in the same direction of the grain. to remove candle wax or chewing gum, hold an ice cube over the wax or gum for a few seconds so that it will chill and harden. be sure to wipe up water as the ice melts to prevent water spots. remove as much of the wax or gum as possible with your fingers and then scrape away the remainder gently using the dull edge of a table knife. rub the spot briskly with a cloth saturated in cream wax. repeat if needed. hide upholstered furniture how to clean and care for upholstered furniture? general care keep upholstered furniture out of direct sunlight. rotate cushions and pillows on a regular basis to allow even distribution of wear. vacuum weekly using the upholstery attachment to remove soil that could be abrasive to surface. do not place magazines or newspapers on upholstery. the ink from these items may bleed onto the fabric and cause stains. use caution when using household chemicals near upholstered furniture. the overspray of these products could cause damage to your furniture. periodic professionally cleaning is recommended. spot cleaning upholstery if a spill occurs, it is important to clean the fabric immediately. blot with a clean, white cloth. do not rub. select the appropriate stain removal method. to determine this, look under one of the seat cushions or under the unit to find a tag. this tag shows a universal cleaning code. this cleaning code relates to a recommended method to be used. for a list of fabric/upholstery cleaning codes, click here. pretest all of the care products in a hidden area to make sure that they are compatible. to prevent rings, it is important to clean spots from the outside to the middle of the affected area. do not use detergents or strong chemicals to clean your upholstery. hide mattresses how to clean and care for mattresses? general care vacuum mattress regularly. turn and rotate a new mattress every few weeks to help smooth out contours. after a few months, turn and rotate a mattress twice a year to help equalize the wear and tear that normally occurs. it is suggested to use a mattress pad as protection from stains. do not allow your mattress to get wet. protect it from liquids. do not use dry cleaning products on your mattress. this may cause damage to some of the material. spot cleaning mattresses if your mattress becomes wet or soiled, blot any excess moisture using a soft cloth. to clean a stain/spot, use mild soap with cold water and apply lightly. hide metal furniture how to clean and care for metal furniture? general care wash with a soft cloth or sponge, using a few drops of dishwashing liquid and warm water. do not use vinegar, lemon, or abrasive cleaners. hide slate furniture how to clean and care for slate furniture? general care wash with a soft cloth or sponge, using a few drops of dishwashing liquid and warm water. do not use vinegar, lemon, or abrasive cleaners. hide glass furniture how to clean and care for glass furniture? general care do not slide rough objects across glass. this can cause permanent scratches to the surface. do not use abrasive cleaners on glass, which may cause scratches. do not clean glass without rinsing off excessive dirt and debris. to clean, use warm water and a soft, lint-free cloth. wring out excess water and wipe surface. dry immediately with a dry lint-free cloth. a non-abrasive commercial glass cleaner may also be used. hide q: how should i clean my upholstery? a: our upholstery products have a tag located under one of the seat cushions or under the unit. the tag shows a universal cleaning code that indicates what method should be used for that product. click here for an explanation of the codes. hide q: is there a way to touch up the finish on my furniture? a: touch up crayons and markers are available at local hardware and home improvement stores in a variety of color packs. these types of crayons and markers are made especially for furniture and work well touching up most flaws. hide cleaning codes dc = dry clean only. e = use the millennium leather care kit. n = use the millennium leather care kit. n fbr = natural fiber rugs - immediately blot spills to remove excess liquid with a clean white cloth or plain paper towel. blot again with a solution of one teaspoon mild detergent with one teaspoon of white vinegar in a quart of warm water. do not saturate. s = clean only with a dry cleaning solvent. do not saturate. do not use water. pile fabrics may require brushing to restore appearance. cushion covers should not be removed and dry-cleaned. sw = spot clean with upholstery shampoo, foam from a mild detergent, or a mild dry cleaning solvent. do not saturate with liquid. pile fabrics may require brushing to restore appearance. cushion covers should not be removed and dry-cleaned. w = clean only with water-based shampoo or foam upholstery cleaner. do not over wet. do not use solvents to spot clean. pile fabrics may require brushing to restore appearance. cushion covers should not be removed and dry-cleaned. ws = spot clean with upholstery shampoo, foam from a mild detergent, or a mild dry cleaning solvent. do not saturate with liquid. pile fabrics may require brushing to restore appearance. cushion covers should not be removed and dry-cleaned. x = do not clean with either water or solvent-based cleaner. use vacuuming or light brushing only. wool = tufted wool rugs - blot spills up immediately with a clean white cloth or plain paper towel. financing apply online today for financing! ashley furniture homestores are independently owned and operated. special financing options are available at participating locations with an account from cit. the account is subject soley to approval by cit. for more information, contact cit directly at xxx.xxx.xxxx. click on the link below to view participating locations that accept the card. see participating store list the participating store list is accurate as of the date noted on the list. for the most up to date information, we suggest you contact the stores you are interested in and ask them if they accept financing from cit. enter your delivery zip code below to get the contact information for the stores near you. country: canada usa zip/postal code: submit click to proceed to credit application. us application canadian application continue shopping about us our furniture our story giving back environmental efforts privacy & terms sitemap customer support products & materials care & cleaning purchasing & delivery warranty information faq my account personal info my wish list connect with us subscribe to our newsletters for special deals and design ideas. living room bedroom dining room home office home entertainment kids accessories mattresses collections ©2014 ashley furniture industries inc. all rights reserved. français email confirm email first name country code canada usa zip code am 13 years of age or older privacy policy let inspiration come to you. sign up now to get special offers and the latest design trends. please enter a valid email address. no thanks