来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231130224/http://www.ashleyfurniturehomestore.com/CustomerService/SiteContent.aspx?pid=1&cid=6&rid=1
================================================================================

privacy policy login / create account store locator wish list financing living  room living room setssectionalssofas / couches sofa sleepersloveseatschaises accent chairschairs / ottomansrecliners futonsaccent tablesmedia storage living room accessories sofas, loveseats, sectionals and moreknow your style? shop the style you are looking for. bedroom bedroom setsbedsnightstands chestsdressers / mirrorsarmoires benchesbedroom storagekids bedroom furniture bedroom accessories sets, storage, kids rooms and accessoriesoutfit the entire room or find that specific piece you are looking for. dining  room kitchen / dining room tableschairs / benchesbarstools kitchen / dining room storage tables, chairs, barstools and moreshop for sets or for individual pieces to complete your dining room. home  office office desksoffice chairsoffice storage work spaces you can enjoycomplete your home office with all the essentials. home  entertainment sofaschairs / reclinersmedia storage entertaining furniture from media storage to sofasfurniture for entertaining, designs to fit your style. kids kids bedroom setskids beds / nightstandskids dressers kids desks / chairscubes / storage beds, dressers, desks and morepieces to furnish the room, configurations to fit any space. accessories rugsaccent pillowsbed pillows throwsbeddinglamps / lighting wall artdecorative accessories from rugs and lamps to pillows and artshop for accent pieces to complete your room. mattresses ashley sleep mattressesbed pillowsfoundations sealysimmonssealy canada tempur-pedic a good night’s sleepfind the perfect mattress to get the rest you need. collections burkesvillecarlylecross island flemingsburghamlynhindell park kenwood loftkey townledelle martini studionorth shoreortanique portertrishelle collectionscoordinate a room or a whole house with furniture that works together seamlessly! get inspired ideas & tipssearch our library of useful design & decoration tips.surely to inspire!collectionscoordinate a room or a whole house with furniture that works together seamlessly!trendwatchour monthly online magazine features product information, design ideas and more! privacy policy about us privacy policyterms of useprivacy policy for ashley homestores, ltd.this privacy policy of ashley homestores, ltd. (referred to as "ashley," "we," "us," or "our") describes the types of information we may collect when you visit our website, mobile applications or social media sites (collectively the “sites”). we understand how important it is to keep your personal information confidential. we value the information you provide to us and want you to be confident that we are committed to protecting your privacy. our commitment to protecting your privacy is outlined in the policies below.this policy addresses the nature, purpose, use, and sharing of any information collected via our sites. the information you provide on our sites will be used only for its intended purpose and as outlined in this privacy policy. except as outlined herein, the submission and collection of personally identifiable information (defined below) is strictly voluntary. by using or visiting any site, you acknowledge your agreement on the terms of use related to that site or application. if you do not want to give us your permission to use your information, please do not provide it. however, not providing certain information may result in our inability to provide you with the information or services you desire. information collectedthe two types of information we collect are personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information.non-personally identifiable information is anonymous information that cannot be used to identify you. we use this information to track navigation through our sites, which pages are viewed most often, what other websites are visited, and similar data.personally identifiable information is sensitive information that can be used to identify you. personally identifiable information includes, among other information, your full name, e-mail address, physical mailing address, and telephone number. some of the features on our online sites require that you provide us information about yourself. this information is collected only when you provide it to us by registering as a member for an account or by filling out a form on our online sites. you can review and update any personally identifiable information you have elected to provide to us prior to submitting the information. when you provide us your personally identifiable information, you consent to the information practices described in this policy.we will never request your password, user name, or other personally identifiable information through e-mail. this practice, called "phishing," is oftentimes a scam designed to steal your personal information. if you receive an e- mail message that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, please do not respond.use of personally identifiable information you choose to provideif you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information, we will use that information to enhance your experience in the following ways:complete your request to sign up to receive information via e-mail on any of our online sites.complete your request to register as a member of any of our online sites you select.complete your request to register to use any of our online tools you select at any one of our online sites.customize your shopping experience.notify you of advertisements and promotions related to ashley furniture homestores®.communicate great values and featured items to you.comply with valid legal procedures, requirements, regulations, and statutes.share your personally identifiable information with third party vendors but only to the extent required to help us perform any of the aforementioned functions.childrenour online sites are general audience sites. we do not permit anyone who tells they are under the age of 13 to register with us. we also do not collect any information from anyone that tells us they are under the age of 13. children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any contact information to anyone online. we urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental controls or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the internet.automatically collected informationwe save information based on your interaction with our online sites. this allows us to process your inquiries more efficiently, and ultimately, provide you with enhanced customer service. this information includes, but is not limited to, your internet protocol address (the address automatically assigned to your computer every time you establish a connection to the internet), the name of any referring websites, as well as your navigation and activity on our websites. by tracking this type of information, we may be able to modify our content and product displays to enhance your experience while visiting our online sites.this information is only used to help us make our sites more useful to you. except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. raw data logs are retained temporarily as required for security and site management purposes only.information collected for tracking purposes (cookies)like many websites, our sites do not currently respond to “do not track signals” or other mechanisms that consumers may utilize on their web browsing device to limit the collection of certain information about a consumer’s activities over time and across various websites or online services. as with most websites, we use "cookies" to obtain information when your web browser accesses our online site. "cookies" are small amounts of data that are stored on your computer and find their way to your browser via a web server. they flag information about your activity on our online sites. this information helps us to improve our sites and to make them friendlier and easier to use. we are then able to "recognize" you and personalize your experience with our sites. you may "turn off" cookies by following steps outlined in the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers; however, cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our sites’ best features, so we recommend that you leave them turned on.we may use third party service providers to serve advertisements on our behalf. this form of marketing is called "retargeting;" and it enhances the web surfing experience. these companies may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of advertisements and use information about your visits to our online sites and other websites you visit so that we can provide a better experience for you. these third party service providers may collect anonymous information about your visits to our online sites and your interaction with our online sites. this anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag and/or cookie. no personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. our third party service providers do not learn the name, telephone number, postal address, e-mail address, or any other personally identifiable information about you in connection with the aforementioned retargeting process.sharing informationwe may share aggregated general information collected by our sites with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sister or parent corporations or with independently owned and operated ashley furniture homestore® retail furniture stores or with our service providers. aggregated data does not contain any personally identifiable information that could be used to contact or identify you.we only share personally identifiable information in one or more of the following limited circumstances:we have your consent.we may provide such information to respected third party service providers but only to the extent necessary for them to assist and support us as we attempt to better provide enhanced products and services to you and to complete your requests to receive information from us via email, use our online tools or register as a member or any of our online sites. when this is done, it is subject to agreements or other specific direction given to the service provider that requires them to process such information only in accordance with our instructions, in compliance with this privacy policy, and with appropriate confidentiality and security measures in place. we have no control over, and bear no responsibility for the privacy policies and/or content of any websites or advertisers linked to or on any of our sites or cookies these websites may deposit on your computer.we may provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliates, sister or parent corporations or with independently owned and operated ashley furniture homestore® retail furniture stores and independently owned and operated ashley furniture homestore® retail furniture stores may use this information to offer products and services to you.when required by law or where we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a criminal investigation, a court order, or legal process served on our company in direct relation to you. we may also share your personally identifiable information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the terms of use of our sites and services, or as otherwise required by law.if you have established an account with us, we may share the information submitted under your account among any or all of and our subsidiaries, affiliates, sister or parent corporations or with independently owned and operated ashley furniture homestore® retail furniture stores in order to provide you with a seamless experience and to improve the quality of our services. we will not disclose your account information to other people or non-affiliated companies, except in limited circumstances described in this privacy policy or with your consent.in the event that another company acquires all or substantially all of the assets related to our business, we reserve the right to include any or all stored personally identifiable information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company.we may store and process personally identifiable information collected on our site in the united states or any other country in which we maintain facilities. by using our sites and services, you consent to the transfer of your information among these, including those located outside your country. we currently do not share your personally identifiable information with any other companies or organizations that would present you with offers or promotions that are not directly related to ashley or our subsidiary, affiliate, sister or parent companies, or one of the independently owned and operated ashley furniture homestore® retail furniture stores.securitywe take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of the data you provide to us. our servers are protected by firewalls and are physically located in secure data facilities to further increase security. while no computer or facility is 100% safe from outside attacks, we believe that the steps we have taken to protect your personally identifiable information dramatically reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate for the type of data involved.opt- out of servicesat any time you may opt-out of our services. you are free to delete all cookies on your browser, or have your browser notify you when a cookie is set - simply check your browser settings. by deleting your cookies you will disable our ability, or that of our third party partners, to deliver advertisements that are targeted to your interests. you will have to clear your cookies each time you visit our online sites to ensure that you are not receiving retargeted advertisements.you may also receive e-mail messages from us if you choose to provide us with your e-mail address. you may choose to stop receiving e-mail messages by "opting-out" of our list. if you no longer wish to receive these communications, let us know by following the opt-out directions on any of the e-mail messages you have received from us. privacy policy changesas we continue to improve the services, products, and features we provide, this privacy policy is subject to change. this privacy policy is subject to change without direct notice to you. we may change our policy at any time by posting a new version of it on our online sites. therefore you should review this privacy policy each time you visit our sites. the dates provided below will inform you as to when the most recent material updates to this policy occurred and the date on which the updated policy became effective.date of last update: january 2014 date updated policy became effective: january 1, 2014. california privacy rightspursuant to section 1798.83 of california civil code, a california resident with whom we have established a business relationship has the right to request from us certain information with respect to the types of personally identifiable information we have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third parties, and the identities of the third parties with whom we have shared information during the immediately preceding calendar year. all requests for such information must be in writing and sent to: ashley homestores, ltd., director of e-retail, one ashley way, arcadia, wi 54612.concerns about privacyif you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy, please contact us:ashley homestores, ltd.attention: director of e-retailone ashley wayarcadia, wi 54612 financing apply online today for financing! ashley furniture homestores are independently owned and operated. special financing options are available at participating locations with an account from cit. the account is subject soley to approval by cit. for more information, contact cit directly at xxx.xxx.xxxx. click on the link below to view participating locations that accept the card. see participating store list the participating store list is accurate as of the date noted on the list. for the most up to date information, we suggest you contact the stores you are interested in and ask them if they accept financing from cit. enter your delivery zip code below to get the contact information for the stores near you. country: canada usa zip/postal code: submit click to proceed to credit application. us application canadian application continue shopping about us our furniture our story giving back environmental efforts privacy & terms sitemap customer support products & materials care & cleaning purchasing & delivery warranty information faq my account personal info my wish list connect with us subscribe to our newsletters for special deals and design ideas. living room bedroom dining room home office home entertainment kids accessories mattresses collections ©2014 ashley furniture industries inc. all rights reserved. français email confirm email first name country code canada usa zip code am 13 years of age or older privacy policy let inspiration come to you. sign up now to get special offers and the latest design trends. please enter a valid email address. no thanks