来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151227064420/https://www.ashleyfurniturehomestore.com/warranty-information
================================================================================

ashley furniture homestores - warranty information sign in create account store locator order status up to 20% designer picks prices in usd only designer tips & ideas menu furniture back furniture living room back living room sofas loveseats sectional sofas sleeper sofa power sofas, loveseats & recliners recliners chairs & chaise ottomans & poufs coffee tables end & side tables occasional tables console tables tv stands & media centers accent furniture storage bedroom back bedroom beds headboards nightstands dressers & mirrors chest of drawers chairs benches bedding bed pillows storage home office back home office desks office chairs bookcases storage kitchen & dining back kitchen & dining dining room tables dining room sets chairs bar stools benches storage lifestyles back lifestyles urbanology® vintage casual® contemporary traditional classics collections back collections porter tanshire zenfield more... bring home a stylish new sofa & save 20%* on loveseats. shop sofas kids back kids all kids beds nightstands bunk beds chairs desks dressers chest of drawers storage bedding wall decor lighting rugs furniture and accessories that fit their needs and your taste. shop all kids decor & pillows back decor & pillows home accents back home accents candles & candle holders home décor vases & bottles sculptures baskets & boxes bowls & trays storage & organization pillows & throws back pillows & throws blankets & throws poufs throw pillows wall décor back wall décor mirrors clocks framed art canvas art wall art tabletop back tabletop 5-piece sets canisters & jars up to 20% off* wall art & decor, including mirrors and wall clocks. shop now rugs back rugs area rugs kids rugs indoor / outdoor all rugs up to 20% off* rugs in floor-warming colors and sizes. shop all rugs lighting back lighting table lamps floor lamps chandeliers pendants kids lighting all lighting shed light at every level with unique table lamps, pendants and more. shop all lighting mattresses & bedding back mattresses & bedding mattresses back mattresses ashley sleep mattresses foundations & box springs sealy serta tempur-pedic tempur-pedic canada simmons bedding back bedding comforters quilts duvets & coverlets blankets & throws bed pillows kids bedding throw pillows all bedding ring in the new year with a brand new, ultra comfortable mattress. shop all mattresses smart buys back smart buys all smart buys living room bedroom dining room check out smart buys: suite style at super sweet prices. shop all smart buys sale back sale bar stools starting at $39.99 up to 50% off* select decor buy a sofa, save 20% on loveseats up to 20% off* wall decor up to 20% off* rugs all lighting up to 20% off* up to 25% off* occasional tables up to 20% off* designer picks up to 20% off pillows, poufs & throws shop deal thousands of items free shipping search find a store my account sign in create account store locator order status home warranty information warranty information tweet more topics customer care shopping returns shipping & delivery frequently asked questions care & cleaning glossary contact us select the appropriate warranty to jump to that section: ashley furniture industries, inc. ashley-sleep ashley furniture industries limited warranties the following limited warranties are given only to the original retail purchaser, subject to all the terms and conditions below. these limited warranties are non-transferable: ashley furniture industries, inc. (“ashley”), subject to all the limitations and exclusions described in these limited warranties, warrants the following ashley products and parts against material manufacturing defects for the duration set forth next to that product or part in the table below. product or part limited warranty duration labor coverage frames used in upholstered and leather products limited lifetime warranty*. 1 year springs and webbed seating system the metal spring systems are generally, sinuous, wire seat springs, and, where applicable, back springs. the webbed seating system is the webbing used to support the seating area. 5 year limited warranty 1 year recliner mechanisms 5 year limited warranty 1 year sleeper mechanism 3 year limited warranty 1 year sleeper mattress** 3 year limited warranty-pro-rated 1 year cushioning*** including unattached cushioning which means each cushion core in an unattached (loose) seat cushion and attached cushion which means each cushion core in a seat cushion which is attached to the product 1 year limited warranty 1 year leather and upholstery fabric**** 1 year limited warranty 1 year top of bed top of bed means comforters, bed skirts, pillow shams, and any accent pillows included with a comforter set. 30 days 30 days finishes and all other furniture products finishes and all other furniture products means all finishes and other parts, components, and other furniture products not specifically included in the above limited warranties, including but not limited to dining room tables, chairs, occasional tables, beds, dressers, sleeper mattresses, marble tops, granite tops, desks, curio cabinets, china cabinets, buffets, entertainment centers, lamps, electrical components (other than light bulbs), recliner pull cords and handles incorporated into any furniture product. 1 year limited warranty 1 year *as used in these limited warranties, “lifetime” means the normal useful life of the product under reasonable use. **after the first year of use, ashley will replace the sleep mattress on the following prorated basis:  more than 1 but less than 2 years of use, 90% of the cost of the replacement is covered; more than 2 years but less than 3 years of use, 80% of the cost of the replacement is covered. ***all seat cushion cores in both unattached cushioning and attached cushioning will soften with normal use and will conform to the shape of the user. this shall be considered normal wear, and shall not be considered a loss of resiliency or a material manufacturing defect. ****the leather and upholstery fabric limited warranty also includes seam slippage, cracking, and dye transfers. leather is a natural product, and, as such, each hide will reflect its own individuality. some variations of shade and tone are to be expected as are the nicks, scratches, and wrinkles that only occur in genuine leather; these characteristics are in no way to be considered a defect.  these limited warranties do not cover tears, flattening of nap, pilling, fading, or shrinking and is not valid when heavy soiling or abuse is evident.  these limited warranties also do not cover protective finishes, velvets, and velvet types, since by their very nature, these fabrics are of soft texture and will crush, shade and mark more readily than most fabrics; these characteristics are in no way to be considered a defect. limitations and exceptions the following limitation and exceptions apply to the limited warranties: remedy under these limited warranties, for all of its products other than an unattached cushion (as defined in the topical heading “cushioning”), the sole liability of ashley is limited to repair, or at its option, replacement the applicable product or part not in conformity with these limited warranties.  refunds are not available.  if within the warranty period, identical materials are unavailable at the time of repair or replacement, ashley reserves the right to substitute materials of equal or better quality. replacement fabrics may vary in color from the original due to dye lot differences. in addition, during the period of any applicable labor coverage, ashley will pay, within one year from the date of purchase, reasonable and customary labor rates to repair or replace the defective parts (at ashley’s option) and shipping costs from the retailer to and from ashley, at no charge to the original retail purchaser.  after the expiration of the labor coverage or for all products or parts not covered by labor coverage, the original retail purchaser will be responsible for labor, packing, and all shipping and transportation costs.  the costs associated with transporting the furniture or parts from your home to the retailer or from the retailer to your home are excluded from all limited warranties. for unattached cushions with a material manufacturing defect, ashley will replace the defective unattached cushion provided that the original retail purchaser during the warranty period (i) complies with the claim procedure set forth in these limited warranties and (ii) if requested by ashley, returns the defective cushion core contained within an unattached cushion to ashley furniture industries, inc., attn: director of quality, one ashley way, arcadia, wi 54612.   the remedy specified in this paragraph is ashley’s sole liability related to unattached cushions. any item repaired or replaced under these limited warranties will be covered by the limited warranties for the remainder of the original warranty period only. all products these limited warranties do not apply to (i) rented, business, commercial, institutional, or other non-residential uses, (ii) merchandise that was, at any time, used as a floor sample or display model, (iii) any merchandise purchased “as is” or second-hand, (iv) any merchandise purchased at a distress sale or a going-out-of business sale, (v) any merchandise purchased from a liquidator, or (vi) merchandise obtained from a rental retailer. all warranties, whether express or implied, cover only normal household usage. no warranty, express or implied, applies to any condition resulting from misuse, abuse, delivery or transportation damage, nor any condition resulting from incorrect or inadequate maintenance, cleaning or care. these limited warranties are null and void if furniture has been moved from original point of delivery to consumer. chemical treatments these limited warranties do not cover damages or defects caused by use of chemical treatments or protective coatings on the finish, leather, or upholstered fabric by the retailer or the original retail purchaser, and any such chemical treatments or protective coatings voids all warranties of ashley. leather, upholstered fabric and finishes the limited warranties on “leather”, “upholstered fabric” and “finishes and all other furniture products” do not cover (i) damages resulting from excessive soiling, improper or unapproved cleaning methods, (ii) fading or other damages resulting from exposure to sunlight, (iii) damages resulting from household humidity, or (iv) damages resulting from any liquid, including but not limited to alcohol and water. caution: any use of improper or unapproved cleaning methods voids all warranties of ashley. modifications to products these limited warranties do not apply to any products that have been altered by any person, dealer, or company without the express written authorization of ashley. implied warranties implied warranties, including any of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose imposed on the sale of this furniture and its parts under state law, are limited in duration to the warranty period and no warranties apply after that period.  some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations may not apply to you. disclaimer no other express warranty has been made or will be made on behalf of ashley with respect to the furniture and its parts, or the operation, repair, or replacement of the furniture and its parts. furthermore, no representative of ashley or its distributors or retailers is authorized to make any changes or modifications to these limited warranties. some retailers offer extended or additional warranties, including but not limited to extended or additional fabric warranties, either from the retailer or through a third-party. ashley shall not be liable under any extended or additional warranties offered by any retailer or through a third-party under any circumstances. in no event shall ashley be responsible for consequential or incidental damages, such as loss of use, inconvenience, loss or damage to personal property, whether indirect or direct, and whether arising in contract or tort even if it had reason to know in advance that such damages were possible. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the foregoing limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. in no event shall ashley’s responsibility exceed the purchase price of the product or its replacement. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights that vary from state to state. caution motion furniture (recliners, sleeper sofa, etc.) has many moving parts. caution must be used in operation (opening, closing, etc.). children should not be allowed to play on or operate motion furniture. always leave recliners in an upright and closed position and keep hands and feet clear of mechanism. only the occupant should operate it. claim procedure to obtain warranty services, the original retail purchaser must comply with the requirements of this claim procedure. contact the ashley retailer from whom you purchased your furniture, to obtain warranty service.  all claims must include the original bill of sale, the product serial number, and be filed within the applicable warranty period. ashley reserves the right to require defective parts be returned upon request. you must make arrangements with the retailer to schedule the transportation of the furniture or parts from your home to the retailer or from the retailer to your home. if the retailer from which you purchased the furniture has closed and you need service, contact ashley in writing or call our customer service. ashley warranty and retailer information ashley furniture industries, inc. attn:  consumer affairs one ashley way arcadia, wi 54612 customer service phone number: 1-800-477-2222 © december 2014, ashley furniture industries, inc.  all rights reserved. ashley-sleep warranty information download pdf version limited warranty the following limited warranty is given by ashley furniture industries, inc., to the original retail purchaser of its mattresses and foundations 7 year limited warranty ashley furniture industries, inc. ("ashley") warrants to you, the original retail purchaser, that the ashley mattress and/or ashley foundation you have purchased will (subject to the limitations and exceptions contained herein) be free from material manufacturing defects during the seven (7) years from the date of purchase. under this limited warranty, the sole liability of ashley is to repair or replace, at its option, any ashley mattress or ashley foundation found, upon examination by an authorized representative of ashley, to contain a material manufacturing defect. ashley's mattresses are designed to be used with a firm, solid-surface, non-spring foundation or an adjustable bed base foundation (see adjustable foundation owner's manual for warranty coverage.) limitations and exceptions this limited warranty does not apply to business, commercial, institutional, or other nonresidential uses. this limited warranty does not apply to (i) merchandise that was, at any time, used as a floor sample or display model, (ii) merchandise purchased "as is" or second-hand, (iii) merchandise purchased at a distress sale or a going-out-of business sale, (iv) merchandise purchased from a liquidator, or (v) merchandise obtained from a rental retailer. this limited warranty does not cover the following : fabric stains, soiling, and burns border wires, which run along the perimeter of the mattress or foundation, that are bent due to moving or bending structural damage to a mattress caused by using an improper bed frame or foundation. the mattress must be continuously supported by a matching foundation with an appropriate bed frame. an appropriate bed frame must completely support the foundation. this limited warranty applies to queen and king mattresses and foundations only if they are used on an appropriate bed frame with a rigid center support having at least 5 legs or 5 cross slats a mattress or foundation that is not defective normal body impressions less than three-quarters of one inch (3/4") in depth height of bed with mattress and foundation or bed frame fully assembled the zippered mattress cover more than two (2) years after the date of purchase comfort preference sheet fit transportation costs no warranty, express or implied , applies to any condition resulting from misuse, abuse, delivery, or transportation damage, nor any condition resulting from incorrect or inadequate maintenance, cleaning, or care. this limited warranty is null and void if merchandise has been damaged in moving from original point of delivery to you, the original retail purchaser. disclaimer any and all implied warranties, including any of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, imposed on the sale of this mattress or foundation and its parts under state law, shall not exceed in duration the term of this limited warranty. no other express warranty has been made or will be made on behalf of ashley with respect to the mattress or foundation and its parts, or the operation, repair, or replacement thereof furthermore, no representative of ashley or its distributors or retailers is authorized to make any changes or modifications to this limited warranty. some retailers offer extended or additional warranties, including but not limited to extended or additional fabric warranties, either from the retailer or through a third-party ashley shall not be liable under any extended or additional warranties offered by any retailer or through a third-party. the terms and conditions stated in this limited warranty shall be the consumer's sole and exclusive remedy in the event of a manufacturing defect during the warranty period. in no event shall ashley be responsible for direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive, exemplary, or similar damages, whether indirect or direct, and whether arising in contract or tort in no event shall ashley's responsibility be other than its sole obligation to repair or replace the product. this exclusive remedy shall not be deemed to have failed of its essential purpose so long as ashley is willing and able to repair or replace any ashley mattress or ashley foundation found, upon examination by an authorized representative of ashley, to contain a material manufacturing defect ashley does not warrant that this product is suitable for any person's medical condition. ashley makes no warranty beyond that which is contained in this limited warranty. if you use an inappropriate foundation or box spring with this mattress, such use will void this limited warranty. ashley reserves all rights to discontinue items and change product specifications without notice. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. this limited warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights that vary from state to state. remedy under this limited warranty, ashley's exclusive obligation during the applicable warranty period is to repair or replace, at its option, any ashley mattress or ashley foundation found, upon examination by an authorized representative of ashley, to contain a material manufacturing defect. if within the warranty period, identical materials are unavailable at the time of repair or replacement, ashley reserves the right to substitute materials of equal or better quality. © october 2008, ashley furniture industries, inc., arcadia, wisconsin. all rights reserved. claim procedure if a problem arises which you feel is covered by this limited warranty, contact the ashley authorized retailer from which you purchased your furniture. the original bill of sale and the law label from the defective product are necessary for the fulfillment of this limited warranty. any claim for warranty service must be accompanied by the necessary information, and provided within the warranty period, to satisfy the limited warranty requirements. ashley may require you to provide proof of the quality of the foundation used with your mattress. if necessary, the retailer will contact ashley to establish service. if the problem can be easily corrected, ashley will authorize the retailer to make those repairs. ashley reserves the right to require that defective parts be returned upon request. ashley is not responsible for scheduling or the cost of transporting the product from your home to the retailer or from the retailer to your home. you must make those arrangements with the retailer. if the retailer you purchased from has closed and you need service, contact ashley in writing or call our customer service number for instructions. ashley furniture industries, inc. warranty and retailer information one ashley way arcadia, wi 54612 (800) 477-2222 caution ashley reserves the right to refuse service and invalidate this limited warranty when, upon inspection, the ashley mattress or ashley foundation is found to be in an unsanitary condition or when product failure is due to causes other than defective workmanship or materials. please refer to the "mattress & foundation care instructions" section of this limited warranty for proper mattress and foundation care. mattress & foundation care instructions do do give your new mattress set time to "air out" upon removal from its plastic packaging. dispose of all plastic packaging as soon as possible. do carry your mattress flat on its side. it's easier to handle and you'll be less likely to damage the mattress. do keep your bedding clean. we suggest using a mattress pad or mattress protector, especially if children use the bed. do replace the old foundation when purchasing a new mattress. an old foundation may not provide sufficient support. it may appear that your new mattress is sagging when it is really the foundation, which supports the entire mattress. do use an appropriate frame and center support for queen- and king-size sets. using the right support frame will ensure that your warranty remains in effect. do allow your memory foam mattress to warm to room temperature. the memory foam is temperature sensitive and will soften when it is warm. •• the covers on some ashley mattress models are removable for washing if it is absolutely necessary. we recommend a cold temperature setting for machine washing and a cool setting for machine drying; air drying is recommended. don't don't place your mattress near open flame or expose to fire. this mattress is not flame- or fireproof, and can ignite and/ or burn if exposed to open flame or fire. when ignited, some bedding material can burn rapidly and emit smoke and hazardous gases. don't don't smoke in bed. this mattress is manufactured as required by federal law to resist, but not necessarily eliminate, ignition by smoldering cigarettes. don't let anyone stand or jump on your mattress or foundation. it was not built for that kind of weight concentration or abuse. don't allow your mattress to get wet because some of the upholstery materials may compress. protect it from water or other liquids. don't remove the law label or tag at the end of your mattress. this label serves as a means of identification to establish your right to the limited warranty. don't use dry cleaning fluid of any type on your mattress. these chemicals will damage some of the construction materials and will void the limited warranty. don't place pillow-top side of mattress on bottom. shop like an insider email sign up sign up now for the latest offers, sales and tips. financing the ashley advantage™ card offers style & value with affordable payments. learn more need help with your order?1-866-436-3393 company about us store locations careers news contact us customer support customer care shopping returns shipping & delivery faq care & cleaning warranty information glossary get inspired blog our catalog room planner hope to dream my account order status sign in forgot password ©ashley homestores, ltd., 2016. all rights reserved. offers & details* | terms & conditions | terms of use | privacy policy français you have successfully subscribed - thank you! success you are now subscribed to ashley furniture close ×