来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171230100743/https://www.ashleyfurniturehomestore.com/faq/
================================================================================

frequently asked questions of ashley homestore sign in create account store locator my orders united states australia brunei cayman island mexico netherlands panama philippines south africa united states usvi help discover savings event apply for financing menu furniture back furniture living room back living room sofas & couches loveseats sectional sofas sleeper sofas power seating futons recliners chairs ottomans coffee tables lift-top coffee tables end & side tables accent tables sofa & console tables tv stands & media storage living room sets sofa & loveseat sets small spaces custom upholstery your style. your way bedroom back bedroom beds headboards nightstands dressers mirrored dressers chest of drawers bedroom chairs benches bedding bed pillows storage bedroom sets home office back home office desks office chairs bookcases storage entryway kitchen & dining back kitchen & dining dining room tables dining sets dining room chairs bar stools benches dining room storage new! bathroom back new! bathroom vanities collections back collections porter zenfield marsilona more... tips & inspiration room packages back room packages living room sets bedroom sets dining sets sofa & loveseat sets homestore specials back homestore specials living room bedroom dining room home office kids furniture entertainment up to 30% off* furniture shop all furniture outdoor back outdoor patio furniture back patio furniture seating tables hammocks lounge chairs outdoor dining back outdoor dining dining chairs dining tables polywood patio accessories back patio accessories patio umbrellas heaters fire pits & tables pillows & cushions hammock stands furniture covers outdoor sets back outdoor sets dining sets chat sets patio sets sofa sets up to 40% off* outdoor shop all outdoor kids back kids kids furniture back kids furniture playroom furniture beds nightstands bunk beds dressers chest of drawers desks tables & chairs storage boys furniture girls furniture kids bedding back kids bedding bedding comforters quilts throw pillows lighting rugs wall decor up to 30% off* kids shop all kids home decor back home decor new! halloween new! fall decor new! holiday home decor home accents back home accents candles & candle holders canisters & jars vases & bottles sculptures baskets & boxes bowls & trays picture frames curtains & drapes storage & organization dining & entertaining back dining & entertaining dinnerware drinkware serveware blankets & throws throw pillows back throw pillows kids throw pillows wall decor back wall decor wall mirrors wall clocks wall art wall hangings canvas art framed art kids wall decor poufs tips & inspiration up to 30% off* home decor shop all decor rugs back rugs all rugs area rugs accent rugs doormats kids rugs indoor / outdoor rug pads & accessories tips & inspiration up to 30% off* rugs shop all rugs lighting back lighting table lamps floor lamps chandeliers pendants wall lighting kids lighting tips & inspiration up to 30% off* lighting shop all lighting mattresses & bedding back mattresses & bedding mattresses back mattresses the perfect 10 mattress foundations & box springs ashley-sleep mattresses sealy sealy foundations stearns & foster serta tempur-pedic tempur-pedic foundations simmons beautyrest simmons beautyrest foundations power bases tips & inspiration bedding back bedding comforter sets quilts & coverlets duvet covers blankets & throws bed pillows kids bedding kids comforters kids quilts throw pillows all bedding up to 30% off* mattresses & bedding shop all mattresses & bedding sale back sale up to 80% off* closeouts! bar stools starting at $48 sofas starting at $298 tips & inspiration today only!100 items under $100 + free shipping shop sale most popular back most popular shop by style farmhouse styles shop small spaces shop free shipping shop new arrivals best sellers travel inspired must-haves shop your ashley style #myashleyhome 4 stars & up! shop top rated tips & inspiration up to 30% off* shop all most popular blog back blog blog home furniture back furniture living room dining bedroom kids room home office accessories make + learn back make + learn diy how to health and wellness family fun back family fun crafts events entertaining back entertaining recipes seasons parties our friends search blog get inspired check out our blog read more search start typing in the below search box, then use the up and down arrows to select an option from the list search find a store my account sign in create account store locator my orders × you have successfully subscribed - test you! success you are now subscribed to ashley furniture close × up to 30% off* + 12 months special financing* today only! 100 items under $100 + free shipping up to 30% off* best sellers home faq frequently asked questions tweet more topics customer care shopping returns shipping & delivery care & cleaning warranty information glossary contact us q: can i track my in-home delivery order ? a: order tracking is now available online for some of our store locations including some of our online orders.  tracking is only available on the day of delivery.  the estimated times are our best estimates and you should still be available during your scheduled delivery windows.  if you get a message that tracking is not available in your area, please contact your fulfiller (listed on your confirmation email) to get more information on your delivery. you can find our order tracking page here. q: why isn’t my promo code working online? a: each promo code has its own set of exclusions. first, check the accompanying exclusions on your promo code to see if there are any prohibiting the discount. as a general rule, smart buys, barstools, select dining chairs and sale/clearance items are excluded in promotions. also confirm the expiration date on the promo code has not expired. click here for the latest ashley homestore coupons, sales & offers q: can i visit an ashley homestore to see the product before purchasing online? a: to find out if a store has the item you want, call or visit the homestore near you. click here for store locations. every store has a unique selection and may or may not have the item on display, please call first. q: how can i find out which store carries a specific item? a: ashley homestore retail furniture stores are independently owned and operated. please contact customer service at your local store. click here for store locator for the exact locations. q: do you offer replacement parts? a: for most products, we do offer replacement parts. call customer care at 866-436-3393, monday through friday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. (ct) & saturday, 7 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. (ct). when inquiring, please have item number and invoice number available so they can better serve you. you can find the item number on your emailed order confirmation or invoice. q: are fabric swatches available? a: visit your local ashley homestore to see fabric in more detail. since every store carries a unique selection, we recommend calling the store to see if they carry the product you would like to see. q: how do i touch up my furniture? a: most home improvement stores offer touch-up solutions in marker and “crayon” forms. all are easy to apply, simply match your furniture finish to the touch-up color, and follow the manufacturer’s instructions. q: i need assembly instructions for my furniture. where can i get them? a: using the item number from your email confirmation or from the packing list, key the item number into the search box.  once you are on the product detail page, the assembly instructions are there and you can print as needed. if the item(s) you purchased requires assembly, detailed instructions should have been included in the carton. or you may email us at ecustomercare@ashleyfurniturehomestore.com for a copy; please include the following information: your name and your email address or mailing address and the item number(s) you need to assemble. or you may fax your request to 800-856-4976 or mail it to: ashley furniture industries, inc. attn: consumer affairs one ashley way arcadia, wi 54612 you may also, call customer care at 866-436-3393. q: does ashley make custom orders? a: with more than 6000 items in our product line, we offer one of the largest selections of home furnishings available. in order to maintain high quality products at affordable prices, we choose to produce our furniture in large quantities, realizing cost savings, rather than making custom orders. you may view our online catalog at http://www.ashleyhomestore.com or find the ashley homestore nearest you. at this time, we are unable to support custom orders. however, some of our most popular items are offered in multiple sizes and colors to make it easy for you to find your style and your look. in our living room furniture selection, for example, you will see the same fabric available with different shape of sofas (traditional sofa, sectional or reclining sofa) and also, offered in different sizes but same fabric. q: can i buy an extra table leaf? a: each leaf is cut when the table is made; therefore additional leaves are not available. q: what are durapella® & duraplush™? a: durapella® and duraplush™ are high-tech fabrics that are a breakthrough in comfort. durapella® and duraplush™ consists of 100% microdenier polyester suede, which provides the subtle look and elegant feel of suede, yet improved durability and stain-resistance. everyday spills like coffee, wine and ink are cleaned easily and effectively with a mixture of low ph balance liquid soap and water. q: what is durablend®? a: durablend® upholstery offers the rich look and feel of leather using a polyurethane/leather blend to create a comfortable and economical alternative to natural leather. fabric contents: 57% polyurethane, 26% poly/cotton, 17% leather. q: what is the difference between king size and california king size beds? a: california king size is 4 inches longer and 4 inches narrower than king size. q: where can i find product dimensions? a: every product has an area featuring applicable measurements for how the item will fit in a room, or if it's an accent, how it will fit atop a table, bookcase, etc. some products have additional dimensions, located under the "dimensions" section on the product page. q: can i file a warranty claim online? a: click here to process a warranty claim. q: how do i find my serial number? a: serial numbers are between 9 and 15 digits in length and are located in the following locations: for the following categories, the label with this number is attached to your furniture either on the back of the unit or underneath the unit: bedroom furniture dining room furniture home office furniture occasional tables entertainment furniture for any upholstered furniture, the label with this number is attached to your furniture either under the removable seat cushion or underneath the unit/footrest. q: what can i do if i have moved or my homestore is no longer in business? a: chances are there’s a homestore near you.click here for the store locator. if you need to file a warranty claim with us, click here. please note: your warranty is no longer valid if you moved from the original place of delivery. q: how can i remove my name from your mailing list? a: please email us at ecomcustomercare@ashleyfurniture.com and include the full name and email address you want to have removed. q: how can i unsubscribe from your email list? a: just click “unsubscribe” located at the bottom of the email. q: how can i get an ashley homestore catalog? a: many ashley homestores carry the most up-to-date catalog. in addition, you can view the catalog online. q: can i buy factory direct? a: not at this time. but good news: many products are available for purchase online. click the shop now section on our home page to begin shopping. our products may be also be purchased from ashley homestore retail stores throughout the country. click for the store locator. q: what are usd and cad? a: usd stands for united states dollars. cad stands for canadian dollars. q: what is the relationship between ashley furniture industries and ashley homestores? a: ashley homestore is a registered trademark of ashley furniture industries, inc. find a store with our store locator. q: where can i apply for a job at ashley homestore or ashley furniture industries, inc.? a: we’re growing and always looking for professional, motivated employees. click here for ashley careers. q: do ashley homestores employ accounts receivables people who work from home or over the internet? a: no, we do not have accounts receivable employees who work from home or process payments via the internet.  ashley homestore invoices clearly state where payments are to be sent. q: does ashley homestore or ashley furniture industries charge a job application fee? a: are you looking for a great place to build your career? we are always looking for positive, hard-working team members. no application fee is required. click here for available positions. or, apply in person at any ashley homestore or ashley furniture industries manufacturing facility. q: does ashley furniture industries or ashley homestore use mass email or direct mail to solicit employment? a: we send emails, postcards and other forms of direct mail to announce employment opportunities within the companies. applications are accepted in person at any ashley homestore or afi manufacturing facility. click here for available positions. q: is ashley furniture listed on the ny stock exchange? can i buy ashley stock? a: ashley furniture industries is a privately-held, american-owned company. therefore, it is not traded publicly. q: have you received a suspicious email about ashley furniture? a: ashley furniture industries, inc. has informed the better business bureau that the "ashley furniture" name is being used on the internet by someone not associated with ashley furniture industries, inc., to perpetrate work-at-home and counterfeit check scams. between november 2007 and august 2008, the company has received almost 8,000 inquiries from consumers who have received bogus email messages from scammers pretending to represent ashley furniture industries, inc. generally, the scam email message informs consumers of a fictitious work-at-home position as an ashley furniture accounts receivable employee. consumers who responded to the scam were sent counterfeit checks by the scammers, were instructed to deposit the counterfeit checks into their personal accounts, to deduct a commission, and to wire the remainder to someone representing themselves to be an "ashley furniture representative". ashley furniture industries has posted an email scam reporting system with tips to avoid becoming a victim on its commercial website. please take a moment to review the reporting system. q: who can answer my warranty question? a: for in store purchases: if a problem should arise which you feel is covered by our limited warranties, contact the ashley retailer from whom you purchased your furniture, to obtain warranty service. all claims must include the original bill of sale, the product serial number, and be filed within the applicable warranty period. ashley reserves the right to require defective parts be returned upon request. you must make arrangements with the retailer to schedule the transportation of the furniture or parts from your home to the retailer or from the retailer to your home. if the retailer from which you purchased the furniture has closed and you need service, contact ashley in writing or call our customer care. ashley warranty and retailer information ashley furniture industries, inc. attn: consumer affairs one ashley way arcadia, wi 54612 contact us customer service phone number: 800-477-2222 for online purchases: call: 866-436-3393 monday­­–friday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. & saturday, 7 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. (ct). email: ecustomercare@ashleyfurniturehomestore.com q: i’m a tax exempt organization or reseller, how do i make a purchase without paying sales tax? a: at this time we are unable to process tax exempt orders through online sales. when you accept the terms and conditions when placing your order online you are accepting the price of the tangible personal property, delivery fees, and estimated sales tax, along with the sales tax terms and conditions. our products can be purchased tax exempt from many of our ashley homestore retail locations throughout the country. click for the store locator. q: who is the mattress recycling council? a: the mrc is a nonprofit organization that develops and oversees statewide mattress recycling programs for states that have enacted mattress recycling laws. q: what are the benefits of mattress recycling? a: approximately 15–20 million mattresses and box springs are disposed of each year in the u.s. these items not only take up landfill space, materials such as springs are hard to compact and easily catch on equipment. as a result, many communities are segregating mattresses from other solid waste and increasing management costs. over 80% of a mattress and box spring can be recycled into other useful products. learn more. in addition, recycling: • conserves resources by converting steel springs, latex foam and other materials into new products • reduces the number of illegally dumped mattresses • reduces incinerator and landfill usage q: why am i seeing a state recycling fee on my mattress purchase amount at checkout? a: several states, including connecticut, rhode island and california require retailers to collect a fee from the sale of each mattress and each box spring. this fee funds the state’s recycling program. learn more here. q: if i’m not discarding my old mattress, do i still have to pay the mattress recycling fee? a: yes. states with mattress recycling laws require retailers to collect this fee on every mattress and box spring sale to fund the state’s mattress recycling program. when you do discard your old mattress, byebyemattress.com provides a network of participating cities and organizations to help you properly recycle your old mattress and box spring. sign up now for the latest offers, sales and tips. email sign up financing the ashley advantage™ credit card offers style & value with convenient payments. learn more company about us store locations careers news contact us customer support customer care order tracking shopping returns shipping & delivery faq care & cleaning warranty information glossary get inspired blog tips & inspiration room planner hope to dream operation shut eye my account order status sign in forgot password pay my ashley advantage card ©ashley homestores, ltd., 2017. all rights reserved. 4.1.2.43 offers & details* | terms & conditions | terms of use | privacy policy français ﻿ ashley in-home delivery we'll contact you to schedule delivery assembly is always included we will place furniture in the rooms of your choice × free standard shipping delivered to your door assembly may be required excludes alaska & hawaii ×