来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180612144421/https://www.ashleyfurniturehomestore.com/faq/
================================================================================

frequently asked questions of ashley homestore | ashley furniture homestore skip to main content menu for local pricing please enter zip code stores sign in account my account order history my wish list delivery tracking help center ashley financing & leasing sign in or create an account orders 0 departments today's deals shop all deals featured deals free shipping* mattress deals shop all deals search catalog start typing, then use the up and down arrows to select an option from the list search sign in my account orders help for local pricing please enter zip code menu departments furniture back furniture browse all living room back living room furniture browse all sofas loveseats sectional sofas sleeper sofas futons power seating recliners ottomans end and side tables coffee tables tv stands and media centers storage living room sets sofa and loveseat sets coffee & end table sets accent furniture back accent furniture browse all accent chairs accent tables console tables accent cabinets benches bar carts bedroom back bedroom browse all beds headboards nightstands dressers mirrored dressers chest of drawers makeup vanities bedroom storage bedroom chairs bedroom benches bedroom sets home office back home office browse all desks office chairs bookcases office storage kitchen and dining room back kitchen and dining room browse all dining room tables dining room chairs bar stools dining benches dining storage bar furniture dining room sets entryway back entryway browse all tables benches storage bathroom furniture & decor back bathroom furniture & decor browse all bathroom vanities bathroom storage bathroom mirrors vanity lighting sets back sets living room sets dining room sets bedroom sets kids bedroom sets sofa and loveseat sets bed and mattress bundles mattress sets coffee & end table sets small spaces back small spaces browse all living room bedroom dining room large spaces back large spaces browse all bedroom dining room living room mattresses back mattresses browse all mattresses by size back mattresses by size twin twin xl full queen king california king mattresses by type back mattresses by type memory foam innerspring hybrid foundations & bed frames power bases shop all mattresses bedding accessories back bedding accessories bed pillows comforter sets quilts & coverlets duvet covers mattress protectors shop by brand back shop by brand ashley-sleep mattress in a box tempur-pedic sealy stearns & foster beautyrest serta kids back kids browse all kids furniture back kids furniture browse all beds bunk beds bedroom sets loft beds headboards nightstands dressers mirrored dressers chest of drawers desks playroom tables and chairs storage boys bedroom girls bedroom gender neutral bedroom kids bedding back kids bedding browse all comforters quilts throw pillows kids wall art back kids wall art browse all canvas art wall decals kids lighting kids rugs baby + toddler nursery furniture back nursery furniture browse all cribs crib & toddler mattresses changing tables gliders nursery storage side tables & nightstands nursery furniture collections toddler beds toddler seating baby + toddler bedding baby + toddler decor baby + toddler lighting baby + toddler rugs outdoor back outdoor browse all patio furniture back patio furniture browse all tables seating hammocks conversation sets sofa & patio sets outdoor dining back outdoor dining browse all outdoor dining tables outdoor dining chairs outdoor dining sets outdoor bar furniture patio accessories back patio accessories browse all furniture covers patio decor fire pits outdoor cushions outdoor pillows indoor outdoor rugs polywood material back material browse all resin wicker aluminum wooden teak recycled plastic all weather outdoor fabric indoor-outdoor living outdoor small spaces bedding back bedding browse all comforter sets quilts & coverlets duvet covers bed pillows duvet inserts mattress protectors sheet sets home decor back home decor browse all home accents back home accents browse all storage baskets, chests, & organization bowls and trays canisters and jars candles and candle holders picture frames sculptures decorative objects vases and bottles shop all home accents accent furniture back accent furniture browse all accent chairs accent tables end and side tables console tables accent cabinets benches bar carts wall decor back wall decor browse all wall mirrors wall art shop all wall decor dining and entertaining back dining and entertaining browse all dinnerware drinkware serveware textiles back textiles browse all blankets and throws throw pillows indoor-outdoor pillows poufs curtains and drapes clocks back clocks browse all table clocks wall clocks pet rugs back rugs browse all area rugs indoor/outdoor rugs runner rugs accent rugs round rugs doormats rug pads & accessories rugs by size back rugs by size 3' x 5' 4' x 6' 5' x 7' 5' x 8' 6' x 9' 7' x 9' 8' x 10' 8' x 11' featured back featured new arrivals rugs under $100 outlet accessories up to 60% off + free shipping* lighting back lighting browse all ceiling back ceiling chandeliers pendants lamps back lamps floor lamps table lamps desk lamps lamp sets wall lights back wall lights browse all vanity lighting shop by room back shop by room living room home office bedroom entryway dining room featured back featured new arrivals deals back deals browse all featured deals free shipping* mattress deals homestore specials back homestore specials browse all living room bedroom dining room home office kids furniture entertainment outdoor accent furniture hot buys back hot buys browse all living room bedroom dining outdoor ashley furniture outlet back ashley furniture outlet browse all outlet furniture outlet accessories shop by back shop by browse all shop by room shop by style collections by ashley homestore shop by look in 3d shop by color ashley lifestyles xo ashley blog free shipping* back free shipping* browse all living room back living room futons recliners ottomans end & side tables coffee tables coffee & end table sets console tables tv stands & media centers bedroom back bedroom beds nightstands benches headboards makeup vanities bedroom sets kitchen & dining back kitchen & dining dining tables dining chairs bar stools dining benches dining storage dining sets mattresses & bedding back mattresses & bedding mattress in a box mattress protectors bed pillows comforter sets quilts & coverlets duvet covers small spaces back small spaces living room bedroom dining room holiday decor back holiday decor browse all christmas gifts today's deals shop all deals featured deals free shipping* mattress deals new living room price cuts! dining room chairs + new low pricing! select desks with free shipping* shop benches for every room mix & match accent chairs & accent tables for any space! dining sets starting at $174.99 your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. home faq faq customer care store locations frequently asked questions shopping returns shipping and delivery ratings and reviews care and cleaning warranty information contact us my account create an account sign in order history order tracking q: can i track my in-home delivery order? a: order tracking is now available online for some of our store locations including some of our online orders. tracking is only available on the day of delivery.  the estimated times are our best estimates and you should still be available during your scheduled delivery windows.  if you get a message that tracking is not available in your area, please contact your fulfiller (listed on your confirmation email) to get more information on your delivery. track your delivery using our order tracking page. q: why isn’t my promo code working online? a: each promo code has its own set of exclusions. first, check the accompanying exclusions on your promo code to see if there are any prohibiting the discount. as a general rule, smart buys, barstools, select dining chairs and sale/clearance items are excluded in promotions. also confirm the expiration date on the promo code has not expired. view the latest ashley homestore coupons, sales & offers q: why didn’t i receive an order confirmation email? a: if you do not receive the order confirmation message within a few minutes of your purchase, please check your junk or spam e-mail folder just in case the information was delivered there instead of your inbox. if your confirmation didn’t arrive to either place, please call customer care at 866-436-3393, monday through friday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. (ct) & saturday, 7 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. (ct) or email them at ecustomercare@ashleyfurniturehomestore.com. q: what if the price changes after i make a purchase? a: if you bought something from ashleyfurniture.com within the past 30 days and it is now listed at a lower price, let us know. send your price adjustment request to via email to ecustomercare@ashleyfurniturehomestore.com. we will then review and verify the price adjustment request. ashleyfurniture.com has the final decision for matching an online price. the following limitations apply: the item must be identical, (e.g., size, model, sku, quantity, brand, name, color) you must have purchased the item from us within 30 days of the date of your price adjustment request the offer must be valid on the item that you purchased. we don’t provide price adjustments for: bundle offers, rebates, mail-in offers, offers that include financing prices that require a minimum quantity purchase items that are listed as clearance, close out, liquidation, special hour/flash/limited quantity offers damaged, used, or refurbished items price errors prices as a result of pickup discounts black friday, cyber week and any special/holiday promotions are excluded q: can i visit an ashley homestore to see the product before purchasing online? a: to find out if a store has the item you want, call or visit the homestore near you. lookup our store locations. every store has a unique selection and may or may not have the item on display, please call first. q: how can i find out which store carries a specific item? a: ashley homestore retail furniture stores are independently owned and operated. please contact customer service at your local store. use our store locator to find their locations. q: do you offer replacement parts? a: for most products, we do offer replacement parts. when contacting customer care, please have item number and invoice number available so they can better serve you. you can find the item number on your emailed order confirmation or invoice. q: are fabric swatches available? a: visit your local ashley homestore to see fabric in more detail. since every store carries a unique selection, we recommend calling the store to see if they carry the product you would like to see. q: how do i touch up my furniture? a: most home improvement stores offer touch-up solutions in marker and “crayon” forms. all are easy to apply, simply match your furniture finish to the touch-up color, and follow the manufacturer’s instructions. q: i need assembly instructions for my furniture. where can i get them? a: using the item number from your email confirmation or from the packing list, key the item number into the search box.  once you are on the product detail page, the assembly instructions are there and you can print as needed. if the item(s) you purchased requires assembly, detailed instructions should have been included in the carton. if not, you may email us at ecustomercare@ashleyfurniturehomestore.com for a copy; please include the following information: your name and your email address or mailing address and the item number(s) you need to assemble.  or you may fax your request to 800-856-4976 or mail it to: ashley furniture industries, inc. attn: consumer affairs one ashley way arcadia, wi 54612 you may also, call customer care at 866-436-3393. q: does ashley make custom orders? a: with more than 6000 items in our product line, we offer one of the largest selections of home furnishings available. in order to maintain high quality products at affordable prices, we choose to produce our furniture in large quantities, realizing cost savings, rather than making custom orders. you may view our online catalog at http://www.ashleyhomestore.com or find the ashley homestore nearest you. at this time, we are unable to support custom orders. however, some of our most popular items are offered in multiple sizes and colors to make it easy for you to find your style and your look. in our living room furniture selection, for example, you will see the same fabric available with different shape of sofas (traditional sofa, sectional or reclining sofa) and also, offered in different sizes but same fabric. q: can i buy an extra table leaf? a: each leaf is cut when the table is made; therefore additional leaves are not available. q: what are durapella® & duraplush™? a: durapella® and duraplush™ are high-tech fabrics that are a breakthrough in comfort. durapella® and duraplush™ consists of 100% microdenier polyester suede, which provides the subtle look and elegant feel of suede, yet improved durability and stain-resistance. everyday spills like coffee, wine and ink are cleaned easily and effectively with a mixture of low ph balance liquid soap and water. q: what is durablend®? a: durablend® upholstery offers the rich look and feel of leather using a polyurethane/leather blend to create a comfortable and economical alternative to natural leather. fabric contents: 57% polyurethane, 26% poly/cotton, 17% leather. q: what is the difference between king size and california king size beds? a: california king size is 4 inches longer and 4 inches narrower than king size. q: where can i find product dimensions? a: every product has an area featuring applicable measurements for how the item will fit in a room, or if it's an accent, how it will fit atop a table, bookcase, etc. some products have additional dimensions, located under the "dimensions" section on the product page. q: can i file a warranty claim online? a: yes, process a warranty claim with this link. q: how do i find my serial number? a: serial numbers are between 9 and 15 digits in length and are located in the following locations: for the following categories, the label with this number is attached to your furniture either on the back of the unit or underneath the unit: bedroom furniture dining room furniture home office furniture occasional tables entertainment furniture for any upholstered furniture, the label with this number is attached to your furniture either under the removable seat cushion or underneath the unit/footrest. q: what can i do if i have moved or my homestore is no longer in business? a: chances are there’s a homestore near you. use the store locator to find yours. you can also file a warranty claim with us. please note: your warranty is no longer valid if you moved from the original place of delivery. q: how can i remove my name from your mailing list? a: please email us at ecomcustomercare@ashleyfurnitureindustriesinc.com and include the full name and email address you want to have removed. q: how can i unsubscribe from your email list? a: just click “unsubscribe” located at the bottom of the email. q: how can i get an ashley homestore catalog? a: many ashley homestores carry the most up-to-date catalog. in addition, you can view the catalog online. q: can i buy factory direct? a: not at this time. but good news: many products are available for purchase online. click the shop now section on our home page to begin shopping. our products may be also be purchased from ashley homestore retail stores throughout the country. click for the store locator. q: what are usd and cad? a: usd stands for united states dollars. cad stands for canadian dollars. q: what is the relationship between ashley furniture industries and ashley homestores? a: ashley homestore is a registered trademark of ashley furniture industries, inc. find a store with our store locator. q: where can i apply for a job at ashley homestore or ashley furniture industries, inc.? a: we’re both growing and always looking for professional, motivated employees. learn more about careers with us. q: do ashley homestores employ accounts receivables people who work from home or over the internet? a: no, we do not have accounts receivable employees who work from home or process payments via the internet.  ashley homestore invoices clearly state where payments are to be sent. q: does ashley homestore or ashley furniture industries charge a job application fee? a: are you looking for a great place to build your career? we are always looking for positive, hard-working team members. no application fee is required. view a list of available positions or apply in person at any ashley homestore or ashley furniture industries manufacturing facility. q: does ashley furniture industries or ashley homestore use mass email or direct mail to solicit employment? a: both of us send emails, postcards, and other forms of direct mail to announce employment opportunities within the companies. applications are accepted in person at any ashley homestore or ashley furniture industries manufacturing facility. view our available positions. q: is ashley furniture listed on the ny stock exchange? can i buy ashley stock? a: ashley furniture industries is a privately-held, american-owned company. therefore, it is not traded publicly. q: have you received a suspicious email about ashley furniture? a: ashley furniture industries, inc. has informed the better business bureau that the "ashley furniture" name is being used on the internet by someone not associated with ashley furniture industries, inc., to perpetrate work-at-home and counterfeit check scams. between november 2007 and august 2008, the company has received almost 8,000 inquiries from consumers who have received bogus email messages from scammers pretending to represent ashley furniture industries, inc. generally, the scam email message informs consumers of a fictitious work-at-home position as an ashley furniture accounts receivable employee. consumers who responded to the scam were sent counterfeit checks by the scammers, were instructed to deposit the counterfeit checks into their personal accounts, to deduct a commission, and to wire the remainder to someone representing themselves to be an "ashley furniture representative". ashley furniture industries has posted an email scam reporting system with tips to avoid becoming a victim on its commercial website. please take a moment to review the reporting system. q: who can answer my warranty question? a: for in store purchases: if a problem should arise which you feel is covered by our limited warranties, contact the ashley retailer from whom you purchased your furniture, to obtain warranty service. all claims must include the original bill of sale, the product serial number, and be filed within the applicable warranty period. ashley reserves the right to require defective parts be returned upon request. you must make arrangements with the retailer to schedule the transportation of the furniture or parts from your home to the retailer or from the retailer to your home. if the retailer from which you purchased the furniture has closed and you need service, contact ashley in writing or call our customer care. ashley warranty and retailer information ashley furniture industries, inc. attn: consumer affairs one ashley way arcadia, wi 54612 contact us customer service phone number: 800-477-2222 for online purchases: call: 866-436-3393 monday­­-friday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. & saturday, 7 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. (ct). email: ecustomercare@ashleyfurniturehomestore.com q: i’m a tax exempt organization or reseller, how do i make a purchase without paying sales tax? a: at this time we are unable to process tax exempt orders through online sales. when you accept the terms and conditions when placing your order online you are accepting the price of the tangible personal property, delivery fees, and estimated sales tax, along with the sales tax terms and conditions. our products can be purchased tax exempt from many of our ashley homestore retail locations throughout the country. click for the store locator. q: who is the mattress recycling council? a: the mrc is a nonprofit organization that develops and oversees statewide mattress recycling programs for states that have enacted mattress recycling laws. q: what are the benefits of mattress recycling? a: approximately 15–20 million mattresses and box springs are disposed of each year in the u.s. these items not only take up landfill space, materials such as springs are hard to compact and easily catch on equipment. as a result, many communities are segregating mattresses from other solid waste and increasing management costs. over 80% of a mattress and box spring can be recycled into other useful products. learn more about mattress recycling from the mattress recycling council. recycling: conserves resources by converting steel springs, latex foam and other materials into new products reduces the number of illegally dumped mattresses reduces incinerator and landfill usage q: why am i seeing a state recycling fee on my mattress purchase amount at checkout? a: several states, including connecticut, rhode island and california require retailers to collect a fee from the sale of each mattress and each box spring. this fee funds the state’s recycling program. learn more from bye bye mattress . q: if i’m not discarding my old mattress, do i still have to pay the mattress recycling fee? a: yes. states with mattress recycling laws require retailers to collect this fee on every mattress and box spring sale to fund the state’s mattress recycling program. when you do discard your old mattress, byebyemattress.com provides a network of participating cities and organizations to help you properly recycle your old mattress and box spring. thank you for signing up! mobile apps get to know us about ashley homestore our history about ashley furniture industries careers news social responsibility store locations trade program customer care help center contact us apply for financing returns accessibility consumer notifications faq price match child safety warranty information product care & cleaning furniture protection plan get inspired blog home ideas 3d room design hope to dream refer a friend terms & policies offers & details* terms & conditions terms of use privacy policy interest-based ads united states © ashley home stores, ltd., 2019. all rights reserved terms & policies offers & details* terms & conditions terms of use privacy policy interest-based ads https://www.ashleyfurniture.com/cart/ 0a325cdae4de3fa51d13bde7fc 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 usd