来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180612144421/https://www.ashleyfurniturehomestore.com/shopping/
================================================================================

shopping | ashley furniture homestore skip to main content save up to 25% + an extra 10% off* with code: jollydeal offers exclusions & details deal of the day! shop today's deal before it sells out! offers exclusions & details the holidays are here! shop all holiday décor & gifts! offers exclusions & details menu for local pricing please enter zip code stores sign in account my account order history my wish list delivery tracking help center ashley financing & leasing sign in or create an account orders 0 departments today's deals shop all deals featured deals free shipping* mattress deals shop all deals search catalog start typing, then use the up and down arrows to select an option from the list search save up to 25% + an extra 10% off* with code: jollydeal deal of the day! shop today's deal before it sells out! the holidays are here! shop all holiday décor & gifts! sign in my account orders help for local pricing please enter zip code menu departments furniture back furniture browse all living room back living room furniture browse all sofas loveseats sectional sofas sleeper sofas futons power seating recliners ottomans end and side tables coffee tables tv stands and media centers storage living room sets sofa and loveseat sets coffee & end table sets accent furniture back accent furniture browse all accent chairs accent tables console tables accent cabinets benches bar carts bedroom back bedroom browse all beds headboards nightstands dressers mirrored dressers chest of drawers makeup vanities bedroom storage bedroom chairs bedroom benches bedroom sets home office back home office browse all desks office chairs bookcases office storage kitchen and dining room back kitchen and dining room browse all dining room tables dining room chairs bar stools dining benches dining storage bar furniture dining room sets entryway back entryway browse all tables benches storage bathroom furniture & decor back bathroom furniture & decor browse all bathroom vanities bathroom storage bathroom mirrors vanity lighting sets back sets living room sets dining room sets bedroom sets kids bedroom sets sofa and loveseat sets bed and mattress bundles mattress sets coffee & end table sets small spaces back small spaces browse all living room bedroom dining room large spaces back large spaces browse all bedroom dining room living room mattresses back mattresses browse all mattresses by size back mattresses by size twin twin xl full queen king california king mattresses by type back mattresses by type memory foam innerspring hybrid foundations & bed frames power bases shop all mattresses bedding accessories back bedding accessories bed pillows comforter sets quilts & coverlets duvet covers mattress protectors shop by brand back shop by brand ashley-sleep mattress in a box tempur-pedic sealy stearns & foster beautyrest serta baby + kids back baby + kids browse all kids furniture back kids furniture browse all beds bunk beds bedroom sets loft beds headboards nightstands dressers mirrored dressers chest of drawers desks playroom tables and chairs storage boys bedroom girls bedroom gender neutral bedroom kids bedding back kids bedding browse all comforters quilts throw pillows kids wall art back kids wall art browse all canvas art wall decals kids lighting kids rugs baby + toddler nursery furniture back nursery furniture browse all cribs crib & toddler mattresses changing tables gliders nursery storage side tables & nightstands nursery furniture collections toddler beds toddler seating baby + toddler bedding baby + toddler decor baby + toddler lighting baby + toddler rugs outdoor back outdoor browse all patio furniture back patio furniture browse all tables seating hammocks conversation sets sofa & patio sets outdoor dining back outdoor dining browse all outdoor dining tables outdoor dining chairs outdoor dining sets outdoor bar furniture patio accessories back patio accessories browse all furniture covers patio decor fire pits outdoor cushions outdoor pillows indoor outdoor rugs polywood material back material browse all resin wicker aluminum wooden teak recycled plastic all weather outdoor fabric indoor-outdoor living outdoor small spaces bedding back bedding browse all comforter sets quilts & coverlets duvet covers bed pillows duvet inserts mattress protectors sheet sets home decor back home decor browse all home accents back home accents browse all storage baskets, chests, & organization bowls and trays canisters and jars candles and candle holders picture frames sculptures decorative objects vases and bottles shop all home accents accent furniture back accent furniture browse all accent chairs accent tables end and side tables console tables accent cabinets benches bar carts wall decor back wall decor browse all wall mirrors wall art shop all wall decor dining and entertaining back dining and entertaining browse all dinnerware drinkware serveware textiles back textiles browse all blankets and throws throw pillows indoor-outdoor pillows poufs curtains and drapes clocks back clocks browse all table clocks wall clocks pet rugs back rugs browse all area rugs indoor/outdoor rugs runner rugs accent rugs round rugs doormats rug pads & accessories rugs by size back rugs by size 3' x 5' 4' x 6' 5' x 7' 5' x 8' 6' x 9' 7' x 9' 8' x 10' 8' x 11' featured back featured new arrivals rugs under $100 outlet accessories up to 60% off + free shipping* lighting back lighting browse all ceiling back ceiling chandeliers pendants lamps back lamps floor lamps table lamps desk lamps lamp sets wall lights back wall lights browse all vanity lighting shop by room back shop by room living room home office bedroom entryway dining room featured back featured new arrivals deals back deals browse all featured deals free shipping* mattress deals homestore specials back homestore specials browse all living room bedroom dining room home office kids furniture entertainment outdoor accent furniture hot buys back hot buys browse all living room bedroom dining outdoor ashley furniture outlet back ashley furniture outlet browse all outlet furniture outlet accessories shop by back shop by browse all shop by room shop by style collections by ashley homestore shop by look in 3d shop by color ashley lifestyles xo ashley blog free shipping* back free shipping* browse all living room back living room futons recliners ottomans end & side tables coffee tables coffee & end table sets console tables tv stands & media centers bedroom back bedroom beds nightstands benches headboards makeup vanities bedroom sets kitchen & dining back kitchen & dining dining tables dining chairs bar stools dining benches dining storage dining sets mattresses & bedding back mattresses & bedding mattress in a box mattress protectors bed pillows comforter sets quilts & coverlets duvet covers small spaces back small spaces living room bedroom dining room holiday decor back holiday decor browse all christmas gifts today's deals shop all deals featured deals free shipping* mattress deals new living room price cuts! dining room chairs + new low pricing! select desks with free shipping* shop benches for every room mix & match accent chairs & accent tables for any space! dining sets starting at $174.99 your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. home shopping shopping customer care store locations frequently asked questions shopping returns shipping and delivery ratings and reviews care and cleaning warranty information contact us my account create an account sign in order history order tracking q: do you price match? a: if you find a lower price from an online retailer on an identical, in-stock product, tell us and we’ll match it. the following limitations apply: the item must be identical, (e.g., size, model, sku, quantity, brand, name, color) the item must be in-stock at the online retailer’s website and on ashleyfurniture.com at the time of the price match request we will not price match purchases for resale. we will not offer rain checks for items that are not currently in stock the item must be sold and fulfilled by one of these online retailers: amazon.com wayfair.com overstock.com target.com hayneedle.com walmart.com we don’t match: discounts applied in checkout offers advertised as percentage off or dollar off (e.g., “15% off” or “$5 off”) auction prices or those requiring memberships prices that cannot be determined independent of other items (e.g., fees and shipping charges) bundle offers, rebates, coupons, mail-in offers, offers that include financing prices that require a minimum quantity purchase items that other retailers have listed as clearance, close out, liquidation, special hour/flash/limited quantity offers damaged, used, or refurbished items price errors in-store purchases (please call the store purchased from for price match policy) prices as a result of pickup discounts price matches to other retailers for prices shown from thanksgiving day through cyber week are at our discretion and can be limited in quantity during this timeframe here’s how you can request a price match from ashleyfurniture.com: send your price match request to ashleyfurniture.com via email to ecustomercare@ashleyfurniturehomestore.com. provide us with a live link to the other online retailer’s website that shows the lower price that you want ashleyfurniture.com to price match. we will then review and verify the price match request. credit adjustments for price matching are reviewed and approved by customer service. credit adjustments will be processed after your item(s) are delivered and after the final total has been charged to the method of payment used on your order. ashleyfurniture.com has the final decision for matching an online price. additionally, if you find an issue, we will also send you a promo code for 10% off your next purchase with us for finding the issue. some exclusions do apply. q: why do online prices and promotions differ from those at my local ashley homestore? a: prices, styles, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. q: can i order by telephone? a: at this time, we cannot take orders over the phone. you may order on ashleyfurniture.com or from a homestore near you. q: what forms of payment are accepted? a: we accept visa®, mastercard®, american express® and discover® cards. only one credit card will be accepted per order as we are unable to process an order on two separate credit cards. we also offer the ashley advantage™ credit card issued by synchrony financial. click here to learn more. q: can i use my ashley advantage™ card to pay for online purchases? a: you can pay for online purchases using an ashley advantage™ credit card issued by synchrony financial. apply for credit here. if you already have an ashley advantage™ card through synchrony, you can use it online. we are unable to accept homestore cards issued by other financial providers. q: when is my credit card charged for an online purchase? a: for standard shipping, your credit card will be charged on the date the order ships. for home delivery purchases, the credit card is charged on the day your order is delivered or the next business day. q: what is a pre-authorization charge? a: a pre-authorization is a type of pending bank hold used to check an account for validity or approve funding for a purchase you attempt to make. a merchant may pre-authorize an amount before you make a purchase (such as ashleyfurniture.com order), then submit a final charge later (such as when your ashleyfurniture.com order ships to you). that final charge amount is often different from the merchant's pre-authorized amount. another type of pre-authorization charge is for a purchase that was approved but won't be posted to your account until later. keep in mind, a charge may be pending for a few days, which essentially holds the pending funds for the intended purchase but does not charge them permanently. once the permanent charge is posted, the pre-authorization charge will "fall off" your account. (timeframe depends on your financial institution). contact your financial institution if this does not occur. q: why am i seeing multiple pending charges? a: 1: you will see a temporary authorization against your debit or credit card per order confirmation number. we will request an authorization, void and reauthorize a temporary hold every six days until final delivery of your order. once the item is delivered, the authorization hold is removed and your order total will post to your debit or credit card account. 2: if “submit” is clicked more than once or if an address is entered incorrectly, then there is a possibility that multiple pre-authorizations will be sent. only one pre-authorization will be charged to your account upon delivery of your order. the remaining pre-authorizations will drop off in accordance with your financial institution’s withholding periods. ashleyhomestore.com is not responsible for these pending authorizations. q: what is the cvn or credit card verification number? a: this number printed on your card provides a security feature for purchases made using your credit card. for visa, mastercard and discover card, it is the last three digits printed on the back of the card. for american express, it is the four digits printed above the account number on the front of the card. it generally appears to the right of your credit card number. q: what internet browser do i need to shop online? a: if you are using an older browser to navigate our site, your online shopping experience may not go smoothly. to help resolve difficulties while shopping or ordering, download the current version of any of the following recommended browser websites. updating your browser with the latest version enhances website speed and functionality, as well as increases security and virus protection. google chrome v54  (preferred browser) apple safari v10 microsoft internet explorer 11+ mozilla firefox v50 q: what is ashley homestore’s privacy policy? a: review our privacy policy. q: can i finance my online order? a: yes. apply for an ashley advantage™ credit card. q: do you have financing plans? a: yes. read details about our current financing promotions. q: can i pay my bill online? a: yes. pay your ashley advantage™ credit card bill issued by synchrony financial here. q: do you offer layaway? a: we do not have an online layaway, however, your local homestore may offer this service. locate a store. q: how do i know you’ve received my order? a: you will receive an email with your order confirmation(s) after your order has been placed. please review this email and contact customer care at 866-434-3393if anything requires correction. q: how do i check the status of my online order? a: your order is ready for online status-tracking shortly (15 minutes approx.) after it is placed! if you have created an ashley homestore account when placing the order, go online and log into my account, then click on order history. guest order tracking is also available on line; navigate your mouse to my account at the top of the page, click order status, and then enter in your confirmation number, your email and your billing zip, under the area of unregistered customer order status. (to find your confirmation number check the email we sent you when your order was placed on line.) if you checked out as a guest, please call customer care at 866-436-3393, monday through friday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. (ct) & saturday, 7 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. (ct) and we will be happy to assist. have your confirmation number, email, and billing zip code to use this service (confirmation number is located within your emailed order confirmation.) q: can i make changes or cancel my online order? a: as soon as your order is placed, our fulfillment process goes into motion. to change or cancel an order, please follow the steps listed below. the sooner we receive a request, the faster we can revise your order. standard shipping - please call customer care at 866-436-3393for assistance. they will locate your order and see if it can be revised or cancelled. if the product has already shipped, you may return it under our return policy. home delivery –to change or cancel an order, call customer care at 866-436-3393. they will determine where your order is in the process and whether it can be revised or cancelled. if you call at least 48 hours before the scheduled delivery time, we will refund the purchase amount, including delivery fees, as described under our return policy. if you contact us less than 48 hours prior to the delivery date, we will refund the amount of the order less the delivery fees. q: my order was cancelled, but the charge is still showing on my credit card account. what happened? a: these "charges" that are appearing on your card account are actually pre-authorization holds. they are not charges; however, your card company may be temporarily holding those funds. please contact your credit card company to release any pending holds as ashley homestore has no control over the grace period for releasing authorized funds, particularly debit card funds. q: can i change my address after an order is placed? a: to make an address change to your order, please contact customer care (866-436-3393). for standard shipped orders, please call as soon as possible as our orders do ship quickly. we can accept address changes on most orders, however, ashley advantage orders financed through synchrony® and paypal® require cancelling order and re-processing. q: how do i know if my items are available immediately? a: after you place items in the shopping cart and provide a zip code for delivery, product availability will appear along with an estimated shipping or delivery time period. q: how do i order a gift? a: gift wrap and gift enclosures are unavailable at this time. however, you can send your purchase to an address other than your own. at checkout, you will be given the option of entering a billing address and a delivery address. shipping and delivery email notifications will be sent to both the billing and delivery email addresses. order confirmation and invoice notifications will be sent only to the billing email address(s). q: do you sell gift cards? a: unfortunately, egift cards are not available at this time. many ashley homestores are individually owned and operated. please contact your nearest homestore to see if they carry and/or accept gift cards. gift cards are only redeemed in store and cannot be applied toward online purchases. locate a store. q: how do i update my online account information? a: click on my account located in the upper right hand corner of this page. click on the sign in button displayed in the drop down menu. enter your account email and password and click the sign in button. now that you are signed into your account, click on account info located under the manage account menu located on the left side of the page. under the general tab, by clicking on edit, you will be able to edit your name, email, password, and default shipping and billing addresses you may have saved within your account. under the settings tab, you will be able to manage your opt in/out email settings associated to your account. other options under the manage account menu include viewing your order history, viewing and modifying your address book, help & support, and managing your wish lists. q: do i have to set up an account to make an online purchase? a: guest checkout is available, so it is not necessary for you to set up an account. it is highly recommended that you create an account to make checkout, order tracking and warranty service easier in the future. q: why may prices online vary from the price at my local store? a: ashley homestores are independently owned and operated and each location is free to set their own prices. q: are all ashley homestore products available online? a: we showcase an incredible assortment of furniture, mattresses and decorative accessories on our website; those available for purchase will vary. our online assortment is continuously expanding, check back regularly for new items that are being added daily. in addition, unique items continue to arrive at your ashley homestore. locate a store. q: can i order catalog products online? a: not all catalog items are available to purchase online. to check availability online, find the item number that corresponds to the catalog product. enter the number in the search box at the top of any page. next, click the check price button, if the item is available for purchasing online, simply add it to your cart. if it is only available in-store, you can visit or contact a store about product availability. click here for store locator. thank you for signing up! mobile apps get to know us about ashley homestore our history about ashley furniture industries careers news social responsibility store locations trade program customer care help center contact us apply for financing returns accessibility consumer notifications faq price match child safety warranty information product care & cleaning furniture protection plan get inspired blog home ideas 3d room design hope to dream refer a friend terms & policies offers & details* terms & conditions terms of use privacy policy interest-based ads united states © ashley home stores, ltd., 2019. all rights reserved terms & policies offers & details* terms & conditions terms of use privacy policy interest-based ads