来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230213756/http://www.academy.com/shop/store/customer-service
================================================================================

academy - customer service skip to main content skip to main navigation xx | sign out sign in register order status order status customer service 1-888-922-2336 find astore view ourweekly ad shop by department holiday gift guide gift cards apparel men's apparel shirts shorts pants headwear jeans outerwear see all women's apparel shirts shorts pants headwear sports bras outerwear see all infant and toddler apparel young men's apparel shirts shorts pants headwear jeans outerwear see all juniors' apparel shirts shorts pants dresses + skirts sports bras outerwear see all watches boys' apparel shirts shorts pants headwear outerwear compression see all girls' apparel shirts shorts pants sports bras outerwear headwear see all sunglasses shop by activity hunting apparel running apparel fishing apparel ski apparel dancewear work apparel tactical apparel hiking yoga + studio school uniforms golf apparel swim shops camo shop hoodies shop outerwear shop graphic tees shop hat shop clearance swimwear shop by brand: nike adidas under armour bcg magellan carhartt columbia o'rageous levi's boating + marine boats + kayaks kayaks + paddle boards canoes pedal boats + inflatable rafts paddles + oars kayak accessories flat bottom jon boats trailer accessories bearings + hubs trailer lighting + wiring hitch balls + ball mounts transom savers + tiedowns trolling motors bow mount motors transom mount motors trolling motor accessories outboard motors outboard motors outboard motor covers fuel tanks, lubricants + additives outboard accessories boating essentials life vests + jackets boat lighting boat seats boat safety marine batteries + chargers boat + dock ladders boat accessories boat covers + accessories livewells, bilge pumps + hatches drain plugs anchors + docking accessories boating electronics fishfinders stereos + audio vhf + cb radios antennas related categories sunglasses fishing coolers shop by brand: minn kota motorguide pelican attwood power-pole marine raider optronics camping + outdoors camping gear tents + screen houses sleeping bags airbeds + sleeping pads cots lighting + flashlights folding chairs backpacks camp essentials beverage containers canopies batteries + chargers outdoor cooking camp stoves + accessories knives + tools camp cookware utensils + tableware food coolers rain gear umbrellas rainwear rubber boots waterproof bags + containers on the go travel + luggage stretch cords + straps automotive exterior automotive interior towing + preformance travel accessories atv accessories hiking technical tents frame packs hydration survival + navigation safety + health maps + compasses personal defense fire starters water purification first aid kits sanitation + portipotties pest control outdoor safety + survival camping checklist shop by brand: coleman magellan outdoors timber creek igloo maglite outdoor gourmet reese electronics navigation auto gps handheld gps gps accessories mapping software marine electronics fishfinders stereos + audio vhf + cb radios antennas personal electronics iphone + ipod accessories earbuds audio accessories fitness electronics stopwatches + timers range finders radar detectors metal detectors weather stations + instruments two-way radios cameras shop by brand: motorola midland cobra humminbird lowrance garmin gopro sony dual fan shop ncaa alabama crimson tide arkansas razorbacks baylor bears florida state seminoles georgia bulldogs kentucky wildcats lsu tigers mississippi state bulldogs north carolina tar heels oklahoma sooners tcu horned frogs tennessee volunteers texas a&m aggies texas longhorns see all nfl atlanta falcons carolina panthers dallas cowboys houston texans jacksonville jaguars kansas city chiefs new orleans saints st. louis rams tennessee titans see all mls nhl international soccer pro team accessories ncaa accessories mlb atlanta braves houston astros kansas city royals los angeles dodgers st. louis cardinals texas rangers see all tailgating grills coolers folding chairs bean bag & washer toss see all nba atlanta hawks charlotte hornets dallas mavericks houston rockets los angeles lakers memphis grizzlies new orleans pelicans oklahoma thunder san antonio spurs see all shop by brand: adidas colosseum athletics forty seven majestic new era nike top of the world fishing reels baitcast spinning spincast see all rods baitcast spinning see all rod + reel combos baitcast spinning spincast baits + lures hard baits soft baits wire baits jigs and spoons bluewater baits terminal tackle hooks weights fishing line floats jigheads see all fishing tools pliers + hook removers grippers, rulers + scales fillet knives and fishing processing fishing nets gaffs + gigs aerators + bait keppers see all fishing essentials rod and reel care tackle storage fishfinders + navigation fly fishing bass fishing crappie fishing related categories fishing apparel sunglasses coolers waders + accessories kayaks + paddle boards canoes flat bottom jon boats shop by brand: all star abu garcia berkley daiwa rapala penn shakespeare shimano zoom fitness cardio fitness treadmills exercise bikes ellipticals steppers scales cycling heart rate monitors running watches men's watches women's watches boy's watches girls' watches heart rate monitors strength training gym machines strength machines weights + dumbells weight benches plates + racks kettlebells medicine balls mats see all toning cross training balance + stability core training exercise balls speed + jump ropes resistance bands + cords step equipment see all boxing + mma heavy + speed bags boxing gloves + accessories speed + jump ropes gloves and wraps protective gear training equipment wearable technology yoga and pilates aqua training nutrition + supplements personal electronics scales sports medicine sunglasses fitness apparel training shoes duffel bags + sackpacks running shoes as seen on tv shop by brand: cap gaiam nike century everlast impex bcg marcy footwear men's footwear running training boots cleats casual sandals lifestyle boat + deck see all cleats football soccer baseball softball lacrosse slides women's footwear running training casual sandals lifestyle boots cheerleading see all shop by activity work running walking golf hiking track + field basketball boys' footwear running lifestyle casual cleats sandals boots see all infant + toddler footwear lifestyle crib + soft bottom sandals girls' footwear running lifestyle casual sandals cheerleading boots see all related categories socks laces insoles shoe care shops running shop work boots shop hiking shop shop by brand: nike under armour adidas crocs reebok asics new balance bcg wolverine golf golf clubs sets drivers woods irons putters utility + hybrid wedges juniors' clubs women's clubs see all golf carts and bags cart bags stand bags push and pull carts travel bags and covers see all golf electronics range finders watches see all golf balls golf accessories club head covers training aids tees gloves other accessories towels umbrellas cleaning and repair see all golf apparel men's apparel women's apparel hats golf belts see all golf footwear men's golf shoes women's golf shoes juniors' golf shoes shoe bags shoe spikes golf socks shop by brand: taylormade callaway titleist cleveland golf odyssey nike adams golf under armour adidas hunting archery compound bows crossbows traditional bows arrows, bolts & accessories archery accessories broadheads & points bowfishing optics scopes tactical optics nightvision binoculars rangefinders spotting scopes knives & tools knives & blades multi-tools saws, axes & shovels sharpeners kitchen cutlery hunting & camo apparel hunting shirts & t-shirts hunting pants hunting vests hunting gloves hunting jackets & gloves hunting bibs & coveralls game cameras & accessories game cameras game camera accessories decoys & bags big game decoys duck decoys dove decoys turkey decoys goose decoys predator decoy bags decoy accessories treestands & blinds blinds climbing stands and chain ons ladders & tripods tower & box blinds safety restraints & harnesses wildlife feed & feeders deer feeders feeder motors feeder accessories feed & food plots attractants hunting accessories hunting bags & packs stools & chairs ammo cases & shell holders slings traps after the shot game & food processing game calls hunting boots scents & scent eliminators waders taxidermy outdoor maps, books & dvd's dog supplies outdoor living grills + outdoor cooking grills fryers smokers utensils grill accessories marinades, spices + seasonings see all backyard living patio furniture benches + rockers loungers + chaises swings + gliders hammocks + stands umbrellas + stands pillows + cushions outdoor accessories firepits + heaters canopies + ez-ups chairs + folding tables backyard fun pools + accessories playsets trampolines backyard games bounce houses + waterparks related categories food processing coolers insect control flags sunscreen shop by brand: outdoor gourmet char-broil weber kingsford old country bbq pits brinkmann timber creek mosaic lem recreation + leisure biking bicycles cruiser bikes mountain biking kid bikes bike helmets + pads hydration packs accessories + safety cycling apparel see all scooters, skates, + skateboards scooters skateboarding skating wheels + bearings protective gear pads helmets water sports towables + ski tubes inflatables, tubes, + floats water skis wakeboards kneeboards snorkeling + diving swimming life vests see all indoor fun table tennis darts + dartboards billiards + accessories poker, cards, + dominoes game tables pools + water toys pools pool accessories water games pools + beach toys sunscreen pool floats see all backyard fun play sets trampolines bounce houses + water parks backyard games badminton toys airsoft + slingshots airsoft bbs airsoft guns slingshots accessories see all paintball markers hoppers paintballs tanks accessories protective gear see all shop by brand: huffy bell camelbak mongoose ozone 500 pacific schwinn intex swimways shooting firearms pistols revolvers rifles shotguns black powder guns ammunition centerfire pistol centerfire rifle rimfire shotshells reloading black powder ammo reloading brass bullets reloading equipment optics scopes tactical optics nightvision red dots & lasers binoculars rangefinders spotting scopes gun storage & safety gun & personal safes cabinets & racks gun cases firearm components magazines & clips stocks, grips & accessories scope accessories barrels & chokes shooting gear & accessories holsters & belts shooting targets hearing protection & enhancements eye protection shooting sticks & bipods black powder gun cleaning & maintenance personal defense recreational shooting tactical gear team sports baseball baseball bats baseball helmets baseball cleats baseball apparel baseball gloves baseball training aids baseball accessories see all basketball basketball hoops footwear basketballs apparel accessories see all football helmets gloves cleats apparel footballs pads + protection training aids chin straps see all softball softball bats softball cleats softball gloves softball helmets softball apparel soccer balls shin guards apparel cleats goals bags see all lacrosse apparel cleats protective wear sticks heads shafts accessories see all more sports gymnastics volleyball cheerleading hockey wrestling racquetball + squash swimming sports bags sports training sports medicine running tennis racquets + grips apparel headbands + wristbands bags balls see all shop by brand: adidas nike brava wilson easton louisville slugger under armour nike puma clearance hot deals all search all apparel footwear team sports recreation & leisure fitness fan shop golf hunting fishing boating & marine camping & outdoors patio & bbq electronics clearance your shopping cart is empty. home customer service customer service quick links forgot password rebates order status gift card balance what can we help you with? ordering returns shipping privacy terms and conditions order status when will my order arrive? most items may be shipped to the 48 contiguous united states via standard ground service. you can expect your order to arrive within 3-5 business days. business days are monday-friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. please refer to the estimated shipping times listed on the shipping information page for each shipping method that we offer.if you placed an order and are looking for an update on the status of your order, you can click the order status link for detailed information. what does my order status mean? please refer to the explanations below if you have questions on the meaning of your order status online. submitted: your order has been processed and received by academy. you will receive a shipment confirmation email when your order has been shipped. shipped: your order has left our distribution center and is in transit to your desired shipping address. partially shipped: some of the items in your order have been shipped separately; please click the order number for full details on your order. delivered: your order has been delivered. partially delivered: some of the items in your order have been delivered. please click the order number for full details on your order. returned: your order has been received and processed at our returns facility and a credit will appear on your next credit card billing statement. please contact customer service with any questions. partially returned: some of the items in your order have been received and processed at our returns facility and a credit will appear on your next credit card billing statement. please contact customer service with any questions. canceled: your order has been canceled; please refer to your email cancellation notice for details on your order cancellation. please contact customer service with any questions. partially canceled: some of the items in your order have been canceled; please click the order number for full details on your order. please contact customer service with any questions. paypal about paypal paypal enables buyers and businesses to send and receive money online. to learn more about paypal, go to www.paypal.com. sign up if you are new to paypal: go to paypal.com and create your new account. set up: follow the prompts to link your credit, debit cards and bank account to your paypal account. using paypal to make a purchase we accept paypal for online purchases; however, due to the security features of your personal paypal account, academy sports customer service agents will be unable to place your online order for you. to make a purchase using paypal, open your shopping cart and click the check out with paypal button (example pictured below). when you make a purchase using paypal, you are momentarily connected to the paypal web site during checkout. once you complete your transaction at the paypal web site, you will automatically be returned to the checkout screen on academy.com to complete your order. you must complete the order process on academy.com once you have finished the paypal transaction. if you reach the regular checkout process, you can still use paypal to complete your transaction. simply select the pay with paypal option when choosing your payment method (see the example pictured below). when to contact academy sports + outdoors vs. paypal with a question contact academy sports + outdoors if your question pertains to merchandise inquiries, shipping time frames, order status or returns/exchanges. contact paypal if your question is about paypal.com, opening a paypal account, paypal.com password reset or retrieval, paypal funding options, denied or failed paypal payments, transaction status or any other payment related question regarding your paypal account. academy sports + outdoors does not have access to your paypal account. examples of when to contact academy sports + outdoors and not paypal include the following: i made my payment, but i haven't received my order. i did not receive part of my order. part of my order was defective. i received my shoes, shirt, etc. but they are the wrong size, color. the shoes, shirt, etc. do not fit me and i want a refund. examples of when to contact paypal and not academy sports + outdoors include the following: the academy sports + outdoors charge within my paypal account is inaccurate. i got an academy sports + outdoors charge in my paypal account, but i never authorized it. i wanted to pay with paypal, but for some reason, i could not use my paypal account. i was charged twice for an academy sports + outdoors order within my paypal account. i received a refund from academy sports + outdoors, but the refund is not showing up in my paypal account. my credit card within my paypal account expired, and i need to change cards and/or an expiration date. i want to add another credit card to my paypal account. i want to confirm or change my street address within my paypal account. i want to add a bank account to my paypal account. i forgot my paypal password to access my account. it is not clear to me whether my payment for the academy sports + outdoors order was completed. i received an email from paypal customer service to contact them. i received an email saying i need to log into my paypal account via a link that paypal sent me. my paypal account is blocked and i do not understand why. i would like to verify charges or obtain information about why my account is blocked. other payment related questions (i.e., i wanted to have my credit card charged and not my bank account within my paypal account). general returns policy returns and exchanges: academy sports + outdoors (“academy”) wants all customers to be fully satisfied with their purchases, and our returns policy reflects this commitment. our commitment to fast and easy returns at an academy store.you can return merchandise purchased at an academy store or at academy.com to any academy store for refund or exchange as follows: purchase at store and return to store with a receipt: if you purchased merchandise from one of our stores and have a receipt, academy will give you a refund of the purchase price or an exchange of the merchandise. purchase at store and return to store without a receipt: if you purchased merchandise from one of our stores and do not have a receipt, academy will give you a merchandise credit equal to the current price of the merchandise in the store, or an exchange of the merchandise. purchase at academy.com and return to store with a packing slip: if you purchased merchandise from academy.com, your packing slip is your receipt. with your packing slip, academy will give you a refund of the purchase price, less any applicable shipping or other online charges (unless you are eligible to receive a refund of such charges), or an exchange of the merchandise. purchase at academy.com and return to store without a packing slip: if you purchased merchandise at academy.com, your packing slip is your receipt, and you can get a copy of your packing slip at academy.com. if you do not have a packing slip, academy will give you a merchandise credit equal to the current price of the merchandise in the store, less any shipping or other online charges (unless you are eligible to receive a refund of such charges), or an exchange of the merchandise. our commitment to keeping prices low. academy strives to keep its prices low by reducing fraud and abuse in the returns process: returned merchandise must be resalable: except if there is a product defect or other performance issue, returned merchandise must be resalable (no material or visible wear or usage), in original packaging, and with all paperwork, parts, and accessories. returns to a store without a receipt or packing slip require identification: academy requires valid government identification for all returns without a receipt or packing slip. academy issues refunds based on the original payment tender: all refunds issued by academy for returned merchandise will match the original payment tender, so that customers will receive cash refunds for cash and debit card purchases, credit to the appropriate card for credit card purchases, and merchandise credit for gift card purchases. price adjustments will be issued up to fourteen (14) days after original purchase date: if you purchased an item at regular price and academy reduces the price on that item within fourteen (14) days of the original purchase date, you may be eligible for a price adjustment. you must have a valid, original receipt or packing slip. merchandise purchased on clearance, with $.88 endings, or with an associate discount is not eligible for price adjustments. our commitment to our manufacturers and suppliers. while academy is committed to fast and easy returns, sometimes manufacturers, suppliers, and government entities require different return policies: firearms: with the exception of yildiz or other academy private label brands, all firearm sales are final, and customers must return any damaged or defective firearms to the manufacturer for warranty repair. customers may return or exchange any damaged or defective yildiz or other private label brands. ammunition: with the exception of monarch or other academy private label brands, all ammunition sales are final, and academy cannot accept any returns or exchanges. customers may return or exchange any damaged or defective monarch or other private label brands. bows & cross-bows: all bow and cross-bow sales are final, and customers must return any damaged or defective bows or cross-bows to the manufacturer for warranty repair. electronic devices, software and electronic media: if you purchased a packaged electronic device, software, or electronic media and have not opened the package, you may return it for a refund of the purchase price or exchange the merchandise. if you have opened the package and found damage or a defect, you may exchange the electronic device, software or electronic media for the same merchandise only. boats, motors, and trailers: if you purchased a boat, motor, or trailer and have not removed the original packaging or used the merchandise, you may return the item to academy for a refund or exchange. if you have removed the original packaging or used the item and found damage or a defect, you must return it to the manufacturer for warranty repair. generators: all generator sales are final, and customers must return any damaged or defective generators to the manufacturer for warranty repair. gift cards: customers cannot redeem academy gift cards for cash unless required by state law, and lost, stolen, or altered cards cannot be replaced. customers may return gift cards for a refund of the gift card price with a receipt or packing slip and valid government identification. personal use items: all items that fall under the personal use category cannot be returned or exchanged. such items include, but are not limited to: athletic supporters, bedding, mouth pieces, swim wear, undergarments, etc. premium baseball and softball bats: if you purchased a premium baseball or softball bat and have not removed the bat from its original packaging, you may return the bat to academy for a refund or exchange. if you have removed the bat from its original packaging and found damage or a defect, you must return the bat to the manufacturer for warranty repair. please refer to the listing of premium bat manufacturers, with special return polices, available here, or speak with an academy sales associate for details. premium sunglasses: if you purchased sunglasses from certain manufacturers, you may return the sunglasses to academy for a refund or exchange if they are unworn and have their original tags, stickers, casings, and packaging. if you have removed the tags, stickers, casings, or packaging, and found damage or a defect, you must return the sunglasses to the manufacturer for warranty repair. please refer to the listings of premium sunglasses manufacturers with special return policies posted at the stores or at academy.com. perishable items: some perishable items may not be available for return. please contact an academy sales associate or customer service if there is any question as to whether you may return a perishable item. our commitment to the online customer: academy values its online customers shopping at academy.com, and we are committed to your satisfaction: you may return merchandise purchased at academy.com by parcel carrier/usps with a packing slip: if you purchased merchandise at academy.com, your packing slip is your receipt. you may return the merchandise to academy by parcel carrier/usps at the address below for a refund of the purchase price, less any applicable shipping or other online charges (unless you are eligible to receive a refund of such charges), using the original packing slip provided by academy with your purchase or a copy of the packing slip available at academy.com: academy returns center6049 fulton industrial blvdsuite batlanta, ga 30336 please check the appropriate box on the packing slip indicating the reason for the return, and include the packing slip in the return box. academy will issue refunds after it has received and inspected the returned merchandise. if you wish to return a purchase requiring special or bulk shipping, please contact customer service for assistance at 1-888-922-2336 or use our online form. exchanges for merchandise purchased at academy.com may be available. if you purchased merchandise at academy.com and mistakenly bought the wrong size or color, or otherwise want to exchange the merchandise by parcel carrier/usps, please contact customer service at 1-888-922-2336 or use our online form to request an exchange. academy will refund shipping charges for defective merchandise or merchandise damaged in transit: if you purchased merchandise at academy.com and it is defective, arrives damaged, or is not the product that you ordered, please contact customer service so that you may return the merchandise to an academy store or by parcel carrier/usps for a refund, including all shipping costs.our commitment to customer service. academy is committed to customer service, and if you have any problems or questions with any returns, including assistance contacting manufacturers for warranty repairs, you may contact academy as follows: for questions regarding store purchases: please call your local store or contact any store manager. you may also contact customer service at 1-888-922-2336 or use our online form. for questions regarding academy.com purchases: please contact customer service at 1-888-922-2336 or use our online form. how refunds are issued academy issues refunds based on the original payment tender: all refunds issued by academy for returned merchandise will match the original payment tender, so that customers will receive credit to the appropriate card for credit card purchases and a new gift card for gift card purchases. if you paid by your refund will go to after your return is processed credit card credit card 2-3 business days academy gift card new gift card shipped to billing address up to 10 business days to receive gc credit card and gift card(s) credit card first, then new gift card issued 2-3 business days for credit card, and up to 10 business days to receive gc shipping faqs i only received part of my order. why haven't i received all of my items?why did i receive my academy sports + outdoors order in separate shipments/deliveries? at academy sports + outdoors, in addition to our distribution warehouses, we have a network of retail stores , which allows us to fulfill your order, without being limited to one source of inventory. we may use our entire network of stores and warehouses to ship your online order, so you may receive separate shipments. will there be any additional shipping charges if you ship part of my order from a store? no, there are no additional charges for multiple shipments. tracking your shipments you can track your package by going to the my orders page as a registered customer or through track your shipment as a guest. if you are tracking your shipment as a guest, you will need your tracking number from your shipment confirmation and the zip to the shipping address. if your shipment contains scheduled delivery services, you can track your shipment to the specialized delivery carrier's destination, and the carrier will call you within two (2) business days of the carrier's receipt of your shipment to schedule an appointment. if you are not contacted by our carrier within two (2) business days, you may contact them directly or call us at 1.888.922.2336. shipping methods during checkout, you will be prompted to choose a shipping method for your order. the total shipping charges will automatically compute during checkout prior to the completion of your order. please note that some heavy or bulk items may offer only one shipping method, but a second method can be used for the other item(s) in your order. shipping costs for orders placed on academy.com are based on the weight and size of the total order. you will be provided with the total shipping cost for your order during checkout. academy.com offers the option to upgrade your shipping method to 2 day express or priority overnight for faster delivery. if you choose to upgrade your shipping method, your order must be received by 2:00 pm ct or your order may not be processed until the following business day. business days are monday-friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. standard ground (3-5 business days) most items can be shipped to the 48 contiguous united states via standard ground service. business days are monday-friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. 2 day express (2 business days) most items can be shipped to all 50 united states via 2 day express service. business days are monday-friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. please note orders placed monday through friday (excluding holidays) before 2:00 pm ct will be received within two business days. any orders placed on the weekends, holidays, or weekdays after 2:00 pm ct will be received within three business days. priority overnight (1 business day) most items may be shipped to all 50 united states via priority overnight service. business days are monday-friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. please note orders placed monday through friday (excluding holidays) before 2:00 pm ct will be received the next business day. any orders placed on the weekends, holidays, or weekdays after 2:00 pm ct will be received within two business days. giftcard (3-10 business days) gift cards can be shipped to 50 united states via us postal service. you can expect your order to arrive within 3-8 full business days, and for alaska and hawaii, within 6-10 full business days. business days are monday-friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. there is currently no charge to use this service. you can choose to upgrade to 2 day express or priority overnight at an additional cost. see above for delivery commitments and expectations. p.o. boxes (3-10 business days) most items may be shipped via us postal service, and shipments to p.o. boxes must use the us postal service, and in each case some restrictions apply. business days are monday-friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. some items are too big to ship to a p.o. box and must be shipped to a street address. items over 70 lbs or flammable cannot be shipped via us postal service at this time. military apo / fpo addresses (3-8 business days) most items may be shipped to military apo/fpo addresses via us postal service, but some restrictions apply. business days are monday-friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. due to us postal service restrictions, some items cannot be shipped to these military addresses. items over 70 lbs or flammable cannot be shipped via us postal service at this time. scheduled delivery for heavy or bulky items (7-14 business days) academy offers scheduled delivery shipping via a freight trucking company for certain heavy or bulky items that cannot be shipped via parcel carrier (ups, fedex, or usps). these items will be selected for special delivery services during the checkout process automatically. after entering your shipping information, we will verify if special delivery services are available in your area. most oversized items leave our distribution center within one full business days. business days are monday-friday, excluding federal holidays within the united states. the specialized delivery carrier is not responsible for carrying the item into the building. if your item is heavy and/or bulky, we recommend that you have someone with you to help you bring it inside. the delivery carrier in your area will call you directly to schedule an appointment to make a delivery. typically, the carrier requires a minimum of a four-hour window for the delivery, and an adult (over 18) must be available to sign for the delivery. note that scheduled delivery service is not available for p.o. box addresses, and apo/fpo addresses. privacy policy this privacy policy ("policy") explains how academy, ltd., d/b/a academy sports + outdoors and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively "academy") collects, protects, uses, and discloses your personal information when you use our website located at http://www.academy.com ("academy.com") and shop at our retail stores. academy understands that protecting your privacy is of the utmost importance, and we are committed to treating your personal information (such as name, address, e-mail, telephone number, and credit card information) with the highest degree of care. how academy gathers information academy may receive information from its customers and website users in several ways, including information submitted by you on our website or in our stores, and information gathered online by cookies. academy may gather information at academy.com. when you visit academy.com, we may ask you for personally identifiable information so that we can provide you with the products, services, or information that you have requested. for example, if you choose to express an opinion in an online forum, respond to user polls, or enter any contests, we may ask you for personally identifiable information. similarly, when you make a purchase from academy.com, we may ask you for information necessary to process and fulfill your order, including your name, shipping and billing addresses, e-mail address, and credit card or other payment-related information. if you request to sign up for e-mails, sms text messaging, newsletters or other promotional materials, or if you send an inquiry to one of our customer service representatives, we may store a record of your request along with other information allowing us to respond to your inquiry. finally, our servers track various technical details about your visit, such as your computer's ip address and the pages that you visited. academy may gather information by cookies. cookies are pieces of information that our website transfers to your computer so that academy can enhance your shopping experience and tailor our website to your needs. they also assist academy by identifying the types of browsers and operating systems used most by our customers, and how visitors found our website (via a search engine, directory, other website, etc.) and move through it. all of this information enables academy to improve the website and tailor it to individual customer needs and preferences. at any time, you can disable the use of cookies in your browser and still have access to most of the information on academy.com. however, you may not be able to access your account information or make a purchase from the website. academy may gather information at its retail stores. when you visit an academy retail store, we may ask you for personally identifiable information to complete your purchase transaction, collect comments, enter you in a sweepstakes, or provide you with other in-store opportunities or services. all information collected in our stores is subject to the terms of this policy. how academy secures and protects your information academy protects your personal information gathered at academy.com. academy takes information security very seriously, and protecting your personal information is our top priority. when you place an order at academy.com, we make sure that your personal information is safe and secure by using several physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards. for example, academy uses secure sockets layer (ssl) and encryption technology that works with all internet browsers to provide the highest level of security for online transactions. academy also uses mcafee secure software to continuously monitor our website for security vulnerabilities, and we display the mcafee secure trademark throughout our website to warn potential hackers and reassure our customers that their information is protected. academy also has satisfied its requirements under the payment card industry ("pci") security standards, which protects your credit card information by ensuring that it is processed, stored, and transmitted in a secure environment. academy uses your personal information to fulfill your orders and requests, and we do not retain your credit card information. academy uses your personal information gathered at academy.com and in our stores to fulfill your orders and requests. we do not store your credit card information on any of our databases for future use. academy also may combine your information with other information to create aggregate or summary reports, and we may provide data in aggregate form to other parties for marketing, advertising, and other purposes. if academy provides information to other parties in aggregate form, we do not disclose any personal information concerning specific customers. if you are still unsure about the security of your information traveling across the internet, you can place an order with us by calling our customer service department toll-free at 1-888-922-2336 monday through saturday, between 7:00am and 10:00pm ct and sunday, between 8:00am and 8:00pm ct. academy protects your email and postal communications. when visiting academy's retail stores or academy.com, you may provide personal information and choose to receive e-mail and/or sms text updates, invitations, product announcements, or other information from academy. we may use a third party e-mail service provider to send e-mail communications from academy about our products and services. academy requires its third party service providers to use your personal information only for e-mail services requested by academy and to keep your information secure and confidential. at any time, you can choose to remove your name from our e-mail list by: using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each e-mail sent by academy; using our online form; sending a "academystop" message to 88769 to unsubscribe from sms text messaging; or contacting customer service at 1-888-922-2336. if you provide us with your postal address while in one of our stores, on our website, or through other means, you may receive periodic advertisements, circulars, or other promotional materials from us. if you do not wish to receive postal mailings from academy, or third-party organizations, please notify academy by using our online form. please provide us with your name and postal address, and identify which lists you wish to be removed from, so that we can be sure your information is deleted from the appropriate mailing lists. academy complies with the children's online privacy protection act of 1998. consistent with the children's online privacy protection act of 1998, academy does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information on children under the age of thirteen (13). academy complies with california law governing the privacy of california residents. california civil code section 1798.83 permits users that are california residents to request that we not share your personally identifiable information with third parties if we know or have reason to know that the third parties use the personally identifiable information for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. for their protection, we exercise this right on behalf of our california customers and require third parties hired by academy to keep all personally identifiable information related to california customers secure and to not permit any use of personally identifiable information for direct marketing or any other purposes not authorized by academy. how academy shares information in order to operate academy.com and our retail stores, and provide you with the products and services you have requested, we occasionally need to share information with third parties. we may transmit your personal information to third party service providers who assist us in processing orders and payments, shipping products, sending catalogs, performing surveys, conducting sweepstakes, processing job applications, sending e-mails and newsletters, and helping us decide whether to extend credit to you via arrangements that we may have with credit card issuers. we have agreements with these third party service providers directing them to protect your privacy by implementing similar security measures and using your information only as authorized by academy. in addition to our service providers, we also may provide information (for example, postal addresses, e-mail address, and telephone numbers) to certain outside companies and marketing partners so they can let our customers know about products or services that might be of interest. if you do not wish to receive such contact, please notify academy by using our online form. how academy handles legally required disclosures if academy receives a subpoena, court order or other legal process requesting your personal information, academy may, in its sole discretion, disclose your personal information pursuant to such legal process without providing notice to you. how academy interacts with other websites academy.com may contain links to other websites that are not under our control, and conversely, other websites that are not under our control may contain links to academy.com. these websites have their own policies regarding privacy and security, and we encourage you to review such policies while visiting each site. academy.com is not responsible for the privacy practices, security, or content of linked websites. academy provides these links solely for the convenience of our customers. what happens when academy updates its privacy and security policy academy reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time without notice. we will alert you to these changes by noting the date that this policy was last updated at the beginning of the policy. we encourage you to review this policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how academy may gather, secure, and use your personal information. your continued use of academy.com and patronage of academy's retail stores constitutes your agreement to and acceptance of the policy and any changes to it. questions if you have any questions or comments regarding this policy, please contact us anytime by using our online form or calling us toll-free at 1-888-922-2336 1-888-922-2336 monday through saturday, between 7:00am and 10:00pm ct and sunday, between 8:00am and 8:00pm ct. welcome welcome to academy.com, and thank you for visiting our website. academy.com, inc., d/b/a academy sports + outdoors, and/or its parents, affiliates, or subsidiaries ("academy") provide this website and corresponding features to you subject to the following conditions of use. if you visit or shop at academy.com, you accept these conditions. please read them carefully. academy.com is owned and operated by academy.com, inc. (the "site"). academy reserves the right to change the site, these conditions of use, and all other policies governing the site, privacy, and usage at any time. your continued use of the site following the posting of changes means that you accept such changes. accounts our site allows you to place orders quickly and easily by setting up a password protected account. if you create an account, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. your use of the registration process on the site is personal to you and is not transferable. you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current, and complete registration information about yourself on all forms you complete; and (b) maintain and update this information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete; and (c) immediately notify academy of any suspected unauthorized use of your account or password. ordering when you place an order at our site, academy will not charge you for your order until we receive authorization for your payment method. academy reserves the right, at any time after receipt of your order, to accept, decline, or cancel your order, or any portion thereof, even after your receipt of an order confirmation. we also reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to limit the quantity of items ordered, refuse service to any customer, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, and/or prohibit sales to dealers. some situations where we may cancel your order include inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, limited quantities, or problems with the chosen payment mechanism. in certain circumstances, we may require additional information or need to verify information before accepting your order. the receipt of an e-mail order confirmation does not constitute the acceptance of an order or a confirmation of an offer to sell. pricing all prices, features, content, and specifications listed on academy.com for product or services are subject to change at any time without notice. academy strives to provide the most accurate pricing and product information possible. in spite of such efforts, however, pricing and product information errors on the site may occur. you agree that academy shall not be responsible for any such pricing or product information errors. academy cannot confirm the accuracy of the price of an item until after academy has processed and completed your order. in the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price, academy shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. please note that sometimes a price of an item online may not match the price in our retail stores, and academy reserves the right to maintain different prices for items offered for sale through different channels. payment academy reserves the right to change accepted payment methods at any time without notice. risk of loss all purchases from academy.com are made pursuant to a shipping contract, which means that the risk of loss and title for such purchases pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier designated for shipment. returns our returns policy governs your visit to and use of academy.com and all transactions with academy, and it is located at: http://www.academy.com/returns. site access academy grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of the site, but not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, without the express written consent of academy. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of the site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. this site or any portion thereof may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of academy. you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of academy, or use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" using academy's name or trademarks, without the express written consent of academy. any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by academy. you are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of academy.com so long as the link does not portray academy, or its products or services, in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. you may not use any academy logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without the express written consent of academy. by using the site, you certify that you are at least 18 years of age. if you are under the age of 18, you may use this site only with the permission of your parent or guardian who agrees to be bound by these conditions of use and is responsible for your actions. if you are a parent or guardian, you are responsible for the use of this site by your child, including all purchases made by such child. academy does not knowingly collect personal information about children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent of such collection of personal information. you agree that you will not do any of the following in connection with your use of the site: (a) fail to follow these conditions of use; (b) abuse the site privileges; (c) misrepresent personal information that is provided to academy by you or anyone else acting on your behalf; (d) act in a manner inconsistent with or in violation of any applicable local, state, federal or other applicable u.s. or foreign law, statute, regulation, directive or ordinance; (e) do anything detrimental to the interests of academy; (f) use, or attempt to use, any part of the site for purposes such as, by way of example and not limitation, tampering, hacking, spoofing, using robots or scripts, or otherwise corrupting the administration, security, or proper function of any part of the site; (g) reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise alter the site or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or structural framework thereto; (h) access or attempt to access any part of the site for which you do not have authorization; (i) do anything which would create or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large burden or load on academy; (j) frame or link to the site except as permitted in writing by academy; or (k) interfere with or disrupt the site or servers or networks connected to the site, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of the site. academy reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the site, or any portion thereof, with or without notice. you agree that academy shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the site. third party links and references the site may contain links or references to names, marks, products or services of third parties, or links to other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by third parties. such references and/or links are provided solely as a convenience to you and do not in any way constitute or imply academy's endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party or its information, products or services. if you use these references or links, you may leave this site and you do so entirely at your own risk. academy is not responsible for, and does not make any representations regarding any third party's products, services, practices, policies, or site content. information ownership and accuracy any information communicated to academy through the use of the site, including but not limited to notes on message boards, suggestions, ideas, e-mails, or other similar content (collectively "user generated content") become the property of academy. other than personal or financial information submitted by a user, academy is entitled to use any user generated content without restriction or compensation to the person submitting the information. academy is not responsible for monitoring any message boards, chat rooms, customized gift messages, or on-line forums that appear on the site, and academy reserves the right to remove or edit, in whole or in part, any material it deems objectionable, offensive or inappropriate at any time. you are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, inflammatory, discriminatory, harassing, pornographic, profane, racially-derogatory, ethnically?derogatory or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable law. academy assumes no responsibility or liability arising from user generated content, including any claims of defamation, error, omission, inaccuracy, obscenity, pornography, profanity or danger. information on the site includes products, services and content that is available in or applicable to the united states and is in compliance with u.s. laws only. if the site is accessed from outside the united states, the user is responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws. privacy our privacy policy governs your visit to and use of academy.com and all interactions with academy involving personal information, and it is located at: http://www.academy.com/privacy. security academy takes reasonable precautions to protect sensitive and personal information submitted by users of the site. for example, in order to protect your sensitive financial information, we encrypt your financial card information using the industry standard secure socket layer (ssl) technology, thereby securing the transmission of such information over the internet between your computer and the servers we use to process your order. you can find more information on security in academy's privacy policy located at: http://www.academy.com/privacy. product descriptions academy attempts to be as accurate as possible in describing its products and services. in so doing, however, academy does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of the site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. if a product or service offered by academy is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it pursuant to the returns policy. certain products or services offered by academy may have special restrictions or conditions of use, and you can find these unique restrictions and/or conditions of use on the site page associated with each specific product or service. any listed restrictions and/or conditions of use represent those provided to academy by the product manufacturer or distributor, or service provider, at the time academy posts such products or services for sale. academy provides these restrictions and conditions of use as a convenience to our customers, but academy does not warrant that such content is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. you agree to abide by any restrictions and conditions of use for your purchases, and also any other restrictions applicable to your purchases based on your jurisdiction. indemnification you agree, at your own expense, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless academy and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, suppliers and licensors from and against any and all third party claims, liability, damages, losses and/or costs (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from or relating to: (a) your failure to comply with these conditions of use, including any restrictions or prohibitions specified above or any other restrictions related to the products you have purchased; (b) your infringement or violation of any intellectual property or other right of a third party; or (c) your violation of any applicable law or regulation, including those applicable to the products or services sold by academy. disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability the site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. academy makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, contents, materials, products, or services included on the site. to the maximum extent permitted by law, academy disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. academy does not warrant that the site, its servers, or e-mail sent from academy are free of viruses or other harmful components. academy assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property due to your access to, use of, or browsing in the site or your downloading of any materials from the site. academy shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential damages resulting from the use of, or the inability to use, the site, materials on the site, or the products or services offered by academy or on the site. since some states do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion of certain damages, the above limitations may not apply to you. in no event shall academy's total liability to you for all damages, losses and causes of action (whether in contract, tort [including but not limited to negligence] or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing the site. copyright the contents and compilation of the site are the property of academy and protected by united states and international copyright laws. all rights reserved. all software used on the site is the property of academy or its software suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. trademarks all trademarks, logos, service marks, and trade names are the property of academy or other respective owners that have granted academy the right and license to use such marks. use of these marks without the written consent of academy or the owner of the mark is expressly prohibited. applicable law your use of the site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of texas without regard to choice of laws provisions. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to the site shall be in the state or federal courts located in harris county, texas. any cause of action you may have with respect to the site must be commenced within one year after the cause of action arises. if any provision of these conditions of use shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. these conditions of use, as well as any other written policies referenced herein or posted on the site, represent the entire agreement between academy and you relating to the subject matter herein. academy reserves the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these conditions of use at any time. need help? 1-888-922-2336 contact us hours of operation 7:00 am - 12:00 am ct mailing address (for correspondence only)academy sports + outdoorscustomer service565 south mason road #419katy, tx 77450 shop with confidence shopping on academy.comis safe and secure we accept: shop the gift guide shop gift cards shop hot deals shop today's daily deal shop the kids' gift guide need help? visit customer service or contact us by : 1-888-922-2336 contact us find a store check order status my account about academy company info careers press releases community relations sponsorships investors low price commitment california disclaimers academy gift cards buy gift cards now stores + services weekly ad gift card services academy credit cards hunting & fishing licenses in store services rebates product recall info interact + share local events ratings & reviews wish list video gallery buying guides connect with us sign up for academy email weekly ad, new store openings, store events, and more. sign up for holidaydaily deals © 2014 academy sports + outdoors. all rights reserved privacy policy conditions of use site map academy gift cards academy credit card paypal visa mastercard discover american express waiting for status please wait while our system retrieves your application status. redirecting to card application congratulations! you have been approved. your temporary academy sports + outdoors visa card has been saved to this order. to receive the one-time $25 off promotion, your cart subtotal must be at least $25. promotion will be applied on the review & place order page. continue your application is pending approval. the $25 off promotion will not be applied. to continue to checkout, please select another method of payment. continue connection error we are unable to connect at this time. please try again. continue payment method are you sure that you want to change your payment method? after doing so you will no longer receive your $25 off from your instant line of credit. if you would still like to change your payment method, please hit continue. cancelcontinue confirm payment method we're sorry, we are unable to process your order using a gift card as a payment method in combination with the $25 off promotion at this time. applying a gift card will cancel your promotional offer. cancelcontinue you have been idle for 5 minutes for your security, your session will time out in five minutes. continue need ten min warning title for your security, please checkout within 10 minutes. continue