来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211230213803/https://www.academy.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

academy | privacy policy academy sports + outdoorsfree 2 hour in store pick up & curbsidegift cardsweekly ad + buying guidesexpert advicemain content starts here. privacy policy table of contents introduction how academy collects personal information/categories of personal information collected additional information collection/cookies, and online tools advertising, analytics, and online tracking opting out of interest-based advertising your account how academy uses your personal information how academy shares information how academy secures and protects your information how academy treats your e-mail, sms text, and postal communications children's privacy california minors your california privacy rights social media legally required disclosures other websites updates to privacy policy additional rights exclusions and limitations; consumer protection notice questions 1. introduction academy sports + outdoors strives to provide you a great shopping experience and deliver value on our assortment of products and services. information you share with academy sports + outdoors allows us to optimize your shopping experience and to ensure that we are delivering value to all our customers throughout our assortment of products and services. this privacy policy (this "policy") provides you with information related to how academy, ltd., d/b/a academy sports + outdoors and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “academy sports + outdoors,” "academy," "we," "us," or "our") collect, use, protect, and disclose your personal information (including name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, payment card information, and other information which alone or in combination could be used to identify you (also sometimes referred to as “individually identifiable information”)) and non-personal information (defined as information that excludes your name, address, email address, and other individually identifiable information). this policy is subject to and governed by our terms and conditions of website use. we operate academy sports + outdoors retail stores, the academy.com and academy.custhelp.com websites (each, a “website,” and collectively, our “websites”), the academy sports + outdoors mobile applications on the ios and android operating systems (our “apps”), and various social media accounts (including facebook, twitter, pinterest, youtube, snapchat, and instagram). this policy applies to information obtained in connection with our operations at or through our retail stores, websites, apps, social media accounts, and any other academy-owned or controlled websites, applications, services, platforms, surveys, programs, promotions, and tools that reference or link to this policy and their corresponding features (each, a “site,” and collectively, our “sites”). visitors to our sites are sometimes referred to in this policy as “you” or “your.” we are committed to treating your personal information with appropriate care and in compliance with applicable law. we limit access to your personal information only to partners who use it for the purposes described in this policy. our partners with whom we share your personal information in connection with our business (“partners”) are required to safeguard it by appropriate means and to use your personal information only as authorized by us in accordance with this policy. back to top 2. how academy collects personal information/categories of personal information collected we receive information from you in several ways, including when you visit our sites (including our sites and any applications or digital interfaces we may provide), when you visit our stores, and information received by our partners. when you interact with us digitally or visit our stores, we may ask you to provide personal information to us so that we may (a) provide you with the products, services, or information that you have requested, (b) provide you with further communications, or (c) carry out this policy. for example, we may receive personal information from you when you: apply for a job with academy; apply for credit in connection with academy; register for and use an online account with us; place an order with us, or request that an item be shipped to you or someone else (for example, information necessary to process and fulfill your order, including your name, shipping and billing addresses, e-mail address, and credit card or other payment-related information); request information from us about our products or services; express an opinion in an online forum, submit a product review, respond to user polls, or enter any sweepstakes or contests; connect with us via social media; complete a survey conducted by or on behalf of academy; or communicate with us in person, by phone, or with digital tools. back to top 3. additional information collection/cookies, and online tools we use generally available technology, such as web server logs, cookies, web beacons, other digital identification tools, and tracking technologies (collectively, “technology”), to receive information about how users access our sites or otherwise interact with us digitally. for example, we use technology to receive information about how users found our website(s) and navigate and use our sites. all of this information enables us to improve your digital experience. technology also helps us and our partners to enhance and personalize your shopping experience and our communications with you. information received by academy includes your device's ip address, physical location, browser, domain, or operating system, the address of a referring website, the path you take through our sites, browsing history and other information about your time interacting with us digitally. web browsers and applications you use to interact with us digitally may contain privacy features that may allow you to disable or otherwise manage the use of cookies and other technology. enabling privacy features may permit you to access most information on our digital platforms, but you may not be able to take full advantage of certain aspects of our digital platforms. you may still call or e-mail us if you are unable to access certain functionalities via our digital platforms. visit allaboutcookies.org to learn more. back to top 4. advertising, analytics, and online tracking we may use partners for advertising and analysis, including interest-based advertising (also known as online behavioral advertising). interest-based advertising is tailored to your interests and appears on our sites, in emails or other communications from us and our partners, and on other sites (including on social media). our partners may use technology to receive both personal and non-personal information about your digital experience with academy. the information received by academy and our partners based upon your digital activities may be supplemented with information from other sources so that we can improve your shopping experience. academy and our partners may also receive personal information about your digital activities over time and across third party websites or online services. third parties may employ their own technology in order to similarly receive such information, including when you visit our sites. this policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, tracking technologies used by a non-partner third party. back to top 5. opting out of interest-based advertising you may opt out of interest-based advertising from us at any time. in order to successfully opt out, you must have cookies enabled in your web browser. if you use multiple computers or multiple web browsers, you must opt out on each one (your opt out choice will not be automatically applied from one browser to another or from one computer to another). please note that merely deleting cookies is not an opt-out. if, after opting out, you delete your browser’s saved cookies, your opt out preferences will be deleted and you will need to opt out again. mechanisms for opting-out of interest-based advertising from academy include: some of our partners may be members of the network advertising initiative (nai) or participate in the digital advertising alliance’s (daa) self-regulatory program. thus, to opt out of interest-based advertising on our sites or on other websites that are part of nai or daa, please visit the nai website at this link or the daa website at this link. third party websites, such as social media sites, offer their own opt out methods. please refer to the website that you are visiting for additional information. some internet browsers offer their own opt-out mechanisms (including “do-not-track” mechanisms) for interest-based advertising. however, our digital platforms and/or our partners may not recognize these opt-outs. some mobile devices offer their own opt-outs for interest-based advertising. please see your mobile device settings and/or consult the published product information for additional information. please note that if you choose to opt out of interest-based advertising, you may still see or receive academy advertisements, however, such advertisements will not be based upon your preferences or browsing history. back to top 6. your account if you set up an account on one of our sites, we will receive information from you to support your use of the account and to process transactions you make using the account. when you create an account, you must provide your e-mail address and create a password. you are responsible for securing your credentials used to access the account. we encourage you to take steps to help protect the confidentiality and security of your academy.com account and personal information, including the following: reviewing your academy.com account periodically and immediately reporting any unexpected activity or unrecognized information; using complex passwords (a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric case sensitive characters); not using the same password on more than one website; not sharing your password with others; not saving passwords in your web browser; password protecting your computer and mobile device; installing the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer and keeping your anti-virus software updated to help prevent malware and viruses from infecting your computer; and signing out of academy.com sessions, especially when using a public computer. we encourage you to regularly update your password, and we may require you to change your password from time to time. to change your password on academy.com: log in to your account at academy.com. you may be prompted to create a new password. otherwise, you can do so from the profile option in my account or by clicking on "forgot your password?" on the sign-in page. we suggest a complex, unique password that you change regularly. once complete, you will receive an email verifying that your password has been changed. for security reasons, customer care is unable to change passwords on your behalf. if you have any questions about resetting your password, our customer care team is ready to help. please call: 1-888-922-2336. if your password is lost or stolen, you are responsible for notifying us by contacting customer care. you remain responsible for all actions taken using your account until you notify us of the lost or stolen password and we have a reasonable opportunity to deactivate your account. if you wish to know more information about your academy account, you can contact customer care. back to top 7. how academy uses your personal information we use and disclose your individually identifiable information to fulfill your requests, to conduct transactions with you, and for any other purpose for which you provided information to us (in any format and at any time). we also use that information to: (a) perform our everyday business; (b) identify fraud; (c) perform legal compliance operations; (d) provide you with notices; (e) analyze the quality of our products and services; (f) analyze the usage and effectiveness of our marketing efforts; (g) provide you with advertising, content, and marketing that we believe may be of interest to you (including advertisements that may be served to you elsewhere on the internet); and (h) analyzing survey responses. academy may combine your information with information of other individuals and information from other sources. back to top 8. how academy shares information in order to operate our digital platforms and our retail stores, and provide you with the products and services you request, as well as ads and information that we believe may be of interest to you, we occasionally need to share information with partners. for example, we may transmit your personal information to partners who assist us in processing orders and payments, shipping products, sending catalogs, performing surveys, conducting sweepstakes, processing job applications, or sending e-mails and newsletters. we may also share information provided to us within our family of companies, including with subsidiaries and affiliates to allow uses of that information that are described in this policy. academy may provide your information in aggregated form (not identifying specific customers) to partners for marketing, advertising, and other everyday business purposes. in addition, we may provide information (for example, postal addresses, e-mail address, and telephone numbers) to partners for them to communicate with you about products or services. if you do not wish to receive these communications from our partners, please contact academy’s customer care. additionally, we transmit personal information to third party credit card issuers to facilitate their decision whether to extend credit. we have agreements with these credit card issuers requiring them to protect your privacy by implementing appropriate security measures and using your information only as authorized by us. we may also share your information upon your request, when we believe it is permitted or required by law, or in connection with a business acquisition of an academy entity or one of our service providers (i.e. your information may be transferred to an acquiring entity). back to top 9. how academy secures and protects your information we take information security seriously, and protecting your personal information is an important priority to us. when you place an order through one of our digital platforms, we use appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to help secure your information. you are responsible for any security measures on the device or application you use to access our sites. however, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure regardless of the security measures employed by academy or you. we satisfy the payment card industry ("pci") security standards and requirements, which protect your payment card information by ensuring that it is processed, stored, and transmitted in a secure manner. we use a third-party processor for credit card and gift card transactions. your credit card and gift card information is sent directly to that processor without being stored on our systems. in addition to using our sites to place an order, you may place an order with us by calling customer care toll-free at 1-888-922-2336, between 7:00 a.m. and 12:00 a.m. central time. back to top 10. how academy treats your e-mail, sms text, and postal communications when visiting academy's retail stores or sites, you may provide personal information and choose to receive e-mail and/or sms text updates, invitations, product announcements, or other information from us. we may use a partner’s e-mail, sms, or other text message service provider to send you communications about our products and services. we require our partners to use your personal information only for e-mail, sms, or other text message services requested by academy and to keep your information secure and confidential. at any time, you can choose to remove your name from our e-mail list by: using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each e-mail sent from academy; using our online form; or contacting customer care at 1-888-922-2336. we will obtain a separate consent from you before contacting you when we are required to do so by law (such as the canadian "anti-spam" law or the telephone consumer protection act). if you sign up for mobile order updates, and/or mobile offers, our terms and conditions, including disclosures of dialing technology and a notice that consent is not a requirement for purchase, are provided with any invitation to register. at any time, you can choose to remove your name from our sms text list by: replying stop to any text message you receive from us; texting stop to 22369 – to unsubscribe from marketing, promotional, or cart reminder text messages; and texting stop to 74840 – to unsubscribe from order confirmation, order update, and shipping confirmation text messages. if you provide us with your postal address, you may receive periodic advertisements or promotional materials from us. if you do not wish to receive postal mailings from us or our partners, please notify us by contacting customer care at 1-888-922-2336. please provide us with your name and postal address and identify which lists you wish to be removed from when submitting your request for removal. back to top 11. children's privacy we comply with the children's online privacy protection act of 1998. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information of children under the age of thirteen (13) . if you are under the age of thirteen (13), you may not use our sites or provide any information to us. if we become aware that information has been received about a person under the age of thirteen (13), we will work to remove and permanently delete that information to the extent reasonably and commercially possible. if you are a parent or guardian who believes that your child under the age of thirteen (13) has submitted information to us, please contact customer care. if we verify that you are the parent or legal guardian, we will coordinate with you to discuss any personal information actually received from your child and how that personal information may have been shared or used. back to top 12. california minors please see our california disclosures. back to top 13. your california privacy rights please see our california disclosures. back to top 14. social media we maintain a social media presence in various forms (including facebook, twitter, pinterest, youtube, snapchat, and instagram). collection and use of information on any social media website, application, or service associated with us is governed by the privacy policy of, and affected by the privacy settings of, the applicable social media website, application, or service. you are responsible for reviewing and understanding the privacy policy and privacy settings of the relevant social media website, application, or service. we may receive your personal information when you connect to a social media feed, post content in social media, or otherwise interact with us using social media. when you "like," "subscribe," or send or post a message to us through social media, we may receive your username, alias, handle, location, and any other personal information available from social media. actions you take in connection with any social media associated with academy may be visible to others. any information received from social media may be used by us in a manner similar to comparable information we obtain through our sites. we may use technology to display interest-based content or ads to you while you are using social media and may send or tailor messages that we believe may be of interest to you based on the information received by us from social media. back to top 15. legally required disclosures we may disclose your personal information (sometimes without providing notice to you) in special circumstances, such as when the disclosure is required by a competent legal authority or when we believe sharing information will assist in protecting the safety, property, or rights of academy or our customers, team members, and other persons who may be affected. back to top 16. other websites our sites may contain links to other websites that are not maintained or controlled by academy. sites not controlled or maintained by us may contain links to our sites and have their own privacy policies. you are responsible for reviewing and understanding those privacy policies and any other applicable terms and conditions. we encourage you to review the applicable policies while visiting each website. we are not responsible for the privacy practices, security, or content of other websites even when they are linked on our sites or when our sites are linked on those websites. we provide these links solely for the convenience of our customers and website users and makes no warranties associated with them. see section 17 below for important limitations on the terms of this section 16. back to top 17. updates to privacy policy we may change, supplement, or update this policy at any time without providing you notice. the date that this policy was last updated is indicated at the beginning of the policy. you are responsible for checking for updates of this policy each time you use our sites. we encourage you to review this policy from time to time to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, share, and secure your personal information. any changes to this policy will apply from the indicated effective date and will not affect any dispute arising prior to the indicated effective date. your use or reuse of our sites and patronage of academy's retail stores constitutes your agreement to and acceptance of the policy and any changes to it. back to top 18. additional rights you may have additional rights not described in this policy under laws applicable to you. back to top 19. exclusions and limitations; consumer protection notice this policy is intended to be only as broad and inclusive as permitted by the consumer laws applicable to you. academy reserves all rights, defenses, and permissible limitations under the law of your state of residence and any other law applicable to you. if you are a new jersey consumer, the terms of this privacy policy do not limit or waive your rights as a consumer under new jersey law and the provisions in this policy are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of the state of new jersey. back to top 20. questions if you have any questions or comments regarding this policy, please contact us at any time by using our online form or by calling us toll-free at 1-888-922-2336 between 7:00 a.m. and 12:00 a.m. central time or by contacting academy customer care. back to top get the latest deals, news and more.enter your email or phone number below to receive our weekly ad, new store openings, store events and more!see detailssign uporders & purchasestrack orders & purchasesshop gift cardscheck gift card balanceorder online & pick up todayacademy credit cardservicesoffer detailsreturn policyprice match policystore servicesproduct rebatesproduct recallsabout academyabout usinvestor relationscareersenvironmental, social & governancecovid-19 updatecustomer carefind a storeprivacy policyterms & conditionsaccessibilitycalifornia disclosuressitemap© 2021 academy sports + outdoors. all rights reservedtop