来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091212203332/http://www.air-n-water.com/blog/
================================================================================

air & water - heating, cooling, purification, and more! head home air & water - heating, cooling, purification, and more! friday, december 18, 2009 company party a few days ago, i mentioned that we were going to celebrate the year at our company christmas party. the party was actually really fun! we went to memphis at the santora in santa ana, california, which is only about 10-20 minutes away from our office here in the 92705. the food from memphis was phenomenal - really, i mean it! i had a classic caesar salad and some buttermilk fried chicken. i have literally never tasted fried chicken like that before. it came with mashed potatoes, collard greens, and andouille country gravy - just thinking about it makes me hungry! most of my co-workers chose gumbo (i still don't know what that is!) and meatloaf, which i heard was also quite delicious.besides eating, we also had speeches (congratulations to adam and arthur for getting employees of the year!), toasts, and of course karaoke. a lot of air & water's employees really do enjoy karaoke!if you're in the socal area, you should definitely check out memphis at the santora. the address is:201 north broadwayartists villagesanta ana, ca 92701 digg del.icio.us technorati furl reddit spurl posted by amy at 4:19 pm 0 comments monday, december 14, 2009 christmas is so soon! i love christmastime. even though the weather in southern california is less than desirable (i'm still used to our 80-degree summers - right now it's only in the 60s/70s!), everyone is just so happy! and that makes me happy. i already got my christmas gift from my parents last night. i know, i know - it's still early. but i really needed it now! i was so excited to get a separate heater just for my room. it doesn't sound like the best gift ever, but i sure think it is! now i can be warm all throughout this cold winter. i probably won't want to ever leave my room. i also got a pair of gorgeous boots, so i'm really happy about this christmas! :)anyway, we're having our company christmas party tomorrow! we're all excited because everyone knows that nothing beats a nice ol' christmas feast.p.s. if you have a twitter, don't hesitate to follow air & water's twitter! you can be the first to know about special giveaways and contests! our username is, of course, airnwater.labels: heaters, heating digg del.icio.us technorati furl reddit spurl posted by amy at 4:20 pm 0 comments friday, december 11, 2009 air & water's holiday special sometimes, gift giving doesn't work out the way we want it to, and then returning or exchanging becomes a big hassle. air-n-water.com makes it easy for you when a gift doesn't work out the way you want. starting this past monday (december 8), any order placed until christmas eve (december 24) of 2009 can be returned within 60 days until february 24, 2010 as long as the product is in resale condition. if you live in the southern california area in or near orange county, you can even stop by our office with the product you want to return and forget about the hassle of reshipping the product back to us!additionally, air & water won't charge any restocking fees on all of the returns of orders made from december 8 to december 23, 2009!good luck with your holiday shopping! :) digg del.icio.us technorati furl reddit spurl posted by amy at 12:13 pm 0 comments friday, december 4, 2009 keep your entire home feeling and smelling fresh! when people think of air purifiers, usually they think of the smaller units that purify only one or a few rooms at a time. however, there are air purifiers that can supply fresh air to and recirculate the air throughout your entire house. these purifiers, also known as central air purifiers, constantly filter the air in your home and removes allergens, viruses, bacteria, and even odors! they work even when your central system is turned off.airpura provides a large variety of central air purification systems - each is extremely effective, but different models have slight changes in the features. all of them remove harmful microorganisms in your air so that you don't have to worry about breathing in allergens or bacteria that could harm your health. central air purifiers are perfect for those who suffer from asthma and/or allergies because they don't need to be moved from room to room. additionally, these units are great for keeping the air smelling fresh throughout the day by removing odors with their carbon filters. best of all, these air purifiers can clean up air in areas up to 2000 square feet! that's extremely impressive, especially when compared to smaller purifiers that cover only around 400 square feet.the different models of central air purifiers have special emphases on certain aspects of air purification. the v600-w features an enhanced carbon filter that helps reduce the amount of vocs (volatile organic compounds) in the air, including formaldehyde and ammonia. the uv600-w offers a uv lamp that easily sterilizes antigens, mold spores, pathogens, and other living microorganisms. the uv light makes it almost impossible for these bacteria and viruses to reproduce and grow. the c600-w comes with a special 26-pound carbon filter blend that traps and absorbs nasty gases and odors to leave your home feeling and smelling fresh all day.central air purification systems are perfect for all homes and extremely easy to install. click here to learn how to install one of these systems!labels: air_purifiers digg del.icio.us technorati furl reddit spurl posted by amy at 2:10 pm 0 comments wednesday, november 25, 2009 keep your water clean with a uv water purifier! many times, the water that you use to wash your hands is filled with microorganisms and you just end up washing your hands with polluted water. you might even be using this contaminated liquid as drinkable water! proper installation of a uv water purifier can help you fix that problem.water purifiers are able to remove contaminants from your water to make sure the water that you drink or wash your body with is pure and clean. most water purifiers provide the same function - however, uv water purifiers offer one special feature that makes them stand out from the rest of the water filtration systems: a uv light. with uv water purifiers, an effective uv light shines through the water to eliminate microorganisms such as bacteria and viruses. as a result, the water comes through the purification system completely pure and safe to drink. these water purifiers can be used to treat just one faucet or the faucets of the entire house, so they are also very convenient.the wedeco m7 series uv water purifier is one of the top uv purifiers in the market. this unit can easily get rid of 99.9% of the infectious living organisms found in water such as e. coli, giardia, and other viruses. it also features a 24-hour led monitor that indicates the filter's operating status. this takes the guesswork out of changing the filter on a monthly or yearly basis and saves you more money in the long run! similarly, the purtest purpg-8 uv purifier removes bacteria and microorganisms from your water without altering the chemical balance or the taste. this particular unit operates on only one penny for hundreds of gallons of water, making it economical and safe. additionally, the water purifier features a 30-day replacement alarm that informs you exactly when you need to change the filter. additionally, both of these units are made with stainless steel for durability.buy a uv water purification system today to keep your water pure and bacteria-free! for more information about installing your own water filtration system, read this previous post.labels: water_purifiers, water_quality digg del.icio.us technorati furl reddit spurl posted by amy at 5:03 pm 0 comments friday, november 20, 2009 electric heaters keep you warm all winter long! we all know that most people prefer electric heaters because they are easy to use and energy-efficient. however, there are actually many different types of electric heaters to choose from, and if you choose the wrong one, you can actually end up wasting more energy than you intend to!space heaters are great for supplemental heating in smaller areas such as bedrooms and small offices. they don't cost very much to purchase, and they use very little energy compared to larger or central heating systems. many space heaters can effectively spot heat, or heat certain people or objects right in front of them. electric wall heaters are also great for saving space and heating smaller areas. for offices, there are also heaters that you can use under your desk. these heaters include feet mats that are perfect for cold, rainy days. for more information about the different styles of space heaters, take a look at the post from two weeks ago.infrared heaters are one of the best ways to save energy and money during the colder months. they warm objects and people, not the air - therefore, you don't have to spend money paying for wasted warmth. however, because most infrared heaters emit a faint red light, they may not be suitable for use in bedrooms at night. these heaters are great for your health, as well! they promote blood circulation and healing, making you feel refreshed after every use.baseboard heaters use convection (heating without the use of a fan) to remove the cold air from your room. they can be mounted, or you can just set them on the floor (make sure to clear the airflow intake path to prevent energy waste). these heaters are extremely easy to maintain because they only require minor cleaning that involves removing dust from the grill. they are also very quiet and safe to use.garage heaters are great for heating up areas that central heating systems don't cover, such as garages and workshop areas. they are excellent spot heaters and are able to provide high output heat and large blasts of warm air. garage heaters have the ability to warm areas from 150 to 560 square feet, depending on the size and model that you purchase. these heaters, like baseboard heaters, can also be mounted or just placed on the floor.labels: electric heater, heaters, money_saving_tips, space heaters, space_heaters digg del.icio.us technorati furl reddit spurl posted by amy at 5:08 pm 0 comments thursday, november 12, 2009 get rid of dry air with a humidifier! dry air is extremely common during the cold winter months. as a result of low humidity, you can experience dry eyes, dry skin, chapped lips, respiratory problems, and even a scratchy throat. additionally, dry air damages electronics and cracks paint and furniture. to prevent (or solve) these health and furnishing problems, you should use a humidifier. these convenient units add moisture into your air for additional comfort by emitting water vapor or mist into the air. there are two main types of humidifiers:warm mist humidifiers like the coway mhs-e5010x produce warm mist by heating water in the tank, significantly reducing bacteria growth. the warm steam adds moisture into your air and is extremely effective in particularly cool, dry areas. however, because these units can become quite hot to the touch, they should not be used around small children.cool mist humidifiers like the essick air 697500 produce cool mist without using as much energy as warm mist humidifiers. they cover larger areas: the air king 9929 can maintain a comfortable humidity level in areas up to 3200 square feet! these units are definitely safer to use than warm mist humidifiers, but they are actually much more noisy and they need to have their filters changed often.some humidifiers also come as additional features on other types of appliances. for instance, the sharp kc-c150u is an air purifier and humidifier! this unit is great for those who have breathing problems such as asthma or allergies because it can remove the allergens from your air while providing extra moisture. the soleus hc4-15-20, on the other hand, is a heater and humidifier in one! this convenient space heater is perfect for the winter months because it will keep you warm and comfortable at all times by providing heat and moisture.if you need more help when deciding which humidifier to pick, take a look at this informative humidifier buying guide!labels: air_purifiers, humidifiers, space heaters digg del.icio.us technorati furl reddit spurl posted by amy at 1:07 pm 0 comments blog home previous posts company party christmas is so soon! air & water's holiday special keep your entire home feeling and smelling fresh! keep your water clean with a uv water purifier! electric heaters keep you warm all winter long! get rid of dry air with a humidifier! the many different types of space heaters air & water's twitter contest! electric vs. fuel heaters resources portable air conditioners portable ice makers air purifiers health tips humidifiers money saving tips heating alcohol alternative heating home appliances water quality water purification electric fireplaces patio heaters subscribe toposts [atom]