来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101227040852/http://www.air-n-water.com/videos.htm
================================================================================

how to videos - video tutorials - instructional, diy, & how-to videos from air-n-water.com bringing comfort, warmth, and purity to your home call us: 1-800-734-0405 home about us privacy faq shipping contact us purchase orders check cart air-n-water how-to video library air-n-water.com now offers streaming how to videos, video buying guides, and quick diy video tips on a variety of topics and products such as portable air conditioners, portable ice makers, space heaters, garage heaters, and more. choose a video from one of the topics below: videos by topic: air conditioner videos ice maker videos evaporative cooler videos wine cooler videos dehumidifier videos air purifier videos fan videos space and garage heater videos vacuum cleaner videos miscellaneous videos why buy from air & water, inc.? about air & water, inc. founded in 2002, air & water has quickly grown to become one of the internet's largest independent appliance retailers. we've helped tens of thousands of customers all across the country with their heating and cooling needs. watch this short video to learn more about us. portable air conditioner videos venting your portable air conditioner when you buy a portable ac, you'll also usually receive a window kit that allows you to vent your portable air conditioner through a window, wall, drop ceiling or even a door! watch us demonstrate how easy it is to vent a portable ac unit by watching this short, informative video. newair ac-14000e and ac-14000h portable air conditioner features introducing 2 new portable acs for this season - the ac-14000e and ac-14000h environmentally-friendly r-410a refrigerant is cfc-free and minimizes energy consumption. available in cool-only and cool-heat models. watch this ac-14000e/h video to learn more. newair ac-12000e and ac-12000h portable air conditioner features focus cool air where it's needed most with a newair ac-12000 series 12,000 btu portable air conditioner! now with eco-friendly r-410a refrigerant, these portable air conditioners cool areas up to 350 square feet. watch the ac-12000e and ac-12000h video to learn more. newair ac-10000e portable air conditioner features redesigned for this year and featuring an incredibly compact size that takes up little room, this 10,000 btu portable ac unit is the perfect spot cooling solution for bedrooms, small offices, and personal spaces. watch our newair ac-10000e video to learn more. about sharp portable air conditioners sharp's line of sleek portable air conditioners are not only easy to move from room to room, they're also exceptionally quiet! all models feature sharp's patented library quiet technology. watch this sharp portable air conditioner video to learn more. newair ac-12000e portable air conditioner features and benefits the newair ac-12000e is one our best-selling and highly rated portable ac units. see what makes this portable air conditioner so popular by watching this ac-12000e video. mobilcomfort ky-80 portable air conditioner information if you're looking for a space-saving portable air conditioner, consider the mobilcomfort ky-80. this is the most compact portable unit on the market and cools small areas up to 125 square feet. watch our mobilcomfort ky-80 video to learn more. soleus lx-140 portable air conditioner information for the top of the line in portable comfort, look no further than the soleus lx-140 portable air conditioner. this 14,000 btu is one of our most powerful and covers 450 sq. ft. watch our soleus lx-140 video to learn more. soleus portable air conditioners features and benefits soleus is one of the world's top portable ac manufacturers. watch this short video to learn more about their top 3 units - the pe2-07-62db, the lx-120, and lx-140. back to video topics portable ice maker videos all about newair ice makers make ice in just minutes with a newair portable ice maker. these appliances are great for parties, barbecues, camping trips, and so much more. see our newair icemaker video here. how portable ice makers work have you always wanted to know how portable ice makers work? watch our ice maker video to see the entire ice making process from start to finish. newair ai-210ss portable ice maker features and benefits make ice in as little as 6 minutes with the newair ai-210ss portable ice maker. watch this video to see why this ice machine is our best-selling, most top of the line ice maker! back to video topics swamp cooler videos evaporative swamp cooler sale at air-n-water.com! for a limited time, four of our best selling swamp coolers are now on sale. watch this short video to learn more! evaporative cooler buying guide an evaporative cooler is an energy efficient, economical way to cool down the ambient temperature in your personal space, your home, or even a commercial area by as much as 20° f! watch this evaporative cooler buying guide video to learn more. how evaporative coolers work did you know that evaporative swamp coolers use between one-tenth and one-third the amount of electricity as an ac? watch our video on how evaporative coolers work here. saving money on your cooling bill with a swamp cooler don't waste money on air conditioning this summer when you can enjoy cooling for a fraction of the cost with a swamp cooler. learn how in our swamp cooler video. newair af-330 portable evaporative cooler features and benefits the af-330 cools the air using the simple evaporation of water and is many times more energy efficient than an ac. watch this newair af-330 video to learn more. newair af-350 portable swamp cooler video review why waste money on air conditioning when you can stay cool for less? view our newair af-350 swamp cooler video to see why this unit is a more eco-friendly cooling solution. symphony s-hi-cool portable evaporative cooler features and benefits effectively cool bedrooms and personal spaces with the symphony s-hi-cool swamp cooler. watch this video on the hi-cool to learn more. port-a-cool pac2k363s portable evaporative cooler video for heavy-duty cooling, you need an industrial-sized cooler such as a port-a-cool. the port-a-cool pac2k363s portable evaporative cooler cools areas up to 2,5000 square feet and cost just pennies a day to run. learn more by watching this pac2k363s video. port-a-cool pac163svt portable evaporative cooler video lower temperatures the eco-friendly way with the port-a-cool pac163svt portable evaporative cooler. this unit cools areas up to 900 square feet and is perfect for garages, warehouses and more. watch our video on the pac163svt to learn more. back to video topics wine cooler videos all about free standing wine coolers and cellars keep your favorite wines at the right temperature with a wine cooler. watch our wine cooler video to see how these great home appliances are an absolute "must have" for wine lovers. newair aw-181e and aw-281e wine cooler features the newair aw-181e and aw-281e line of wine coolers features stainless steel doors and chrome racks. these great looking units will fit in with any decor. watch this short video to learn more about these newair wine coolers. back to video topics dehumidifier videos newair ad-250 room dehumidifier features and benefits keep humidity levels under control with the brand new ad-250 dehumidifier from newair. this compact unit removes up to 25 pints of moisture daily and is great for small to medium sized rooms. watch this video on the ad-250 to learn more. soleus cfm40 room dehumidifier features and benefits control high humidity levels with the powerful soleus cfm40. this compact room dehumidifier eliminates up to 40 pints of moisture from your air per day and is one of our top sellers. watch this video on soleus cfm40 to learn more. back to video topics air purifier videos air oasis mbl175 mobile air purifier the air oasis mbl175 mobile air purifier is one of the most exciting air cleaners to hit the market. this unit uses a 4-step purification process and covers up to 175 sq. ft. watch our air oasis video to learn more. an introduction to blueair air purifiers blueair is dedicated to designing and manufacturing some of the best air purification systems in the world. learn more about blueair air purifiers by watching this short video. mammoth elite air purifier features & benefits the mammoth elite utilizes advanced uvc and pco purification technologies that are proven to solve contamination problems in homes, businesses, medical facilities and more. watch this video on the mammoth elite air purifier. mammoth 1000 uv air purifier features & benefits start breathing healthier, cleaner air with the mammoth 1000 uv air purifier. the air cleaner utilizes an advanced 6 stage filtration process and covers areas up to 3,500 square feet. learn more by watching our short video on the mammoth 1000! back to video topics air circulator videos newair af-310 evaporative cooling fan video save money this summer by using a fan instead of your ac. the newair af-310 works as a fan, humidifier, air purifier, and evaporative cooler in one! see our af-310 video here. how the vornado v103 under counter air circulator / fan works the new vornado v103 air circulator and electric fan installs under cabinets and delivers high performance and whisper quiet operation - just like any other vornado fan. learn more about the vornado v103 fan by watching this video. back to video topics heater videos space heater buying guide to save money on your heating bill this winter, try using a space heater. when you heat just the rooms you're in, you rely less on your central heating system. watch our space heater video guide to learn more about the different types of portable heaters available. electric fireplace heater features and benefits add ambience and warmth with an electric fireplace heater. these heaters are built to resemble actual wood-burning fireplaces but without the mess. watch this short video to learn more. introducing the newair ah-410 oil filled space heater stay warm this winter with our newest space heater - the newair ah-410. this 700 watt oil filled heater is energy efficient, compact and great for heating up bedrooms and personal spaces. watch this video on the ah-410 to learn more. dimplex ds2205 electric fireplace heater features and benefits the sturdy dimplex ds2205 electric fireplace heater is the perfect addition for your home if you want a stylish source of warmth without the mess and safety issues of a real fireplace. watch this video on the dimplex ds2205 to learn more. redcore 1500 infrared space heater reduce your winter heating bills with the new redcore 1500. this space heater uses infrared technology to provide instant heat. it also doubles as a humidifier and air purifier. watch our redcore heater video to learn more. an introduction to soleus electric heaters lower your energy bill and add quick comfort with a soleus electric heater. watch our video to learn more about three popular soleus space heaters. newair g73 electric garage heater features and benefits the newair g73 boasts an amazing 17,100 btus of heat that allows it to meet a variety of heating requirements for large areas up to 500 square feet. watch this video to learn more. back to video topics vacuum cleaner videos how to choose a vacuum cleaner confused about whether you need a canister or upright vacuum? not sure if a bagless vacuum is right for you? watch our vacuum buying guide video to see what type of vacuum you need. back to video topics miscellaneous videos all about clover water dispensers looking for an alternative to the boring water dispensers offered by your water delivery service? clover water coolers are constructed of uv protected polyethylene and feature hygienic steel tanks. watch this short clover water dispenser video for more information. air & water summer cooling tips looking for an efficient way to beat the heat? see our short silent film clip on some of top portable ac, swamp cooler, and electric fan picks for the summer here. back to video topics heating space heaters garage heaters wall heaters baseboard heaters electric fireplaces patio heaters see all heaters humidity control dehumidifiers dehumidifier buying guide humidifiers humidistats electric fans window fans wall fans portable fans see all fans home appliances portable ice makers water dispensers wine coolers vacuum cleaners air purifiers shower head filters coffee & espresso water filters grills thermostats & valves air conditioning portable air conditioners recommended ac's portable ac comparisons evaporative coolers swamp coolers recommended coolers testimonials "i have had a great experience all the way around." - jan "customer service was very professional and seemed genuinely concerned about my needs." - jackie "everything went extremely well with my shopping experience." - michael clearance items media blog video library toll free: 800-734-0405 local: 714-241-4328 fax: 714-200-0665 1100 s. linwood ave. bldg. b santa ana, ca 92705 save on shipping -- select products are available for local pick up -- call and come pick up your purchase! product guides - product reviews - about us - contact us - returns - blog - purchase orders copyright 2010 air & water and air-n-water.com. all rights reserved.