来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121119025001/http://www.air-n-water.com/blog/
================================================================================

air & water, inc. blog - the portable appliance experts helping over 350,000 customers find the right product since 2002 portable air conditioners swamp coolers portable ice makers ice makers electric fans mon-fri: 7 am - 5:30 pm pst search home about us privacy faq shipping contact us purchase orders blog post navigation ← older posts celebrating air & water’s 10th anniversary! posted on october 26, 2012 comment this month was the mark of air & water’s 10th anniversary. only about 30% of companies make it to 10 years so this is very big accomplishment. to celebrate the occasion, air & water staff and friends enjoyed an evening at the orange hill restaurant. the restaurant features an amazing view of orange county. it was a great evening including a delicious meal, games and lots of prizes. the company was founded in 2002 and at the time there were only a few heating and cooling products available for purchase. there also wasn’t a warehouse back then and the owner was operating out of his home. since then, the company has grown exponentially selling over 5,000 products that include a large variety of home appliances, wine and beverage coolers, dehumidifiers and many more. also, the company now occupies a large warehouse. over the years air & water has helped hundreds of thousands of customers all across the country. one of the reasons the company has been able to strive is because of its loyal employees. several employees have been around for 5 years or more, which is unusual now days. one employee was honored for being with the company for almost a decade! we’ve enjoyed providing our customers with quality products and great customer service for the past 10 years and we look forward continuing to do that for another 10 years! posted in company, people | tagged 10 year anniversary, air & water, anniversary party, company, company history, party | leave a comment mammoth air purifier classic sweepstakes posted on september 13, 2012 comment we’re excited to announce our latest sweepstakes, a fall air purifier giveaway! that’s right, were giving away a mammoth air classic air purifier! to enter, simply visit our contest page on facebook here. the mammoth air classic air purifier is a great way to keep your home air clean with true 99.97% effective hepa filtration, an activated carbon filter, and dual stage ozone emitting filtration. our full review of the mammoth air classic can be found here. we’ve taken an in-depth look at the classic and love it’s simple yet effective design. with only two controls operating the mammoth air classic couldn’t be easier. remember, entering is super easy, just head over to our facebook page here! the contest is open until september 24th, 2012 so hurry to get your entry in! posted in air purifier, air purifier, company, purification | tagged air purifier, contest, facebook, giveaway, home air, mammoth, mammoth air classic, sweepstakes | leave a comment august review of the month winner! posted on september 6, 2012 comment congratulations to… “rc728″ for winning august’s customer review $100 cash prize! our august review of the month winner come from a unique location, the logar province of afghanistan! we’re excited that one of our products is helping those that proudly serve feel a little more at home. do you own any of our products? we want to know how satisfied you are with your purchase. after writing and submitting your product review, you’ll be entered to win $100 in cash. a new winner will be chosen every month and notified through email. the customer review can be found here: best quality of this unit is it’s reliability! best quality of this unit is it’s reliability! overall rating: 5 stars product construction: 5 star easy to use: 5 star quality of ice produced: 5 stars product performance: 5 stars ice making speed: 5 stars would recommend to a friend: yes review title: best quality of this unit is it’s reliability! “i’m writing this review from my post in afghanistan and i can tell you that all of us here find having ice as one of those simple pleasures that reminds us of home. having ice water is more refreshing than air conditioning. we rely on the the newair ice maker to make ice, 24/7 in this environment and it’s performance has been exceptional. the unit is rock solid and easy to use; just pour water in and ice is ready in a matter of minutes. it’s amazing how many friends you make when you have ice and it’s 106 degrees! i highly recommend this ice maker.” reviewed on newair ai-100r portable ice maker additional review information: reviewer id: z6k6tutd64ismlelrn1nkgzogr nickname: rc728 location: logar, afghanistan thank you again! “rc728″ we appreciate your feedback and hope to hear from you again soon! posted in company, ice | tagged afghanistan, ai-100r, ice maker, military, newair, review, review of the month | leave a comment newair ai-150ss ice maker review posted on september 4, 2012 comment if you’re in the market for a portable ice maker it’s likely that you are familiar with the traditional top opening ice maker design. the newair ai-150ss breaks away from this idea and instead features a slide out tray. this design is great because it lets you set the ice maker on your counter underneath your cabinets without having to worry about the clearance between the cabinets and a top opening door. the attractive stainless steel and black finish go great with many kitchens as well although we did find that finger prints were very visible on the stainless steel. we suggest investing in a stainless steel cleaner to keep this to a minimum. when we first got our newair ai-150ss review unit we were immediately surprised by how simple it was to use. there are literally only two buttons on the ice maker, simply on and off. there are no adjustments or settings to worry about, just plug the newair ai-150ss in, fill the water reservoir, and press the on button. there are four indicator lights on the front of the unit that give you the status of the ice maker. the four lights indicate power, if the unit is making ice, if the ice bin is full, and if the ice maker is low on water. our review unit took about 10 minutes to make a load of ice (6 cubes at a time). at first the cubes that the unit made were small and wet. within 30 minutes though the cubes were sizable and much colder. the picture below is a great example of how many cubes you should expect in the first 30 minutes. you can see the difference in cube size and wetness as the ice maker starts cooling down. after the first few loads the ice maker really starts making a lot of ice. within an hour you will have dozens of sizable cubes. over a full day the newair ai-150ss will make 24lbs. of ice as long as you continue to empty the tray and keep the water level topped up. conveniently, the newair ai-150ss also has an automatic shut off that turns the unit off once the ice fills the tray to a certain level. once you’ve removed some ice from the tray you simply press the on button again to let the machine continue making ice. we recommend putting the ice in a freezer as soon as possible after its made because the ai-150ss (like most ice makers) does not keep the ice cold and it will melt eventually. we did find that adding water to the reservoir could be a bit of a task since it is located underneath the main ice tray. you can either open the tray and add water by pouring it over the cubes in the tray or pull the ice tray out and fill the reservoir directly. we prefer pulling out the tray and filling it that way as it is much easier to judge the water level and fill without spilling water. the ice maker does come with a serving scoop and a small container to measure out the amount of ice you’d like to use. the container can also be used to fill up the unit but its small capacity means you’ll be making many trips to and from the water source in order to fill the water reservoir. the rear of the ice maker also features a master power switch and a water drain plug that lets you drain the reservoir. to drain the unit we simply set it next to a sink so the drain plug was facing the basin and opened the plug to let it drain into the sink. overall we loved the newair ai-150ss. it looks great, makes plenty of ice for daily usage, and the slide out tray and one button operation makes it simple to use. if you’re looking for an easy to use ice maker that is attractive and functional while still coming in at a great price point then look no further than the newair ai-150ss. for more information on the newair ai-150ss see our product listing here. posted in ice, kitchen appliances | tagged ai-150ss, ai150ss, cube, ice, ice maker, icemaker, newair, stainless steel | leave a comment mammoth air classic air purifier review posted on august 29, 2012 comment we love getting in new review units to try out here at the air & water office. the latest item to show up is the mammoth air classic air purifier. it’s a simple air purifier that features hepa filtration, a negative ion generator, an ozone generator, and an activated carbon filter. we were eager to see how much it could clean up the air in our space. when we first unpacked the box we were impressed with the finish of the classic and found the rich wood grain attractive and the controls solid. there is a bit of setup required before you run the mammoth classic so you should give the manual a quick read. we had ours ready to go in about 5 minutes, sliding in the ceramic ozone plates is a quick task. the mammoth air classic is very easy to use and has nothing more than a plug and two controls. one knob controls the fan speed and ionization while the other allows you to turn the ozone generator on and adjust it’s output. we kept the ozone knob on low when we were not in the space as to avoid putting too much into the air. it’s worth noting that while the classic is rated to keep up to 3,000 sq. ft. clean when using the ozone generator, it is rated to clean about 600 sq. ft. using the standard hepa and carbon filters. either way the classic air purifier is up for keeping a large room clean of any dust or foreign contaminants that may be in the air. when we used the mammoth air classic in our office for a day we were shocked by how much of a difference it made. small odors that we had become accustomed to in our space were suddenly gone and we all found ourselves breathing considerably better by the end of the day. to give you a better idea of what goes on in the mammoth air classic we went ahead and removed the rear filters to show you the inside. the washable hepa filter is held in place by two simple thumb screws that were easy to remove. behind the hepa filter in this shot you can see the activated carbon filter and its pull tab used to remove it from the air purifier. once the carbon filter is removed you will see the dual stage ozone generators. the plates that are used to generate ozone are very simple to slide in and out and take seconds to install. the classic air purifier can be operated with or without the ozone plates installed depending on your preference. if left uninstalled the ozone control knob on the front of the unit will have no effect on the classic’s performance. looking further into the unit you will see the fan that moves the air through the unit and if you look closely near the fan at the front you will see two small metal prongs that are used to disperse negative ions that help remove dust from the air. here you can see that we have the filter back in place to show you the back of the unit. the fuse in this picture protects the unit from surges and is very simple to replace. the plug hookup is a standard reverse three prong plug and a cord is provided. in all the mammoth air purifier classic air purifier is incredibly easy to use and its $179.99 price tag makes it a great buy for keeping your home or office space clean of airborne contaminants.  if you would like more information about the mammoth air purifier classic air purifier you can find our product listing here. posted in air purifier, purification | tagged air, air purifier, cleaner, filter, hepa, mammoth, ozone | leave a comment newair af-410bk vortex fan review posted on august 21, 2012 comment when the first shipment of newair af-410bk fans arrived at our warehouse we were eager to try one and see if this interesting little fan could match its cool looks with actual cooling. pulling the fan out of the box it was immediately apparent that this fan was quite a bit different than most of the fans we sell on our site. firstly, there is almost no setup required with the af-410bk. simply open the box, screw the pole into the base, and attach the fan to the top of the pole. that really is all there is to it, just plug it in and enjoy a great cool breeze. once we had that all done it was quickly apparent that the fan delivered some serious air for being such a small unit. even though the fan only has a 12” diameter it moves as much air as many of the larger fans we carry. in the video above you can see the steep angle of the fan blades that helps the fan move so much air. this does however come with a downside. while the fan does move a lot of air it also makes a fair deal of noise when you turn it on the high setting. we preferred leaving it on the low or medium setting most of the time. the vortex design does make the af-410bk incredibly useful even on the low speed settings. the air delivered by the fan is in a very tight pattern that moves through the whole room without dissipating. this means that you still feel a great breeze from much further distances than you would with other fans. the key to this seems to be the long fan shroud that directs the air in the tight “vortex” pattern. it really does make a difference when you’re on the other side of the room. on top of the long range of the fan you can adapt the fan for almost any situation by changing it into its desktop configuration or adjusting the fan head up or down. for example, if you’re looking to keep you room warm during the winter you can rotate the fan head almost straight up to keep the air moving throughout the room. on the other hand, if you’re hot in the summer you can open the window and set the fan on the ledge in its desktop configuration to bring fresh air into your room. it also has helpful digital timer that lets you set the unit to turn off in 1, 2, 4, or 8 hours so you’ll be able to fall sleep with the fan on without worrying about waiting energy during the night. you don’t even have to get up to change the settings on the fan as it has a great little remote that lets you control everything on the fan, even the back and forth swing and timer. whatever you use the af-410bk for, we’re confident that it’ll be up to the task. since we unpacked our review unit we’ve used it daily to keep the air moving around our office and love its sturdy construction and easy to use controls. we leave it in “swing” mode and it keeps the ac from our vents moving around the room perfectly. to take a look a closer look at the fan on our website, click here. posted in company, cooling | tagged af-410bk, fan, newair, pedestal fan, tabletop fan, vortex fan | leave a comment port-a-cool cyclone 2000 review posted on august 13, 2012 comment when looking at ways to stay cool during the hot months of summer there are few options as efficient or effective as evaporative cooling. the port-a-cool cyclone 2000 we’re looking at in this post is perfect for a wide range of situations. whether you want to cool at home or in a commercial setting, the cyclone series will be up to the task. here at air & water we’re a big fan of the entire port-a-cool lineup and use them in our warehouse as spot coolers in the areas with a lot of traffic. over the years our port-a-cool units have seen tons of abuse and near constant summertime use and have yet to disappoint in any way. another great reason we like our port-a-cool evap coolers is how incredibly simple they are to use. the only setup required is filling the water tank and plugging the unit in. they can be filled using a simple hose hookup or a fill port on the rear of the unit. once the unit is ready plugged in and filled with water there are three controls on the unit. you can set the fan speed for low or high, turn the water pump on or off, and adjust the water flow rate over the evaporative cooling pads. this makes it very easy to have great cooling within minutes of opening the box. we have to say that when the cyclone 2000 is on the high (2,000cfm) fan mode it is quite loud. this option does deliver a substantial amount of air movement though, especially for the size of the unit. speaking of size, the paccyc02 is a bit larger than you might expect, you can get a good sense of scale in the video above. also, when filled with water the unit can be quite heavy, and will need two people to lift for loading or moving up stairs. however, when on the ground it is incredibly easy to move thanks to the industrial casters. while we use our cyclone in our warehouse it is great for a wide variety of situations. common customer usage includes greenhouses, garages, workshops, patios, and even in-home usage. truthfully we’d recommend using it in an area that will not be ruined by moisture as evaporative coolers like the cyclone 2000 tend to add a fair deal of humidity to the air. the entire port-a-cool line is best for those looking for commercial, outdoor, or garage usage as they are designed to take the abuses of hard use and you pay for the durability. if you simply want to stay cool inside your home port-a-cool offers their kuulaire line. as you can see in our photos, our units have had their share of hard use and have never had issues coping. if you need serious cooling, near indestructible durability, and inexpensive operating costs than a port-a-cool is your best option, hands down. depending on the size of your space the cyclone 2000 may be the right unit for the job too. to take a look at the cyclone 2000 see the product listing on our site here. posted in company, cooling | tagged cyclone 2000, evap cooler, evaporative cooler, port-a-cool, portacool, swamp cooler | leave a comment congratulations to our $100 winner for july! posted on august 7, 2012 comment congratulations to… “hubblebubbler” for winning july’s customer review $100 cash prize! do you own any of our products? we want to know how satisfied you are with your purchase. after writing and submitting your product review, you’ll be entered to win $100 in cash. a new winner will be chosen every month and notified through email. the customer review can be found here: excellent product backed by excellent customer service! excellent product backed by excellent customer service! overall rating: 5 stars product construction: 5 star attractive design: 5 star accurate temperature control: 4 stars product performance: 5 stars noise level: 5 stars would recommend to a friend: yes review title: excellent product backed by excellent customer service! “bought this wine cooler to be used as a humidor (which seems to be a very popular model to do so) and it has held up just perfect. i am thinking about purchasing a second one really soon here. as for the customer service, it was stellar. i received the cooler within 3 days of placing my order! only downside (which really isn’t a big deal) was there was a pretty good little ding in the back. it was only superficial being that it is on the back side but i still had to let customer service know and within minutes, they resolved the minor issue by giving me a $15.00 refund. awesome! now know that it wasn’t even air n water’s fault but more so the packaging at the manufacturer but they stepped up and took care of it. lastly, the price plus warranty for 4 years was hard to pass up! will buy from again!” reviewed on newair aw-280e 28 bottle thermoelectric wine cooler additional review information: reviewer id: zll41qegfal5c2ekyxx5ana2bq nickname: hubblebubbler location: portland, or thank you again! “hubblebubbler” we appreciate your feedback and hope to hear from you again soon! posted in air conditioners, company | tagged cash prize, prize, review, review of the month | leave a comment dehumidifier showdown – our top 4 picks posted on july 27, 2012 comment a dehumidifier can be a vital appliance when you are faced with moisture problems. whether it’s your basement or living space, moisture damage can quickly become a problem if your indoor humidity is over 60%. we’ve taken a close look at the entire range of dehumidifiers we sell at air & water and come up with our top pick for every size space. each of the 4 dehumidifiers are well received and show consistently good reviews on our site as well as around the internet. our in-depth look at each will let you decide which is best suited for your needs. you’ll know if you need a dehumidifier if you notice things like a musky smell, condensation, or mold growth. without the right dehumidifier you may be at risk for health problems and long term damage to your home. eva-dry edv-2200, best small dehumidifier the eva-dry edv-2200 is perfect for small spaces like a bathroom or bedroom. ideally used in spaces under 800 sq.ft., the edv-2200 is perfect for rv’s or boats as well. this unit isn’t designed to remove significant amounts of moisture from the air (only 1.3 pints a day) so it’s best for keeping areas dry, not for fixing a major moisture problem. newair ad-250, simple mid-range dehumidifier the ad-250 is a step up from the eva-dry and designed to take considerably more water out of the air. it’s rated at 25 pints a day and will take care of moisture problems in areas up to 2,000 sq.ft. the ad-250 is ideal for a large basement or space that always seems to have that damp, musky feel to it. the continuous drainage is a real plus, especially if your basement has drain in the floor; you’ll never have to worry about emptying the bucket again! newair ad-400, premium mid-range dehumidifier if you want a dehumidifier that can really power through your battle with excess humidity the ad-400 is going to be a full featured and powerful choice. it can remove up to 40 pints of water from the air in a day and will be an effective choice for areas up to 2,500 sq.ft. it’s great digital display and advanced features like a humidistat and ionizer make it a true premium offering that will keep almost any home comfortable. danby ddr7009ree, best high capacity dehumidifier the ddr7009ree is a truly full featured dehumidifier. if you need to fix major moisture problems in a large space there are few dehumidifiers that rival this unit. able to pull 70 pints of water a day and cover a space of up to 3,800 sq.ft., there are few jobs this humidifier isn’t able to tackle. the 7009 even come with a remote control so you don’t have to bend down to use it! whatever humidity problems you have there is surly a dehumidifier on this list that will be a perfect solution.stop suffering with stuffy, moist rooms and the mold that comes with it. to further review the humidifiers in our comparison take a look at this helpful side-by-side feature comparison on our site. posted in humidity | tagged comparison, danby, dehumidifier, eva-dry, newair, review | leave a comment repairing your air conditioner posted on july 24, 2012 comment basic maintenance is often something that we overlook when it comes to most appliances we use. we often assume that if something is working it will continue to work just fine when we need to use it next time. with an air conditioner this is particularly important. unfortunately, there are some basic steps you should take that will let you enjoy both reliable and safe operation. our helpful infographic shows you just how important this maintenance can be not only to staying cool but also to your safety. when you bring your portable or window ac out for the summer months it’s vital that you make sure it does not need any repairs. stop disregarding your safety and the safety of those around you. make sure to inspect and repair any damage to your air conditioner right away. even if your not having any problems with your air conditioner it’s worth the 15 minutes it takes to take a look at your unit at the beginning of every summer. posted in air conditioners, cooling, infographic | tagged air conditioner, broken, fire, hazzard, infographic | leave a comment post navigation ← older posts air & water, inc. blog home page air-n-water rss recent posts celebrating air & water’s 10th anniversary! mammoth air purifier classic sweepstakes august review of the month winner! newair ai-150ss ice maker review mammoth air classic air purifier review recent commentsken rodoni on blast from the past: electric fans then and nowessickair on commercial evaporative cooler guidejoe hirsch on summertime sweepstakes – win a newair af-520!quora on blast from the past: air conditioninggustav on wine coolers are on everyone’s wishlistarchives october 2012 september 2012 august 2012 july 2012 june 2012 may 2012 april 2012 march 2012 february 2012 january 2012 december 2011 november 2011 october 2011 september 2011 august 2011 july 2011 june 2011 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 february 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 categories air conditioners air purifier air purifier bbq beer blast from the past coffee company cooling coupons heating home care humidity ice infographic kitchen appliances people purification sales tea uncategorized water wine space heaters compare top heaters best space heaters garage heaters best garage heaters garage heater installation guide baseboard heaters wall heaters electric fireplaces product guides blog purchase orders about us contact us returns twitter youtube facebook blog copyright 2012 air & water and air-n-water.com. all rights reserved.