来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131217130609/http://www.air-n-water.com/blog/
================================================================================

air & water, inc. blog - the portable appliance experts helping over 350,000 customers find the right product since 2002 portable air conditioners swamp coolers portable ice makers ice makers electric fans mon-fri: 7 am - 5:30 pm pst search home about us privacy faq shipping contact us purchase orders blog post navigation ← older posts ugly holiday sweater competition posted on december 23, 2013 comment have you had the opportunity to model your ugly sweater this season? if not, now’s your chance, because as it is the season of goodwill, we at air & water have decided to give our customers a special treat this christmas. all you have to do is pull out your ugly holiday sweater and send us a picture. the rules are pretty simple, all you have to do is take a picture of you wearing the sweater and then post it to us on facebook. the winner will be determined by the amount of likes each picture gets. so it’s important to share this competition with all your facebook friends, to ensure you get as many likes as possible. the lucky winner will receive a luma comfort humidifier. this luxury product is desired by so many people, so why not be in with a chance to make your home super elegant. competition ends december 31st. best of luck to everyone who enters and we wish you all a merry christmas. posted in uncategorized | leave a comment gifting the cigar aficionado you know! posted on december 19, 2013 comment have you got a cigar lover in your life? what's in their christmas wish list? we have some of the top humidors in-stock and a list of fine cigars for you to fill it with. so why not surprise the aficionado in your life. top humidors humidors come in a variety of shapes and sizes. when choosing the perfect humidor there are a number of things to take into consideration to guarantee a perfect purchase: size size your humidor slightly larger than the collection. if your cigar lover has a collection of 24 cigars, then double the size of the humidor so the collection has room to grow. one of the key components to a perfect cigar is allowing it room to breathe. interior design remember to look for is kiln dried spanish cedar lining, drawers, and shelves. spanish cedar absorbs humidity to help preserve the collection and prevent the hatching and maturation of the tobacco beetle. no-one wants the tobacco beetle to bore its way through a costly collection of cigars. moreover, spanish cedar doesn't warp the way other woods do, so your humidor will always maintain its proper structure. another thing to consider is the seal. if you’re going to store your cigars at the proper humidity levels, then you want to be sure the humidor can maintain them. when you close the lid, you want the moisture to be sealed inside. exterior styling be sure to select a humidor that everyone will love. choose from black lacquer, burl wood or cherry wood. also, be sure your cigar humidor has a lock, you don't want anyone sneaking from your fabulous collection. another popular feature is the humidistat,this gauge displays the humidity levels on the exterior so the interior can be properly monitored. some of the most popular gift sets this season include: 1. prestige import group chb chamberlain 75 count humidor gift setthis humidor holds up to 75 cigars and includes a high-gloss cherry wood exterior. it includes a humidifier and a hygrometer to properly manage humidity levels and features spanish cedar lining. this gift set includes a cutter, hygrometer and humidifier, plus a wood and crystal ashtray for ashes. 2. quality importers hum-75blk milano 100 count cigar humidorthis humidor stores up to 100 cigars and includes kiln dried spanish cedar interior, clear glass lid with sureseal technology, and humidifier with a humidistat to monitor interior humidity levels. 3. prestige import group bryn brynmor 120 count cigar humidorthis is a great upgrade for the collector you know or a great starter piece. it's beautifully crafted with a black lacquer exterior and kiln dried spanish cedar interior. it stores up to 120 cigars and has a humidistat with hygrometer to help maintain desirable humidity levels. top cigars the taste of a cigar is like that of wine, everyone like something different. to get your aficionado started on the right foot, stock the humidor with the following cigars as reviewed and rated for superior artisanship and taste. 1. flor de las antillas toro offers a flavor like no other.with a gentle, rounded box press and evenly colored wrapper, this cigar looks beautiful. the delicious flavor boasts a tasteful amount of nutmeg and white pepper without being overpowering. 2. romeo by romeo y julieta piramide is made in the dominican republic. this refined cigar treats the palate to a brawny core of black and red pepper spice, savory leather, and the sweet flavor of raisins and dried fruit. enjoy a great balance of sweet, salty, and spice that’s both elegant and strong. 3. crafted in honor of the patriarch jose padron on his 85th birthday, the padron family reserve 85 years is a sophisticated, rare, and delicious addition to the padron line of cigars. there are two varieties natural and maduro. they impart a complex, earthy flavor with a touch of herb, black cherry and black truffle. 4. the ashton heritage puro sol belicoso no. 2 packs great flavor in a compact design. less than 5” long and sporting a ring gauge of 49, this slender cigar is rich in flavor and beautifully balanced. handsome notes of leather, coffee, and a chocolate sweetness are brought together to impart a pleasant flavor. 5. a total success, the rocky patel 50 robusto ranks number 5. this cigar boasts multifaceted flavors that range from coffee and coconut to blackberry and licorice. the dark ecuadoran habano-seed oscuro wrapper is handsome and elegant. there were only 2,000 of these cigars made so if you find one enjoy! 6. shower your palate with spices, nuts, a bit of leather, and a sweet nougat finish with the la flor dominicana cameroon cabinet chisel. it comes out of the dominican republic, and is unique in design. 7. the bolivar dates back to the 1900s. the bolivar belicoso fino is a strong smoke that denotes lots of flavors ranging from hearty leather to semisweet chocolate and cedar. it’s bold, rich, and full-bodied. 8. measuring a mere 4.5” with a ring gauge of only 40, this cigar is a strong one. the la palina el diario k b is full-bodied and meaty, containing concentrated notes of pepper, cedar, and earth. 9. toasty, savory, and featuring some berry sweetness, the alec bradley fine & rare limited edition is a medium to full-bodied cigar that contains more tobacco than most brands. designed to hold 10 tobacco leaves at a time, this cigar measures 6” long and has a 52 ring gauge. 10. made with dark, high priming wrappers and nicaraguan filler, the oliva serie v belicoso has a profoundly savory character that leaves a distinct impression of leather and nuts, with a sweet and spicy undertone. have a happy holiday and don’t forget to share! posted in uncategorized | leave a comment 10 great survival tips to get you through the holidays! posted on december 17, 2013 comment 1. budgeting in this economy, it’s more important than ever to save as much money as possible. faced with the dilemma of having more holiday cheer than cash, you need to make smart spending decisions. here are a few tips to help. purchase from sites that discount 50-90%. sites like groupon.com, livingsocial.com, and buywithme.com sell items at wallet-friendly prices. set aside a little pre-holiday money. even though christmas is around the corner, buying early can save you an extra 14%. look for free shipping ads. hunt for free shipping codes on freeshipping.org or retailmenot.com. site-to-site comparative shopping leads to free shipping on a large variety of products. most online retailers offer free shipping. shop at night. checking for deals at midnight usually results in great savings; otherwise, shop at 4am and reap the rewards. if you’re an avid shopper you probably already know this, but review all the flyers some of your favorite retailers are sending you and price compare. friend retailers on facebook and receive coupons made especially for valued customers. you might be invited to a private shopping event. when making a big purchase, take a picture of the bar code with your phone upload it on competetor shopping sites, and compare. this is a great way to get the most for your money. 2. seasonal work for all times are tough but during the holiday season there is always lots of work available. retailers are clamoring for seasonal help, so apply for seasonal jobs, and who knows, it could lead to a permanent position. 3. stay active nearly everyone puts on weight during the holidays. so stay active and use portion control techniques so you can partake in the festivities and in a healthy way. there’s no need to pass on the colorful cookie tray. simply enjoy in moderation and exercise it off as you go! 4. use led lights led lights are safer than incandescent lights because they are cooler; moreover, they keep energy costs down. don’t let decorating for christmas put a dent in your pocketbook. using led lights is a great way to light up your christmas world in a cost effective way. 5. volunteer helping out at the local mission serving food, collecting donations, or simply picking up the slack is a great way to give back. show your love for others and reap the rewards. visit volunteermatch.org and find the perfect fit for you. 6. traveling traveling is both fun and a chore. you’re excited to get where you’re going, but there is always the drudgery of packing what you need, checking luggage, and standing in long security lines. simplify your routine and carryon as much as possible. be sure to pack your “must haves” in your carryon just in case your luggage gets lost. 7. recycle holiday waste keep your green flag blowing with the wind in the new year by becoming more involved in recycling. kick start your new year by recycling your christmas tress instead of just dropping it in the landfill. a great idea is to make your own mulch. simply remove all the ornaments and cut the tree into smaller pieces. it can help regulate soil temperatures and control weeds and reduce water loss. another idea is to use it as a bird sanctuary. provide local wild life with shelter. remove all the tinsel and decorations, secure the tree in a stand, and provide the birds with food and water. 8. safety ratings most of you are probable asking yourself what is a safety rating? it’s a non governmental classification society that establishes and maintains technical standards. its really important to pay careful attention to safety ratings when shopping for all kinds of wonderful things, including but not limited to toys, electronics and especially household appliances. there are a variety of safety standards including ul or underwriters laboratory and ansi or the american national standards institute. underwrites laboratory evaluates commercial and residential appliances and much more. they certify, test, inspect and audit your products, so with their safety seal you know your protecting yourself and your family. 9. safe food storage follow the fda food handling safety guide to prevent food-borne illness and ensure everyone has a healthy and happy holiday season. for example, thaw your turkey in the fridge at a temperature set below 40°f. use a meat thermometer to be sure your turkey is done. the temperature should reach 165° f, and follow the two-hour rule and be sure to package and store leftovers within the two hour mark. 10. holiday blues to prevent the holiday blues, keep up with family and friends. reminiscing with people you care about keeps the spirits up. indulge in a hot bubble bath, relax with a good book in front of the fire, treat yourself to a massage or spend some time with the family pet. the holidays are a busy time and you deserve some rest and relaxation. how are you getting through the holidays and what are you doing to decompress? share your thoughts and ideas with us! we love to hear form our followers. posted in uncategorized | leave a comment how dedicated aficionados use cigar humidors posted on december 3, 2013 comment collecting fine cigars is like collecting wine. cigars are organic and quite sensitive to their environment. they are the product of a carefully controlled combination of temperature and moisture. the first thing you should know about cigars is that they should be stored in a humidor. a humidor is an elegant and simple device that stores cigars under the same environmental conditions in which the tobacco was grown, fermented, and rolled. leaving cigars out in an air-conditioned or heated room causes them to dry out and die. poor storage conditions can destroy a cigar in under an hour. because of the moist conditions inside a humidor, you can keep cigars for many years. most aficionados have more than one humidor. they have a larger cabinet that stays at home and a portable one that holds a small supply. inside a humidor, the scents from various cigars can mingle or marry and cause subtle shifts in flavor. a humidor is a storage container that controls airflow and moisture. a good humidor maintains an internal humidity of 70-75% and an internal temperature of 68-70 degrees f. without something to maintain humidity and temperature levels, it is not a humidor; it is just a box. humidors come in all sorts of shapes and sizes. some hold hundreds of cigars and some are travel-sized and hold only a few.  a humidor is not a sealed environment. inside an airtight container, cigars might become moldy. there has to be optimal airflow. for this reason, it is best to leave some space between cigars and not store them too tightly together. why manage humidity and temperature? prestige import group prb princeton bubinga 130 count cigar humidor a cigar humidor needs a way to maintain humidity levels.  some come with humidifiers and some do not. you don’t necessarily need a humidifier. using distilled water, you can place a wet sponge in a little bowl inside the humidor to help maintain moisture levels, set a shot glass of water in the corner of the humidor, dampen the walls, or use propylene glycol. propylene glycol is a chemical substance that attracts and holds water. a stable, harmonious solution, it is often used in humidors to increase humidity. once the desired humidity level is reached, get a hygrometer to monitor it. if you don’t have one then simply check your collection regularly. one way to know if humidity levels are good is to examine the cigar. if it is exuding oil, then the humidity levels are where they should be. if not, then the levels are probably too low, causing your cigars to dry out. you also need a thermometer to monitor temperature levels. anything above 72 degrees for any 24-hour period can cause a tobacco beetle infestation. these beetles burrow through humidors quite easily and can spoil your cigar collection. how do you know there is an infestation? small pin size holes are a sure sign that you have a problem. if tobacco beetles infest your humidor, throw away all the damaged cigars (extremely torn up, large holes) and freeze the others. freeze cigars for 72 hours then transfer them to the refrigerator for 24 hours. this process kills beetles and their larvae. wipe down the inside of your humidor carefully to get rid of any remaining eggs and beetles. use a damp cloth and distilled water only before returning the cigars to the humidor. to prevent this from happening again, keep an eye on the hygrometer we suggested you use and keep the humidor out of direct sunlight as this increases the interior temperature. temperature extremes can cause the beetles to infest your cigar collection again. a high relative humidity level can also cause the tobacco beetle to thrive. like mold, they breed in very damp conditions, which is why it is necessary to check your cigar collection daily. humidity levels should never exceed 70%. a balanced environment ensures a thriving, healthy collection. other helpful tips be sure your humidor has spanish cedar drawers and lining. this helps maintain moisture levels and prevents beetle infestation. get a good travel case to store cigars in while on the road. make sure its waterproof and crush proof. leather cases are not ideal. choose a small box style humidor. make sure you have a sharp cutter. a dull cutter can cause the unraveling of the wrapper. a guillotine or v-cutter is great and you need to have complete control over the cutting motion. lighting a cigar is important. never hold a flame to the foot of the cigar too long. this causes bitterness. toast the foot of the cigar before drawing air through. this ensures even lighting. also use a torch flame or cedar matches if the elements allow. don’t snub the end of your cigar in an ashtray like the way you do a cigarette. this releases a pungent tobacco smell that can bother some people. instead, place the cigar in the ashtray and let it slowly die out. posted in cigars | tagged cigar cooler, cigar coolers, humidor, humidors | leave a comment your thanksgiving dinner & the perfect wine posted on november 27, 2013 comment it’s that time of year and many of you are planning your thanksgiving menu! you’re stocking up your wine cooler and thinking about the best wine to serve with your holiday meal. before you fill it to the brim, consider the options below. they are sure to complement your thanksgiving meal perfectly. chardonnay is the go-to for most holiday meals. it is one of the most popular wines in america and complements a thanksgiving turkey beautifully. it’s a classic bridge for the fruity and nutty elements of a thanksgiving meal. two great options are woodbridge lightly oaked chardonnay and lange chardonnay willamette valley. both options impart a spicy sweetness that satisfies just about any palate. that being said, there are other options that you should try, so before you reach for the chardonnay, consider something different. below are some refreshing, tangy, and fruity options. chardonnay alternatives voignier is floral and fruity, low in acid, and includes essences of peach, apricot, and pear. it’s grown in popularity over the years and contains a high alcohol content of about 13%. it’s great with spicy foods, poultry, cheeses, fruits and more. chenin blanc is slightly sweet and high in acidity. try a high quality south african chenin blanc with thanksgiving dinner. try the 88 raats family 2011 original unwooded chenin blanc. sauvignon blanc is typically higher in acid, light and crisp, with herbaceous flavors. try the 2012 downes family vineyards sauvignon blanc sanctuary peak elgin valley. riesling can be dry or sweet. spicy fruit flavor with touches of peaches or apricots and a floral fragrance. any variety will do. gewurztraminer can also be both dry and sweet. these wines are highly aromatic with floral touches and spice notes such as cloves or nutmeg. a great option priced under $25 is the 2010 domaine barmes-buecher gewurztraminer herrenweg. serving a great red with your turkey dinner although many people don’t, you can serve red wine with your turkey dinner. it’s best to avoid cabernets because they are too tart and high in tannins to complement the turkey, but you can serve the following: pinot noir is one of the best red wines to pair with turkey. young wines are fruity with essence of plums, strawberries, cherries, and raspberries. older bottles have a smoky essence to them, so choose according to your palate. syrah, also known as shiraz, has strong spice and black pepper qualities. older bottles are fruitier and offer some smokiness. zinfandel offer lots of intense plum, jam flavors with spicy or peppery notes. beaujolais is a light and dry wine with fresh, fruity flavors. to achieve the best result choose more recent vintages and serve slightly chilled. if you want something a little lighter then shoot for a rose. rose wine is crisp, light, and fruity. it’s drier than a white zinfandel, and chilled it could be the perfect thing to serve with your hearty meal. with dessert… dessert deserves a wine all its own. you’ve opened the festivities with a sparkling wine, served red or white favorites with the meal, now you need an option to go with those delicious desserts you’ve been baking. below are a few ideas to get your started on the right foot. muscat can be white, light, and slightly sweet or dark, quiet, and sweet. it is musky and has an essence of oranges. port is a sweet and a heavy fortified wine. younger ports are fruitier and older ones are less sweet. sauternes comes from france and is delightfully sweet with notes of vanilla, pineapple, and peach. asti spumante is a sweet or semisweet sparkling wine from italy. more recommendations…great wine under $15 erath pinot gris 2008 $13 charles smith kung fu girl riesling 2009 $13 gruet brut champenoise nv $15 oine ridge chenin blanc voignier 2009 $14 haymen & hill russian river valley reserve selection chardonnay 2008 $14 bonny doon vineyard ca’ del solo muscat 2009 $15 pertinace barbera d’alba 2008 $15 georges dubceuf morgon jean descombes 2008 $15 matua valley marlborough pinot noir 2009 $14 montevina zinfandel 2006 $11 heartland stickleback red 2008 $12 planeta la segreta sicily igt 2008 $14 posted in wine cooler | tagged tips, wine, wine cooler, wine coolers | leave a comment holiday shopping news and what reliable retailer reviews have to do with it! posted on november 26, 2013 comment where do you go to read your reviews? there are numerous websites all designed to supply you with reviews on just about anything. reliable retailer reviews make online shopping a worry-free experience. knowing your purchase ships as indicated, arrives as expected, and works as advertised is important! taking ourselves out of the shopping mall and into the cyber world of online retail is gutsy and requires some reassurance. relying on photos, product descriptions, and business ethics to make a satisfactory purchase requires trust. how would it feel to receive a product that looks and acts differently than the one described or displayed in a photo? nearly every website you shop encourages you to “write a review.” as some companies have the power to decline negative reviews and promote only positive ones, you might need to be wary of what you’re reading. to avoid this, i suggest visiting reputable sites for a more authentic approach. whatever you’re surfing the internet for, the marketplaces below can help you decipher credible reviews from misleading ones. if you want to know how air-n-water.com rates in terms of product delivery, service, and prices, sites like shopper approved, nextag, and price grabber provide you with the insight you need. how they work: price grabber is an online marketplace that not only sells air-n-water merchandise but it also allows you to promote customer satisfaction. most consumers like to write reviews. they want to express their shopping experience. this tool is designed to help the consumer.shopper approved automatically collects, manages, and professionally displays customer ratings and reviews. their reviews are credible, and therefore quite influential. their star system rates company performance in terms of recommendation, shop again, price, product satisfaction and delivery time. like price grabber, nextag is an online marketplace with a “write a review” tab, so you can rate your shopping experience. this review process also includes star rating system. it also verifies whom the shopper is and what the purchase was to ensure an authentic and credible review. online gift giving and our gift ideas so as you take to the cyber world and do your online holiday shopping, use the tools to ensure a satisfying experience. now, for the gift giving! what are the most popular gifts this holiday season? technology is one of the number one gift items people reach for. otherwise, home goods, personal fare, games, movies, and music are all top sellers. what are you shopping for this holiday season? if you’re shopping for home goods, air & water has got you covered. offering a variety of kitchen appliances, wine coolers, heaters, humidors, grills and more, we have something to make a friend, family member, or spouse happy. below are a few gift ideas to get the juices stirring. newair aw-281e 28 bottle thermoelectric wine cooler 1. wine cooler a wine cooler is a great gift for the wine lover you know! the newair aw-281e wine cooler makes starting a wine collection or expanding one simple. fill it with wine, and give it to the wine connoisseur you know. 2. gas grill for the grill lover you know the napoleon u405p-3 gas grill has all the bells and whistles at an affordable price. large grilling surface, shelving, temperature gauge, 3 burners, sear plates and more, this unit makes grilling like a pro easy. 3. coffee maker if coffee is a morning tradition, why not upgrade to the gaggia 14101 espresso machine. make lattes and cappuccinos easily. this espresso machine used ground coffee or pods, froths milk in seconds, and memorizes your preferred espresso coffee. nostalgia electrics kpm-508 old fashioned kettle popcorn maker 4. popcorn maker create a little family fun this holiday season and add the nostalgia electrics kpm-508 popcorn maker to your cache of kitchen appliances. make up to 10 cups of popcorn at a time and turn movie night into an authentic movie experience. 5. chocolate fountain looking for a quick and easy way to make dessert? the nostalgia electrics cff-986 chocolate fountain increases family fun, adds a little something extra to the party you’re planning, and makes buffet service fun. uses chocolate, cheese, and more! 6. electric fireplace add a little bit of elegance to your home decor. the real flame 5950e electric fireplace mantel transforms the room and provides a realistic flame effect that you can enjoy this holiday season. your family or loved one will appreciate the way you can set this in just about any corner of the room, plug it in, and enjoy. 7. handheld vacuum make simple cleaning easy for the one you love. the vapamore mr-50 wet-dry handheld vacuum is a great gift idea. it preheats in 20 seconds, includes accessories, steam-cleans and vacuums in one easy step. newair cc-280e 400 count cigar cooler 8. humidor for that cigar lover you know, a humidor is a no fail gift. everyone can use a nice place to keep those collectibles. try the newair cc-280e cigar cooler. featuring a thermoelectric cooling system and hand-carved spanish cedar wood shelves. chances are you’re an air & water shopper already. if so, then you’ve experienced our quality customer service, product delivery and exceptional prices first hand. if this is your first visit, read the reviews and rest assured that your holiday shopping experience is in great hands. visit the air & water site for more recommended gift ideas. start on the right foot. our black friday, cyber monday, and holiday gift guide are in full swing! posted in company | tagged holiday, home appliances | leave a comment thanksgiving! 3 ways to cook your turkey posted on november 21, 2013 comment how are you cooking turkey this holiday season? will you bake, roast, slow cook, or smoke it? why not change it up a little this season? there are lots of recipes out there and many cooking tips to follow, all of which results in a great tasting turkey. try one of the turkey recipes below and serve it with your conventional stuffing, yams, and pumpkin pie. whatever your tradition, these turkey recipes complement any meal. orange-bourbon turkey 1 (12-pound) fresh or frozen whole turkey, thawed 2 cups fresh orange juice (about 6 oranges) 1 cup water 3/4 cup bourbon, divided 1/3 cup molasses 3/4 teaspoon salt, divided 4 oranges, peeled cooking spray 3 tablespoons all-purpose flour orange slices (optional) flat-leaf parsley sprigs (optional) 1. remove giblets and neck from turkey and discard. rinse turkey thoroughly with cold water and pat dry. combine orange juice, water, 1/2 cup bourbon, and molasses in a 2 gallon heavy-duty zip-top plastic bag. add the turkey. seal the bag and marinate the turkey in refrigerator for 4-24 hours, turning the bag occasionally. remove the turkey from bag, reserving the marinade. 2. preheat oven to 350° f. 3. tie the ends of the turkey legs with an oven string or cord. tuck the wings under the bird. sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon salt into body cavity. stuff the cavity with the peeled oranges. place the turkey on a broiler pan coated with cooking spray or on a rack set in a shallow pan. insert the meat thermometer into meaty part of thigh, making sure not to touch bone. bake at 350° f. for 3 hours or until thermometer registers 180° f. cover the turkey loosely with foil if it starts to get too brown. remove the turkey from oven. keep the turkey covered loosely with foil, and let stand at least 10 minutes before carving. 4. pour the reserved marinade into saucepan and bring to a boil. skim foam from the mixture with a slotted spoon and discard. reduce heat to medium and cook until reduced to 3-1/2 cups. combine 1/4 cup bourbon and flour in a small bowl, stirring well with a whisk. add mixture to the marinade and bring to a boil. cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. stir in 1/4 teaspoon salt. serve the sauce with turkey. garnish with orange slices and parsley sprigs if desired. apple glazed grilled whole turkey 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus more for brushing on the turkey 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped 1 serrano chile, coarsely chopped 3/4 cups apple cider vinegar 1 1/2 cups granulated sugar 2 granny smith apples, peeled, cored, and coarsely chopped, plus 2 peeled, cored, and sliced into 1/2-inch thick slices 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves salt and freshly ground pepper 1 whole (20 pound) turkey 1. preheat the bbq grill to medium-high. heat oil in a medium saucepan on the grates of the grill or on a burner. add the onion and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. add the serrano chile and cook for 1 minute. add the vinegar and sugar and cook until the sugar has melted. stir in the chopped apples and cook until the apples are soft and the mixture is slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. remove from the heat and let the mixture cool slightly. place the apple mixture in a food processor and add the sage. pulse until smooth. season with salt and pepper to taste. let cool to room temperature. 2. have a large drip pan filled with a little water positioned under where the turkey will be placed on the grill. brush the entire turkey with oil and season with salt and pepper. grill the turkey on all sides until golden brown. reduce the heat of the grill to medium to and maintain a constant temperature of 350° f. cook turkey until the meat thermometer registers 170-175°f when inserted into the thigh. begin brushing the entire turkey with the apple glaze during the last 15 minutes of cooking. remove the turkey from the grill and brush it with more of the glaze. let rest for 15 minutes before slicing. grill the sliced apples for 2-3 minutes on each side and serve with the turkey. want to deep-fry your turkey this season. try the deep fried turkey marinade below and enjoy! marinade 1/2 cup orange juice 1/4 cup water 1 1/2 tablespoons salt 1/2 tablespoon black pepper (may also use white pepper) 1 tablespoon onion powder 5-6 garlic cloves, minced 1/2 tablespoon paprika 1 teaspoon chili powder 1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper 1. mix all ingredients in a food processor or a blender 2. mix until thoroughly blended – about 3-4 minutes 3. transfer ingredients into a flavor injector and inject turkey in several places 4. deep fry turkey as usual – about 3 minutes per pound have a safe and happy holiday with your family, and feel free to share your favorite recipes with us! posted in bbq, kitchen appliances | tagged holiday, home appliances, recipe, recipes | leave a comment thank you for your participation in our philippine storm relief fundraiser posted on november 20, 2013 comment we would like to extend a warm thank you to all of those that donated to the disaster relief fundraiser this past week.  as promised, the money was donated to the american red cross. your generous donation helped in the following areas: providing medical attention food clean drinking water shelter your involvement has been a tremendous blessing to the filipino people during this very difficult time! we value your patronage and would like to thank you again for your quick response and taking part in our disaster relief efforts. thank you for your generosity! posted in company | leave a comment saving money with an electric garage heater posted on november 19, 2013 comment let’s face it, we all want to save a buck when we can, and prepping your garage for winter use is no different. there are many ways to overcome the winter blues and use your garage during the cold season. the following tips will save you money on heating and provide you with a warmer environment for enjoying your favorite hobby. 1. insulate well 2. seal the gaps 3. get a heater insulation helps the garage retain heat better. whatever method of heating you choose will be more effective and prevent the need to run your heater constantly. below is an insulation guide to help. 1. use an insulation that is appropriate for the project. the higher the number the better it works. 2. push the fiberglass insulation between the studs with the paper side out. 3. staple the paper flaps to the stud posts 4. measure and cut 2 x 4s and place over the top of the insulation, spanning the studs. nail into place. tip: the 2 x 4s are needed to bump out the flywheel so it will be even with the concert footer. 5. measure plywood to cover insulation and fasten to garage studs. secure the plywood with a-grade side facing out, spacing screws 1/2 inches apart. 6. don’t forget to cut the plywood to fit around the doors and windows. tip: you could use drywall instead of plywood. sealing the garage goes hand in hand with insulating it. there is no point in insulating it if you’re going to allow cold air to seep through the cracks. to seal your garage properly, do the following: 1. measure the length of your garage door and the difference between the garage door and the concrete. 2. cut weather stripping to fit the length of the garage door and secure with glue or screws. tip: most weather stripping comes in 9’ or 16’ lengths. if this is not the proper measurement for your garage, you can add or shorten in increments as needed. 3. get flexible weather stripping for windows and doors. measure the area to be sealed and cut stripping to fit. secure with glue or screws unless already treated with installation glue. tip: weather stripping kits make installation quick and easy. everything you need is usually included in the kit. garage heaters are typically durable and well-constructed units that spread warmth over a large area. of course, the size you choose should depend on how large your garage is. to estimate coverage, measure your garage. next, choose a wattage that will meet your measurements. below are a few good models to choose from. newair g70 4,000 watt electric garage heater – heats 400 sq. ft. 1. newair g70 the newair g70 240v garage heater does not require hard-wiring and uses 400 watts of electricity to warm up to 400 sq. ft. this heater includes a built-in thermostat with automatic temperature control ranging from 45-77 degrees f. it contains a propeller style fan that effectively blows warm air over the entire garage. wall and ceiling mountable you can use the swiveling mounting bracket to direct airflow where you need it most. it’s made from steel, so it’s durable and tolerates rugged conditions. the single pole thermostat features manual controls for a high or low heating option. 2. qmark muh35 this utility heater offers 5,000 watts of heating power to warm up to 500 sq. ft. of space. like the newair g70, the qmark muh35 garage heater is wall and ceiling mountable and includes a bracket for directional airflow. this unit is hardwired for a more permanent installation. featuring a double pole thermostat, this unit offers two heat settings ranging from 40-90 degrees f.  fan-forced heating spreads warmth quickly and the heavy-gauge die-formed steel housing is built to last. 3. dayton u33 if you don’t need that much coverage or you’re looking for something mobile, then consider the dayton u33 garage heater. this utility heater offers two heat settings, uses 1500 watts of power to warm a 150 sq. ft. area, and includes simple plug in operation. it’s lightweight and portable so it can be moved around as needed, and is built to tolerate rugged conditions. this heater is ideal for warming more personal spaces and smaller, single car garages. by insulating, weather stripping, and heating your garage this winter, you can warm the garage in a cost effective way and use the space the way you want to. there is no need to stay indoors and put your favorite hobby aside until summer. sufficiently seal the place off, heat, and enjoy! posted in heating, space heater | tagged garage heater, garage heaters, heater, heaters, heating | leave a comment help us support disaster relief in the philippines! posted on november 14, 2013 comment mass destruction in the philippines has left thousands of people dead, displaced, and without clean drinking water and food! to support the american red cross and the filipino community, air & water is hosting a fundraiser in which of all sales made at air & water.com will be donated to the american red cross. this fundraising event will take place for two days only – thursday, november 14th and friday, november 15th. our goal is to raise a minimum of $10,000! offering our financial support to all of those affected by this tragedy is a great way to give back and provide some relief during these unexpected times how you can participate: all you have to do is make a purchase. there are no forms to fill out or information required. simply make you’re purchase as usual and we will do the rest! visit http://www.air-n-water.com/philippine-typhoon-haiyan-disaster-relief.htm to find out more about how air & water is helping typhoon survivors. other ways to help: share this link with your family and friends on: facebook twitter google+ email lists blogs web sites forums thank you for your support in our disaster relief effort! posted in company, uncategorized | tagged disaster relief, philippines, red cross, typhoon haiyan | leave a comment post navigation ← older posts air & water, inc. blog home page air-n-water rss recent posts ugly holiday sweater competition gifting the cigar aficionado you know! 10 great survival tips to get you through the holidays! how dedicated aficionados use cigar humidors your thanksgiving dinner & the perfect wine recent commentsair & water team on dehumidifier showdown – our top 4 pickssaran on dehumidifier showdown – our top 4 picksmark on how to clean an ac filter and other important maintenance tipsice cube machine on got ice maker questions? we address the most common questions below!shanna on clover water coolers: beloved by children and momsarchives december 2013 november 2013 october 2013 september 2013 august 2013 july 2013 june 2013 may 2013 april 2013 march 2013 february 2013 january 2013 december 2012 november 2012 october 2012 september 2012 august 2012 july 2012 june 2012 may 2012 april 2012 march 2012 february 2012 january 2012 december 2011 november 2011 october 2011 september 2011 august 2011 july 2011 june 2011 may 2011 april 2011 march 2011 february 2011 january 2011 december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 categories air conditioners air purifier air purifier bbq beer blast from the past cigars coffee company contest cooling coupons disaster prepardness evaporative coolers fans furniture heating home care humidity ice infographic interviews kitchen appliances outdoor patio people products purification review of the month reviews sales space heater tea uncategorized water wine wine cooler space heaters compare top heaters best space heaters garage heaters best garage heaters garage heater installation guide baseboard heaters wall heaters electric fireplaces product guides blog purchase orders about us contact us returns twitter youtube facebook blog copyright 2013 air & water and air-n-water.com. all rights reserved.