来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231224011122/https://www.chefsplate.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

chefs plate | fresh ingredients & delicious recipes delivered to your door | chefs plateprivacyprivacy policychefs plate inc. privacy policychef’s plate inc. ('chefs plate'/'we'/'us') is committed to protecting your privacy. the following privacy policy describes how we collect, store, use and share information about users of our website www.chefplate.com (the 'website'), our ios and android mobile applications (the ‘app’) and/or our services as described in our terms of service ('services'). the terms 'user' and 'you' refer to visitors of the website, users of the app and persons who have registered for an account with chefs plate for the use or potential use of the service. please review the following carefully so that you understand our privacy practices.this privacy policy was last changed on september 04, 2018.if you have questions, comments or concerns around our privacy policy, or if you'd like to access your personal information, you can reach out to:attn: lauriana mandody, cpa, ca, finance director110 spadina avenue, unit 400toronto, on, m5v 2k4orprivacy@chefsplate.comif you are not satisfied by our response, you can reach out to the privacy commissioner of canada:office of the privacy commissioner of canada30 victoria streetgatineau, quebec, k1a 1h3or call:toll-free: 1-800-282-1376phone: (819) 994-5444tty: (819) 994-6591consentyour use of the website, the app and/or services constitutes acceptance of and agreement with this privacy policy. if you do not accept this privacy policy, do not use our website, our app or our services. your consent to our use of your personal information can be withdrawn at any time by following the directions at the end of this policy.collection and use of personal informationwe use your personal information to provide you with our services, to administer our client databases, to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries, for identification and authentication purposes and for service improvement. chef’s plate does not disclose your personal information to any third party to enable them to market their products or services. chef’s plate will retain your personal information for only the period of time which is reasonable under the circumstances.management of the websitewhen you visit our website, we process technical data such as your ip address, visited webpages, the internet browser you use, your previous/next visited websites and the duration of a visit/session to enable us to deliver the functionalities of the website. in addition, in certain instances the browser may prompt you for your postal code to allow us to provide you with an enhanced experience. this data enables us to manage and improve the website.management of the appwhen you use our app, we process technical data such as your ip address, viewed screens, accessed features, actions you perform, and the duration of your usage/session to enable us to deliver the functionalities of the app and analyze its usage. we utilize third party services to help us capture and store this data for later analysis (‘analytics’). this data enables us to manage and improve the app. at no time is your personal information shared with these third parties. you can always opt-out of analytics at any time by adjusting the appropriate opt-out setting within the app.registrationby signing up and entering your email address on our site you are consenting to receive chefs plate communication containing news, updates, and promotions.if you register for an account, we will collect your name, email address, country, language, password, mobile phone number, ip-address, mac-address, delivery address and your credit card number, expiry date, billing address and security code (see ‘processing payments’ below).we will use your contact details to send you a welcoming email, to communicate with you in response to your inquiries, and to send you service-related announcements.service informationif you register for an account, we will collect information about your use of the services including information about your orders and meal preferences. we use this information to enhance your experience, for example to suggest meals that we think you will enjoy.processing paymentsif you register for an account, your credit card information is provided to our payment processing provider stripe payments canada, ltd. in order to process payments for your orders. chef’s plate itself only collects the first six (the bin numbers) and the last four digits of your credit card number, the expiration number. we use this information to prevent fraud.marketingif you opt-in to receive marketing communications from chef’s plate, we may use your contact details to send you general updates regarding chef’s plate news, special offers and promotions. you may opt-out of receiving these updates at any time by following the opt-out instructions in the communication.generating management information and statistical datachefs plate uses your personal information in an anonymised and aggregated form to closely monitor which pages of the website are most frequently visited, which features of the app are used most and which features of the service are used most, to analyze usage patterns and to determine where we should offer or focus our service. we may share this information with third parties for industry analysis and statistics.refferal programif you choose to use our referral feature on the website or the app to tell a friend about our service, you will be prompted to enter your friend's email address or mobile phone number or log into your preferred social network. if you elect to refer a friend, we will automatically populate a message for you to send to your friend inviting him or her to try the service on your behalf, however the actual message will be sent via your mobile device or social network and you will be able to edit the final message before you send it. if your friend does not register for an account with us, we will delete your friend’s contact information.administrating public forumsthe website may offer publicly accessible blogs and community forums. if you choose to post a comment on such blogs or forums, we will ask for personal information such as your name and email address. you may provide us with just your first name or a pseudonym. please be aware that the name you provide will be publicly posted and associated with your comment. your email address will not be published. to request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, please contact us at hello@chefsplate.comadministrating job applicationsif you wish to apply for a job on our website we will collect personal information such as your name, email address, phone number and additional information such as resume and gender. we will use this information to process your application, determine your qualifications for the position for which you have applied and to contact you.advertisementsadvertisements appearing on the website may be delivered by us or one or more third-party web advertisers. these third party web advertisers may set cookies. these cookies allow the advertisement server operated by that third party to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. accordingly, advertisement servers may compile information about where or whether you viewed their advertisements and which advertisements you clicked on. this information allows web advertisers to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. the privacy policy applies to cookies placed on your computer by us, but does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party web advertisers. for the privacy practices of such third-party web advertisers, you should consult the applicable privacy policy for the relevant third- party web advertiser(s).our disclosure of your informationunder certain circumstances, chef’s plate will disclose your personal information:when we are required or authorized by law to do so, for example if a court issues a subpoena;when you have consented to the disclosure;where it is necessary to establish or collect fees;if we engage a third party to provide it services to us (like computer back-up services or archival file storage) and the third party is bound by our privacy policy, please note that such service provider(s) may be located outside of canada;in connection with a change of control transaction;if the information is already publicly known.we may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate or provide the service on our behalf (for example delivery and production facilities), to process payment, provide customer support, provide postal code information to our delivery drivers, to host our job application form, to perform website-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the website's features) or to assist us in analyzing how our service is used. these third parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. our service providers store information in canada and in the united states and accordingly your personal information may be available to canadian and/or united states governments or agencies under a lawful order, irrespective of the safeguards we have put in place for the protection of your personal information.chefs plate will disclose your personal information to the extent that this is legally required, or necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and legal process; or in the event of an emergency pertaining to your health and/or safety.your rightsyou have the right to information regarding your personal account, including information that you've provided to us and information regarding each order via the website or the app. you may at any time request correction or erasure of your personal data, and object to any processing of your personal data by emailing us at hello@chefsplate.com. it may not always be possible for us to comply with your request, for instance if we are under a legal obligation to maintain your personal information. you may also amend your personal details using your chefs plate account on the website or the app.retentionunless specified otherwise in this privacy policy, we will retain your information until you cancel your chef’s plate account, or until your chef’s plate account has been inactive for a year. if you wish to cancel your chef’s plate account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, please contact us at hello@chefsplate.com. upon expiry of the one year period of inactivity, we will alert you and give you two weeks to re-activate your chef’s plate account or retrieve any personal information you want to keep. after deletion of your account we will anonymize your data, unless these data are necessary to comply with a legal obligation or resolve disputes.securitychefs plate has taken appropriate technical and organizational security measures against loss or unlawful processing of your personal data. we use standard, industry-wide, commercially reasonable security practices such as encryption, firewalls and ssl (secure socket layers) as well as physical safeguards of the locations where data are stored. however, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. we cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet. any transmission of information by you to chef’s plate is at your own risk. we recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone.cookie policythe website uses "cookies". a cookie is a small text file that we place on your computer or mobile device to enable various features of the website. you can change your cookie settings to accept or not accept cookies in your browser settings.changes in this privacy policywe may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.contact detailswww.chefsplate.com/contactchefs plate inc.110 spadina avenueunit 200toronto, on m5v2k4chefs plateon the menupricingpartnershipssenior discountstudent discountcorporate saleshelp centerhelp center and faqchefs platehelp center© chefs plate 2023terms & conditionsprivacy policyfacebookinstagram