来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241217234528/https://www.chefsplate.com/terms
================================================================================

chefs plateterms and conditionsterms & conditionswelcome to chefs plate and thank you for visiting chefsplate.com (“site”) or our mobile or web applications (“app”). this page (together with the documents referred to herein) and our privacy policy provide our terms and conditions (“terms”). please review these terms carefully as they affect your legal rights. you agree to be bound to these terms, in their entirety, when you (1) use, access, or visit the site or our app; (2) purchase or receive any products listed on our site “products,” offered through the site, app, any third party retailer, online or e-commerce platform; (4) listen to, access, or view any text, audio, video, graphics, or other content featured on the site or app; (5) access links to view chefs plate’s social media pages or accounts on third party social media websites, including but not limited to, facebook, instagram, pinterest, twitter, snapchat, and linkedin (“social media”); or (6) purchase, redeem or sign up to receive or send chefs plate gift cards or gift certificates (including electronic versions) (“gift cards”) or trial offers, sweepstakes, contests, or promotions. if you do not agree to these terms in their entirety, you may not access or use the site or app, order, receive or use any of our products.you should understand that by ordering any of our products or subscribing to one of our services, you agree to be bound by these terms. you should also carefully review our privacy policy before placing an order for products or services through this site. these terms may be amended or updated by chefs plate from time to time without notice. you should visit this page periodically to review these terms and it is your responsibility to review these terms for any changes. your use after any amendments or updates of these terms shall signify your acceptance of such revised terms. any new features that may be added to this site from time to time will be subject to these terms.if you elect to receive marketing and support text messages from us, either via our website or by sending a text message indicating your consent, you are providing (and signing) your prior express written consent to receive recurring marketing or promotional and support text messages from us (each, a “text message”) sent through an automatic telephone dialing system. these may include cart abandon messages. message frequency varies. we reserve the right to alter the frequency of messages sent at any time, so as to increase or decrease the total number of sent messages. this service is optional, and your consent is not a condition for purchase. you can opt out of receiving any further text messages from this program at any time by replying “stop” to any text message you receive from us. for help, reply “help” to any text message you receive from us or call 1-833-608-0883. your mobile provider’s message and data rates may apply to our confirmation text message and all subsequent text message correspondence according to your individual rate plan provided by your wireless carrier. please consult your mobile service carrier’s pricing plan to determine the charges for browsing data and sending and receiving text messages. under no circumstances will we or our affiliates be responsible for any text messaging or wireless charges incurred by you or by a person that has access to your wireless device or telephone number. if your carrier does not permit text messages, you may not receive the text messages. neither we nor the wireless carriers (such as bell) will be liable for any delays in the receipt of, or failure to deliver, any text messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. text message services are provided on an “as is” basis. data obtained from you in connection with any text message services may include your cell phone number, your provider’s name and the date, time and content of your text messages. we may use this information in accordance with our privacy policy to contact you and to provide the services you request from us. for more information on how we use telephone numbers, please read our privacy policy. you may elect to receive text messages in either french or english. to switch your preferred language at any time, send (a) “passer au fr” to receive french text messages or (b) “switch to en” to receive english text messages.1. information about usin these terms and conditions, the words “we”, “us”, “our” and similar expressions refer to chefs plate, a division of gde grocery delivery e-services canada inc., a british columbia company, whose head office address is at 110 spadina avenue, unit 201, toronto, ontario, canada. m5v 2k4.2. serviceschefs plate enables members who register for an account to order fresh ingredients and recipes to make meals designed by our culinary team and to have the ingredients delivered directly to an address within our delivery service area.3. service availabilityour site, web applications and mobile applications are only intended for use by people residing in selected parts of british columbia, alberta, saskatchewan, manitoba, ontario, new brunswick, nova scotia, prince edward island, and quebec (“serviced provinces”). we do not accept orders from individuals outside the serviced provinces.4. your statusby placing an order through our site, web applications or mobile applications, as applicable, you warrant that:you are legally capable of entering into binding contracts; andyou are at least 18 years old;you are resident in the serviced provincesyou are accessing our site, web applications or mobile applications, as applicable, from the serviced provinces.5. our subscription contract agreementafter placing an order through our standard order form on our site, web applications or mobile applications, you will receive an email from us acknowledging that we have received your order (“acknowledgement”). please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. your order constitutes an offer to us to buy the products listed on our site by subscribing to a service, subject to these terms and conditions. all orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an email that confirms that your order has been accepted (“confirmation”). we may choose not to accept any orders in our sole discretion. the contract between us (“contract”) will only be formed once the confirmation is sent. note that the acknowledgement and the confirmation may be contained in the same email. the contract will relate only to those products whose dispatch we have confirmed in the confirmation. we will not be obliged to supply any other products that may have been part of your order until the dispatch of such products has been confirmed in a separate confirmation.6. chefs plate subscription servicewe offer a series of weekly plans that will enable you to receive deliveries every week. our subscription service is an automatic, recurring weekly subscription (“subscription service” or “active service”) to chefs plate products. as part of our subscription service, we offer a variety of subscription options that you may choose from a specific number and type of meal kits (“plan”). each week you will receive a package from chefs plate (your “meal box” or “meal kit”), including the contents of your chosen plan. you can find the specific details concerning your chosen plan and the subscription service by accessing your account details via the site or the app. if you do not select meals for your plan, an automatically generated menu will be selected for you. auto-renewal feature. if you register for a chefs plate plan you will be charged for the initial amount at checkout, followed by recurring weekly charge unless otherwise skipped by you. by entering into this agreement, you acknowledge that your subscription has an initial and recurring payment feature and you accept responsibility for all recurring charges prior to deactivation. by signing up for a chefs plate plan, you also acknowledge that the amount billed each week may vary for reasons that may include differing amounts due to promotional offers. until you provide advanced notice that you wish to terminate this authorization, chefs plate may submit periodic charges without further authorization from you. for all deliveries you have the option to skip any delivery until 11:59 pm pst four (4) days before the delivery. to terminate your authorization or change your payment method, log on to your chefs plate account or visit chefsplate.com/contact to connect with customer care. we reserve the right at our discretion not to renew your deliveries at any time without giving any reasons for our decision. see further, price and payment.6.1. subscription managementto cancel your first order, you will need to contact customer care before your relevant weekly order cut-off. all ongoing orders should be cancelled by logging into your online account. refer to the faq section to guide you through this process, or alternatively contact our customer care team 24/7 if you require additional support.7. modificationchefs plate has the right to change, amend, add to, remove, or supplement the terms (including the privacy policy), without prior notice. changes to dispute resolution procedures and changes to any pricing or billing only apply to disputes that arise after the modified or additional provision is published on the site or app. the most up to date terms will be posted on the site and the app and you should review the terms prior to using any products offered by chefs plate. all amendments or modifications to the terms shall be effective immediately upon publication on the site and app.8. promotions and gift cardswe may offer gift cards, discount promotions and other types of promotional offers that must be activated by online application so that the holder of the gift card or promotion (“holder”) may receive delivery of the products through a service. you must create or have an existing and valid account with chefs plate to redeem a gift card. if paid for, the gift card or promotional offer is deemed to have been sold at the time of payment. all of the terms apply to the holder upon either (a) payment for the gift card or promotion; or if applicable, (b) when the holder redeems the gift card or promotion by applying for a service to commence, whichever comes earlier. a gift card or promotional offer may only be used as specified by the terms of the offer and the applicable value of the gift card or promotion. a gift card or promotion may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, transferred to another party, or published either directly or indirectly in any form or stored in a data retrieval system without our prior written approval. gift cards and promotions are non-refundable and may only be used to redeem the promotion associated with the applicable offer. we reserve the right to withdraw or deactivate any gift card or promotion for any reason at any time. gift cards and promotions may only be redeemed through our website, web applications or mobile applications and not through any other website or method of communication. to use your promotion, you will be required to enter its unique code at the online checkout and use of such code will be deemed to confirm your agreement to these terms and conditions and any special conditions attached to the promotion. unless otherwise provided, discounts attached to promotions will only apply to the price of the products ordered and not to delivery charges. delivery charges, if applicable, will be chargeable at regular rates.notwithstanding anything contained in these terms, chefs plate gift cards and egift cards (“chefs plate gift cards”) are non-refundable. resale of chefs plate gift cards is strictly prohibited. chefs plate gift cards may be used as personal or business gifts but may not be used in connection with any marketing, advertising or other promotional activities (including without limitation via websites, internet advertisements, email, telemarketing, direct mail, newspaper and magazine advertisements, and radio and television broadcasts).*offer can be terminated or modified by chefs plate at any time. redeem one (1) eligible add-on item per week from our dollar menu with any meal box purchase. void outside canada. additional restrictions and exclusions may apply.9. consumer rights9.1 if you are contracting as a consumer, and select to receive delivery on a weekday, you may terminate your contract at any time; pending shipments are subject to the delivery cutoffs detailed in section 6. you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the products in accordance with our refunds policy (see section 13 for further details on our refund policy). to terminate a contract, please contact our customer care team by calling 1-833-608-0883 or by visiting www.chefsplate.com/contact to chat.9.2 as our products contain fresh and perishable food, we do not accept returns. this does not affect your right to cancel your subscription.9.3 you can modify a meal to suit your preferences. customization options are available for select recipes. this feature gives you the flexibility to tailor the recipe to your tastes by substituting specific ingredients. to customize your meal, simply look for the ""custom recipe"" label on your weekly menu, click the ""customize this meal"" icon, and choose your ingredient swap.10. delivery restrictionsto receive delivery, you must live in a residential apartment or home, or receive permission from employer or business owner to receive shipments from a business address. you may elect an alternate receiver located within or near your building or home to accept your delivery. this alternate receiver may accept your goods when you are not present at the time for delivery and shall accept the goods under all of the same terms and conditions that would apply had you accepted the delivery yourself. anyone at the delivery address who receives the delivery is conclusively presumed to be authorized to receive the delivery. if you, your doorman/ concierge, and your alternate receiver are not present, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to contact you. if you cannot be reached, we will make unattended delivery and the package will be left at the indicated delivery address. redelivery fees will apply should a second delivery visit be required.delivery is available sunday-thursday, subject to your location and/or applicable holidays; check our menu page for exact delivery dates. you can modify an existing order (including the addition or deletion of items, prior to the time or delivery date, and the cancellation of your order) via the site (in the “my profile” section of the site) up until the posted cut-off time for that delivery. you may cancel orders via the “my profile” section of the site. modified orders are subject to price changes and a change of a delivery date may not guarantee the availability of your desired items. cancellation of orders after the required cut-off time will still be charged the full price.orders must be received before the posted cut off time for a given delivery. available delivery windows and associated delivery charges and promotions will be shown as you proceed through the ordering process. you can place your order anytime, up to: four (4) days in advance of your delivery at 11:59 pm pst. orders must be modified or canceled four (4) days in advance of your delivery at 11:59 pm pst. cancellation of orders after the required cut off time will result in a full charge. if you are using our auto-delivery feature, your order will be processed before the deadline. however, if you make a change to your pre-selected meal, you must do so prior to the posted cut off time for the delivery.in the case of inclement weather or unforeseen delivery complications, it may be necessary to make adjustments to our delivery schedule, which will cause us to suspend chosen delivery dates and times. if there will be a significant delay, a customer service representative may call or email you to let you know the status of your delivery time. we will deliver your order as quickly as possible when the conditions permit. if your designated delivery location (i.e., street, avenue) or day is inaccessible, rendering us unable to make the delivery, we will contact you to determine the best alternate location and/or date.if something is missing from your order, please call our customer service department at 1-833-608-0883 or by visiting www.chefsplate.com/contact to chat.11. risk and titlethe products are sold “fob destination, freight prepaid and added,” at your specified delivery address. transfer of title and risk occurs when the products arrive and are delivered at your specified delivery address. the products will be at your risk from the time of delivery. you, and not chefs plate, are solely responsible for the proper and safe washing, preparation, storage and cooking of any products you receive through our services. any use of our products is at your own risk. ownership of the products will only pass to you when we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the products, including delivery charges.chefs plate uses insulated packaging to maintain the quality and integrity of your products. to maintain the integrity of products after delivery, we recommend that you immediately refrigerate or freeze perishable items. please note that we reserve the right to limit your order or the quantity of a particular product that you may order.12. pricing and paymentproduct prices include applicable taxes, delivery charges may apply. product prices and delivery charges are subject to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders in respect of which we have already sent you a confirmation.you may change your payment method at any time by updating your account information. if a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not edit your payment method information or cancel your account, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to charge your selected payment method, as it may be updated. this may result in a change to your payment billing dates.if a payment is not successfully paid and you do not edit your payment method or cancel your purchase of a product, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the payment method, as it may be updated. we reserve the right to collect any outstanding payment due, and may transfer the collection of your outstanding balance to a third party collection agency.as you are registered for a weekly membership, your subscription will automatically renew until you cancel it, and you will be enrolled to receive shipments each week (weekly delivery). you may turn on/off a weekly delivery (within order cut off times provided in section 6) at any time per the cancelation details listed below. you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account, and you agree to be personally liable for all charges incurred under your account. your liability for such charges shall continue after termination of this agreement. skipping weekly deliveries and/or order cancellation requests require advanced notice to chefs plate. if you miss these deadlines, you will be responsible for paying the applicable amount, and the cancellation will take effect the next week.price adjustments. we reserve the right to adjust prices in our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you; provided, however, that we will provide you with at least ten (10) days’ advanced notice of any price changes with your specific plan rate. your acceptance of deliveries of the products after such notice has been delivered to you will constitute your acceptance of such price changes, unless you cancel.13. refundsif you terminate our service or request a refund within the applicable notice period (see section 10), we will process the full refund (including any applicable delivery charges) within 30 days of your notice of deactivation or within 30 days of your confirmation from us that you were entitled to a refund. if all or part of a product is considered defective (“defective item”), we will credit you an amount equivalent to the value of the defective item towards a future purchase, including any applicable delivery charges and any reasonable costs you incur in refusing the defective item. your refund will processed in the same method used to pay for you product.14. proprietary rightsthis site, and the information and materials that it contains, are the property of chefs plate and its licensors, and are protected from unauthorized copying and dissemination by copyright law, trademark law, international conventions and other intellectual property laws. all chefs plate product names and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of chefs plate. all other company and product names and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners in certain countries. nothing contained on this site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use this site or any materials displayed on this site, through the use of framing or otherwise, except: (a) as expressly permitted by these terms; or (b) with the prior written permission of chefs plate.15. your passwords and account securityyou are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the services and you are responsible for any activities or actions under your password. you agree to keep your password secure. chefs plate will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these requirements. you agree to notify chefs plate immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. you should contact chefs plate by calling 1-833-608-0883 of by visiting www.chefsplate.com/contact to chat.16. limited warranty and disclaimerwe warrant to you that any product purchased from us through our site or apps will, on delivery, confirm with its description, be of satisfactory quality. our responsibility for defective products is limited to replacement or refund. likewise, our responsibility for defective services is limited to re-performance or refund.to the extent permitted by law, the services are provided 'as is' and chefs plate disclaims all representations, warranties and conditions, either express, implied, statutory, by usage of trade, course of dealing or otherwise including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, title, satisfactory quality or fitness for a particular purpose. chefs plate does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, provide any conditions or representations, or assume any responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by any third party through the site or in respect to any site that can be reached from a link on thesite or featured in any banner or other advertising on the site, and chefs plate shall not be a party to any transaction that you may enter into with any such third party.17. limitation of liabilitythe remedies described above are your sole and exclusive remedies and our entire obligation and liability for any breach of this limited warranty, and we disclaim all other warranties, express or implied. our liability will under no circumstances exceed the actual amount paid by you for the defective product or service that you have purchased from us, nor will we under any circumstances be liable for any consequential, incidental, special or punitive damages or losses, whether direct or indirect. similarly, under no circumstances shall chefs plate be liable for any exemplary or other damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, any damages that result from (i) your use of or your inability to use the services, (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods or services, (iii) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies in the materials on the site, (iv) personal injury (including without limitation any allergic reactions to any products received through the services) or property damage of any kind whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of the service, any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or any other files or data that may be harmful to computer or communication equipment or data that may have been transmitted to or through the site, or (v) any errors or omissions in any material on the site or any other loss or damage of any kind arising from or relating to your use of the services. these limitations shall apply even if chefs plate has been advised of the possibility of such damages. notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, chefs plates liability to you for any damages arising from or related to this agreement (for any cause whatsoever and regardless of the form of the action), will at all times be limited to the greater of (a) fifty u.s. dollars ($50) or (b) amounts you've paid chefs plate in the prior 12 months (if any). the foregoing limitations shall apply to the fullest extension permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.you agree that it is your sole responsibility to ensure that any products you obtain through the services are suitable for you and to ensure that you do not order any products that you may be allergic to.18. indemnificationyou shall indemnify and hold chefs plate and its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, officers, agents, and employees, harmless from all claims, threats, actions, proceedings, demands, damages, losses, obligations, costs, and expenses including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising in connection with your use of the services, any violation by you of these terms, or any violation by you of any applicable law or regulation. we reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you here-under, and you shall cooperate as fully reasonably required by us.19. written communicationsapplicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. when using our site and our apps you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. we will contact you by email or provide you with information by posting notices on our website or via our apps in our sole discretion. for contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirements that such communications be in writing. notice will be deemed received and properly served immediately when posted on our site, 24 hours after an email is sent, or on the date of posting a letter. this condition does not affect your statutory rights.by submitting your email to chefs plate you are indicating an interest in chefs plate and may receive email marketing communications.20. transfer of rights and obligationsthe contract between you and us is binding and applies to our respective successors and assignees. you may not transfer, assign, charge, or otherwise dispose of a contract or any of your rights or obligations arising under it without prior written consent. we may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of a contract or any of our rights or obligations arising under it, at any time during the contract.21. events outside our controlwe will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform or a delay in performance affecting any of our obligations under the contract that is caused by events outside our reasonable control (force majeure event). a force majeure event includes any act event, non-happening, omission, or accident beyond our reasonable control and includes in particular the following:strikes, lock-outs, or other industrial action;civil commotion, riot invasion, terrorist attack war, or threat or preparation of war;fire explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic, or other natural disaster;impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport; impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications networks;the acts, decrees, legislations, or restrictions of any government.our performance under any contract is deemed to be suspended for the period that the force majeure event continues, and we will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that period. we will use our reasonable efforts to bring the force majeure event to a close or to find a solution by which our obligations under the contract may be performed.22. waivera waiver by us to exercise a right under the contract or provided by the terms will not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default. if we fail, at any time during the term of a contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under the contract or any of these terms, if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the contract, this will not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and will not relieve you from compliance with such obligations. no waiver by us of any of these terms will be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and communicated to you in writing in accordance with section 20.23. severabilityif any of these terms or any provision of the contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, this clause will be severed from the remaining terms, which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.24. entire agreementthese terms and any document or policy expressly referred herein, such as our privacy policy, constitute the whole agreement between us and supersede all previous discussions, correspondence, negotiations, previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between us relating to any contract. we acknowledge that in entering into a contract, neither of us relies on any representation or warranty that is not set out in these terms. each of us agrees that our liability is limited to the terms herein. nothing in this clause limits or excludes any liability for fraud.25. right to modifywe have the right to revise and amend these terms from time to time for any reason including to reflect changes in market conditions affecting our business, changes in technology, changes in payment methods, changes in relevant laws and regulations, and changes in our system’s capabilities. you will be subject to the policies and terms posted at the time that you order products from us, unless any change to those policies is required by a government authority or if we notify of the change to those policies before we send you a confirmation of your order.26. law and jurisdictionthese terms or any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection to the purchase of products, or related to contracts and/or their formation, will be governed by the laws of the province of ontario and the federal laws of canada without regard to conflict of laws principles. you hereby irrevocably attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of ontario for any disputes related to these terms. you expressly agree: (i) to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts of ontario; and (ii) that the products and the services shall be deemed passive and not give rise to the personal jurisdiction over chefs plate, for either specific or general jurisdiction, in jurisdictions other than ontario.27. contests and giveawaysfor contest rules please visit https://giveaway.chefsplate.com/.last updated: april 2, 2024chefs plateon the menupricingpartnerships & corporate salesessential workers discountyouth & seniors discountstudent beanshelp centerhelp center and faqchefs platehelp center© chefs plate 2024terms & conditionsprivacy policyfacebookinstagram