来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211219094101/https://danielsmith.com/tutorials/how-to-paint-a-watercolor-portrait-with-lorena-massa/
================================================================================

how to paint a watercolor portrait with lorena massa - daniel smith artists’ materials skip to content search for: toggle navigationhomeabout uscommunitybrand ambassadorsfeatured artiststestimonialssocial mediaweekly live demosproductswatercolorsextra fine™primatek™luminescent™stickshalf panshalf pan setstube setsdot cardsoilsoriginalprimatek™luminescent™water-solublebeyond paintwatercolor groundmasking fluidwalnut inkgessooil mediumswater-soluble oil mediumseventsblogresourcescatalogcolor chartsbrochurescolor storieswatercolorsoilsswatch galleryextra fine™ watercolors – 15mlprimatek® watercolorsluminescent™ watercolorswatercolor stickshalf pan setsoriginal oil™ colorswater-soluble oil colorsprimatek™ oil colorsluminescent oil colorsside by sidesafety data sheetsfaqdot card finderfind a retailerstores near meshop onlinenorth americainternationalcontact ussubscribe toggle navigationhomeabout uscommunitybrand ambassadorsfeatured artiststestimonialssocial mediaweekly live demosproductswatercolorsextra fine™primatek™luminescent™stickshalf panshalf pan setstube setsdot cardsoilsoriginalprimatek™luminescent™water-solublebeyond paintwatercolor groundmasking fluidwalnut inkgessooil mediumswater-soluble oil mediumseventsblogresourcescatalogcolor chartsbrochurescolor storieswatercolorsoilsswatch galleryextra fine™ watercolors – 15mlprimatek® watercolorsluminescent™ watercolorswatercolor stickshalf pan setsoriginal oil™ colorswater-soluble oil colorsprimatek™ oil colorsluminescent oil colorsside by sidesafety data sheetsfaqdot card finderfind a retailerstores near meshop onlinenorth americainternationalcontact ussubscribe search for: how to paint a watercolor portrait with lorena massahow to paint a watercolor portrait with lorena massa by lorena massatags: lorena massa i have always been fascinated by people – their facial features, the variety of their expressions, and the light that shines in their eyes all enliven my inspiration. making a portrait, in my opinion, is much more than searching for similarities to paint. it’s crucial to represent the subject’s soul, character and dreams. i carefully choose my subjects, selecting them from among thousands of photographs, and then i carefully observe them until something magically happens and the inspiration comes right to me. the subject of this watercolor is extra special to me – he is my son, francesco. an adorable and joyous child, he still has a little bit of melancholy in his eyes. when i took this picture of him, i could see not only his sweetness, but also his enigmatic smile. that’s why i chose this photograph for my portrait. my challenge now is to represent the light in his eyes, his soft skin, and his bright hair in watercolor – by maintaining the freshness of this image’s chiaroscuro (use of strong contrasts between light and dark), which creates an intense and harmonious composition. when you paint a portrait, you should choose an image full of contrasts – this will help make your work more intriguing and you’ll have more fun playing with colors. the study of colors is important – you need to know their characteristics to understand the effects you can get. make colors become your best friends and you will improve your skills. my way of painting is slow and precise because i care about every fascinating detail. but know when it’s time to stop so you don’t risk losing any freshness in your piece. i chose a cold press watercolor paper, 300gsm (140lb). drawing is an extremely important element for a successful portrait. so i precisely define it in every single detail. i draw the subject first on a separate sheet of paper, and then i re-do it to avoid making too many unaesthetic erasure marks on my final watercolor sheet. i use semi-hard 2h – hb pencils. the design is supposed to be clearly visible, but if in some areas the line is too intense, i make it lighter with an eraser. now i re-draw the lines with a round, natural-hair brush (number 1 or 2) on dry paper. my palette contains ultramarine blue, quinacridone sienna and pyrrol crimson. this step is crucial because it helps me get in harmony with my subject and it’s a second study of the facial features. i always start by drawing the eyes because, in my opinion, they are the most significant elements in a portrait. the gaze must be alive, transparent, luminous – and by looking at it, the viewer should be able to perceive the subject’s thoughts. next comes the first color transitions. using a round, natural-hair brush (numbers 8 or 10, or a 12 mop brush), i lay the first color as a glaze across the subject to create a base of wet paper. i add the following colors to my palette – opera pink, naples yellow and quinacridone purple. i clearly define the contrasting areas, allowing the subject to become more three-dimensional. my way of painting involves several layers, so i carefully choose my colors, preferring the transparent ones. it’s time to add more colors to my palette – organic vermilion, aureolin cobalt yellow, permanent red and sap green.  i keep his hair area dry and paint using small, round natural-hair brushes (numbers 1 & 2). in contrast, i paint his shirt and the face on wet paper. once the subject is defined, it’s time to paint the background. harmony and intensity between the colors of the subject and those of the background are imperative. before starting, i always do some  prep studies to identify which colors are best for chiaroscuro, so i won’t lose the brightness and transparency of the background. in this phase, i work on wet paper and use 40 – 45 mm flat natural-hair brushes. i decided to use ultramarine blue because it’s present in the shadow areas of his t-shirt and his complexion. the second color in my background is amethyst genuine, which immediately fascinated me because it’s very intense, brilliant and granulating – it harmonizes perfectly with the subject. once the background is complete, i go back to further harmonize some areas of the face, hair and t-shirt. i glaze some parts with the background colors to add greater intensity and a better sculptural quality. to finish, i use round brushes (numbers 1 & 2) to insert all those little details that i hadn’t paid attention to before. using titanium white and permanent yellow deep, i create small strands of light in his hair and eyelashes. then i add a bit of shadow around the eyelashes and the pupil of the eye. i shade a few strands of hair with ultramarine blue and my painting is complete! previousnextrelated posts working with primatek watercolors6:41 am|0 comments paint a powerful leopard with katie graham7:18 am|0 comments paint white rhododendrons with kay barnes7:24 am|0 comments tips for plein air painting with georgia mansur9:53 am|0 comments subscribe to our email list for creative inspiration!we’ll only send you the good stuff, no spam. subscribe daniel smith is a leading global manufacturer of beautiful, artist-quality watercolor paints, oil paints and mediums. © copyright 2012 - 2022 daniel smith | cookie policy page load link we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent close privacy overview this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. necessary necessary always enabled necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. cookiedurationdescription_abck1 yearthis cookie is used to detect and defend when a client attempt to replay a cookie.this cookie manages the interaction with online bots and takes the appropriate actions.ak_bmsc2 hoursthis cookie is used by akamai to optimize site security by distinguishing between humans and bots.bm_sz4 hoursthis cookie is set by the provider akamai bot manager. this cookie is used to manage the interaction with the online bots. it also helps in fraud preventionscookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "advertisement".cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. functional functional functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. cookiedurationdescription_mcid1 yeara functionality cookie placed by mailchimp to manage and control lists.store_locator_latsessionnecessary to find the user’s location, and locate the dealers. to determine your location and provide the nearest distributors.store_locator_lngsessionnecessary to find the user’s location, and locate the dealers. to determine your location and provide the nearest distributors. performance performance performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. analytics analytics analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. cookiedurationdescription_ga2 yearsthis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._ga_5cy6tpqszl2 yearsthis cookie is installed by google analytics._gat_gtag_ua_198166404_11 minutethis cookie is set by google and is used to distinguish users._gid1 daythis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. the data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form.consent16 years 4 months 13 days 6 hours 28 minutesthese cookies are set via embedded youtube-videos. they register anonymous statistical data on for example how many times the video is displayed and what settings are used for playback.no sensitive data is collected unless you log in to your google account, in that case your choices are linked with your account, for example if you click “like” on a video. advertisement advertisement advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. cookiedurationdescriptionide1 year 24 daysused by google doubleclick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. this is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.test_cookie15 minutesthis cookie is set by doubleclick.net. the purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.visitor_info1_live5 months 27 daysthis cookie is set by youtube. used to track the information of the embedded youtube videos on a website.yscsessionthis cookies is set by youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos.yt-remote-connected-devicesneverthese cookies are set via embedded youtube-videos.yt-remote-device-idneverthese cookies are set via embedded youtube-videos. others others other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. save & accept powered by go to top