来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231204122645/https://danielsmith.com/category/tutorials/
================================================================================

tutorials - daniel smith artists’ materials skip to content search for: english english 日本語 français italiano deutsch 简体中文 español nederlands українська toggle navigationhomeabout usjob openingscommunitybrand ambassadorsfeatured artiststestimonialssocial mediaweekly live demosproductswatercolorsdaniel smith extra fine™ watercolors – 15mldaniel smith extra fine™ watercolors – 5mldaniel smith primatek™ watercolorsdaniel smith luminescent™ watercolorsdaniel smith watercolor sticksdaniel smith watercolor half pansdaniel smith watercolor half pan setsdaniel smith watercolor tube setsdaniel smith watercolor dot cardsoil colorsdaniel smith original oilsdaniel smith primatek™ oilsdaniel smith luminescent™ oilsdaniel smith water soluble oil colorsbeyond paintdaniel smith watercolor grounddaniel smith masking fluiddaniel smith walnut inkdaniel smith gessodaniel smith oil mediumsdaniel smith water soluble oil mediumsgouachedaniel smith extra fine™ gouacheeventsblogresourcescatalogcolor chartscolor mapbrochurescolor storieswatercolororiginal oilwater soluble oilgouacheswatch galleryextra fine™ gouacheextra fine™ watercolors – 15mlextra fine™ watercolors – 5mlprimatek® watercolorsluminescent™ watercolorswatercolor stickstube setshalf pan setsside by sideprimatek™ oil colorsluminescent oil colorswater soluble oil colorssafety data sheetsfaqdot card findervideo libraryfind a retailerstores near mesearch by country (map)search by country (alpha)contact ussubscribe english english 日本語 français italiano deutsch 简体中文 español nederlands українська toggle navigationhomeabout usjob openingscommunitybrand ambassadorsfeatured artiststestimonialssocial mediaweekly live demosproductswatercolorsdaniel smith extra fine™ watercolors – 15mldaniel smith extra fine™ watercolors – 5mldaniel smith primatek™ watercolorsdaniel smith luminescent™ watercolorsdaniel smith watercolor sticksdaniel smith watercolor half pansdaniel smith watercolor half pan setsdaniel smith watercolor tube setsdaniel smith watercolor dot cardsoil colorsdaniel smith original oilsdaniel smith primatek™ oilsdaniel smith luminescent™ oilsdaniel smith water soluble oil colorsbeyond paintdaniel smith watercolor grounddaniel smith masking fluiddaniel smith walnut inkdaniel smith gessodaniel smith oil mediumsdaniel smith water soluble oil mediumsgouachedaniel smith extra fine™ gouacheeventsblogresourcescatalogcolor chartscolor mapbrochurescolor storieswatercolororiginal oilwater soluble oilgouacheswatch galleryextra fine™ gouacheextra fine™ watercolors – 15mlextra fine™ watercolors – 5mlprimatek® watercolorsluminescent™ watercolorswatercolor stickstube setshalf pan setsside by sideprimatek™ oil colorsluminescent oil colorswater soluble oil colorssafety data sheetsfaqdot card findervideo libraryfind a retailerstores near mesearch by country (map)search by country (alpha)contact ussubscribe search for: tutorials how to create marbled texture with primatek watercolorsblog team2023-07-26t12:23:10-07:00tags: primatek, thursdays live, video| what makes attending live on thursdays so special?blog team2023-07-12t10:52:48-07:00tags: john cogley, thursdays live, video| five reasons why you need dot cardsblog team2023-06-27t06:50:20-07:00tags: dot card| how to create natural shadows and undertones for your favorite red watercolorsblog team2023-07-12t10:52:48-07:00tags: thursdays live, watercolor| how to combine gouache with watercolormichael solovyev2023-03-07t16:25:36-08:00tags: michael solovyev, video| bring your portrait sketches to life with watercolorbutch krieger2023-01-25t19:15:20-08:00tags: butch krieger| inspiration from our monday mixesblog team2022-12-18t11:34:57-08:00 small watercolor works make beautiful cardsblog team2022-12-14t11:35:40-08:00tags: holiday| trying gouache for the first timejansen chow2022-12-02t14:02:09-08:00 watercolor gingerbread houseblog team2022-12-12t18:40:54-08:00tags: holiday, masking fluid| watercolor gift tagsblog team2022-12-12t18:34:35-08:00tags: holiday| head in the starsjoanna barnum2023-05-31t09:38:22-07:00tags: joanna barnum, luminescents| 1234567891011next search for: topics artists artist dot cards insights interviews color stories gouache original oil luminescent original oil 37ml primatek water soluble oil watercolor dot cards extra fine 15ml extra fine 5ml luminescent primatek news product updates acrylic gesso extra fine gouache extra fine watercolor luminescent watercolor original oil colors primatek watercolor watercolor dot cards watercolor ground watercolor half pan sets watercolor sticks watercolor tube sets tutorials how to: dot cards how to: extra fine watercolor how to: gesso how to: gouache how to: luminescent watercolor how to: masking fluid how to: oil mediums how to: original oils how to: primatek watercolor how to: walnut ink how to: water soluble oil colors how to: watercolor ground how to: watercolor sticks popular posts how to create marbled texture with primatek watercolors chat with maestro che from the usa how to compare yellows, oranges and reds using cie-lab demo with julie ann karlsson from sweden joseph z’s greys – cool, neutral and warm danielsmithartistsmaterials it’s friday fun takeover post by brand ambassado @artbysablerae we love your soft washes and color @relatewithrajat always a treat to see you in act while these 15 daniel smith watercolors share simi meet our guest artist maestro che @artofche on fri what color wednesday answer! undersea green, dani what color wednesday answer! undersea green, dani so generous of you @brenda_swenson to share valua beautiful! @simoneridyard we love the placements o what color wednesday! just for fun, what color is @ashleyhawkeswatercolor truly a conversation start @sandyallnock we always look forward to your creat @penelope_gilbertng we love that shadow and the co check out our guest artist on friday live with joh hello, artists! do you agree with aristotle? we' follow on instagram the above links, which take you to a third-party website outside of danielsmith.com, do not constitute daniel smith inc’s endorsement or sponsorship of this third party or its website. archives archives select month july 2023 june 2023 may 2023 april 2023 march 2023 february 2023 january 2023 december 2022 november 2022 october 2022 september 2022 august 2022 july 2022 june 2022 may 2022 april 2022 march 2022 february 2022 january 2022 december 2021 november 2021 october 2021 september 2021 august 2021 july 2021 june 2021 may 2021 april 2021 march 2021 february 2021 tags agus budiyanto alex hillkurtz alison pinto alvaro castagnet alvaro’s caliente grey alvaro’s fresco grey amber ma anders andersson angela barbi angela fehr angus mcewan annie o’brien gonzales ashley hawkes aud rye aureolin – cobalt yellow barbara nechis beginners besnik xhemaili bob tomanovic brenda swenson buffy kaufman butch krieger carlos avelino caroline buchanan caroline deeble carrie roets waller catarina alkemark chihiro pierce cie-lab cindy briggs claudia díaz hernández color set color wheel company news david r. daniels david taylor dino pajao dot card emma vande voort ethel pajao extra fine watercolor fauzia shabnam fernando de paiva francesco fontana frank eber gabriel stockton george politis georgia mansur gerda mentens gesso gina rossi armfield giovanni balzarani gonzalo vargas gouache half pan sets heather ihn martin hilary page holiday iain stewart ian de hoog james brantley jan hart jan min jane blundell jane davies jansen chow jayson yeoh jean haines jeanne mackenzie jim l’oste brown jim mott joanna barnum john cogley johnny patramanis joseph zbukvic judy mudd julie ann karlsson karen mai karen sioson karlyn holman kathleen conover kathleen mcelwaine katie graham kay barnes ken karlic konstantin sterkhov laurin mccracken lenard lai libby bell linda doll lisa argentieri lorena massa lorraine watry luminescents lunar colors maestro che masking fluid master artist sets matthew bird maureen e. kerstein mccracken black michael solovyev milind mulick molly hashimoto molly murrah natalia ushakova natalie oswald nb gurung nicolas lopez nicole lopez espinoza oils original oil colors pablo ruben pat weaver paul wang peggy dean penny horsley plein air prafull b. sawant prafull hudekar primatek quinacridone quinacridone pink rafael pita raffaele ciccaleni rajat bandopadhyay ré st. peter robert cook sandy allnock sanjay desai sarah graham sebastian thommen serpentine genuine shirley trevena signature series silvia monge sophie rodionov stella canfield susie short tere lojero theresa goesling thomas w schaller thursdays live tiffanie mang tom hoffman video walnut ink water soluble oil colors watercolor watercolor ground subscribe to our email list for creative inspiration!we’ll only send you the good stuff, no spam. subscribedaniel smith is a leading global manufacturer of beautiful, artist-quality watercolor paints, oil paints and mediums. this website uses google translate to instantly and automatically translate content into multiple languages. please contact us if you discover inaccurate auto-translations so that we can make corrections. © copyright 2012 - 2023 daniel smith | cookie policy page load link we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent close privacy overview this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. necessary necessary always enabled necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. cookiedurationdescription_abck1 yearthis cookie is used to detect and defend when a client attempt to replay a cookie.this cookie manages the interaction with online bots and takes the appropriate actions.ak_bmsc2 hoursthis cookie is used by akamai to optimize site security by distinguishing between humans and bots.bm_sz4 hoursthis cookie is set by the provider akamai bot manager. this cookie is used to manage the interaction with the online bots. it also helps in fraud preventionscookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "advertisement".cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. functional functional functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. cookiedurationdescription_mcid1 yeara functionality cookie placed by mailchimp to manage and control lists.store_locator_latsessionnecessary to find the user’s location, and locate the dealers. to determine your location and provide the nearest distributors.store_locator_lngsessionnecessary to find the user’s location, and locate the dealers. to determine your location and provide the nearest distributors. performance performance performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. analytics analytics analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. cookiedurationdescription_ga2 yearsthis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._ga_5cy6tpqszl2 yearsthis cookie is installed by google analytics._gat_gtag_ua_198166404_11 minutethis cookie is set by google and is used to distinguish users._gid1 daythis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. the data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form.consent16 years 4 months 13 days 6 hours 28 minutesthese cookies are set via embedded youtube-videos. they register anonymous statistical data on for example how many times the video is displayed and what settings are used for playback.no sensitive data is collected unless you log in to your google account, in that case your choices are linked with your account, for example if you click “like” on a video. advertisement advertisement advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. cookiedurationdescriptionide1 year 24 daysused by google doubleclick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. this is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.test_cookie15 minutesthis cookie is set by doubleclick.net. the purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.visitor_info1_live5 months 27 daysthis cookie is set by youtube. used to track the information of the embedded youtube videos on a website.yscsessionthis cookies is set by youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos.yt-remote-connected-devicesneverthese cookies are set via embedded youtube-videos.yt-remote-device-idneverthese cookies are set via embedded youtube-videos. others others other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. save & accept powered by english english 日本語 français italiano deutsch 简体中文 español nederlands українська go to top