来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231204122645/https://danielsmith.com/testimonials/
================================================================================

testimonials - daniel smith artists’ materials skip to content search for: english english 日本語 français italiano deutsch 简体中文 español nederlands українська toggle navigationhomeabout usjob openingscommunitybrand ambassadorsfeatured artiststestimonialssocial mediaweekly live demosjohn’s resourcesproductswatercolorsdaniel smith extra fine™ watercolors – 15mldaniel smith extra fine™ watercolors – 5mldaniel smith primatek™ watercolorsdaniel smith luminescent™ watercolorsdaniel smith watercolor sticksdaniel smith watercolor half pansdaniel smith watercolor half pan setsdaniel smith watercolor tube setsdaniel smith watercolor dot cardsoil colorsdaniel smith original oilsdaniel smith primatek™ oilsdaniel smith luminescent™ oilsdaniel smith water soluble oil colorsbeyond paintdaniel smith watercolor grounddaniel smith masking fluiddaniel smith walnut inkdaniel smith gessodaniel smith oil mediumsdaniel smith water soluble oil mediumsgouachedaniel smith extra fine™ gouacheeventsblogresourcescatalogcolor chartscolor mapbrochurescolor storieswatercolororiginal oilwater soluble oilgouacheswatch galleryextra fine™ gouacheextra fine™ watercolors – 15mlextra fine™ watercolors – 5mlprimatek® watercolorsluminescent™ watercolorswatercolor stickstube setshalf pan setsside by sideprimatek™ oil colorsluminescent oil colorswater soluble oil colorssafety data sheetsfaqdot card findervideo libraryfind a retailerstores near mesearch by country (map)search by country (alpha)contact ussubscribe english english 日本語 français italiano deutsch 简体中文 español nederlands українська toggle navigationhomeabout usjob openingscommunitybrand ambassadorsfeatured artiststestimonialssocial mediaweekly live demosjohn’s resourcesproductswatercolorsdaniel smith extra fine™ watercolors – 15mldaniel smith extra fine™ watercolors – 5mldaniel smith primatek™ watercolorsdaniel smith luminescent™ watercolorsdaniel smith watercolor sticksdaniel smith watercolor half pansdaniel smith watercolor half pan setsdaniel smith watercolor tube setsdaniel smith watercolor dot cardsoil colorsdaniel smith original oilsdaniel smith primatek™ oilsdaniel smith luminescent™ oilsdaniel smith water soluble oil colorsbeyond paintdaniel smith watercolor grounddaniel smith masking fluiddaniel smith walnut inkdaniel smith gessodaniel smith oil mediumsdaniel smith water soluble oil mediumsgouachedaniel smith extra fine™ gouacheeventsblogresourcescatalogcolor chartscolor mapbrochurescolor storieswatercolororiginal oilwater soluble oilgouacheswatch galleryextra fine™ gouacheextra fine™ watercolors – 15mlextra fine™ watercolors – 5mlprimatek® watercolorsluminescent™ watercolorswatercolor stickstube setshalf pan setsside by sideprimatek™ oil colorsluminescent oil colorswater soluble oil colorssafety data sheetsfaqdot card findervideo libraryfind a retailerstores near mesearch by country (map)search by country (alpha)contact ussubscribe search for: testimonials testimonialsdarrell keys2023-07-27t15:07:15-07:00 “thank you dan and john! it is wonderful to see the passion behind the label.” caroline “daniel smith is all about the people – those they serve and those they involve in their process.” anna “i’m delighted to be part of daniel smith’s feeling of family.” angela “your weekly sessions with artists from all over the world…often compel me to try new ideas and products in my sketchbooks. thank you!” marge from florida “thank you for inspiring me, teaching me, making me smile, and bringing something back to me i thought i’d lost – passion.” nicole “i appreciate being able to connect with the company’s history and work ethic, which creates the experience of family.” anna marie “i enjoy the international artist demos on zoom, especially the wide range of painting styles. i’m delighted to see their work on your site. i’m a fan of daniel smith watercolors.” nina “daniel smith masking fluid offers flexibility and creativity with control…precision and artistry are restored…the best!” janice “a great workshop…well organized and very interesting. i was fascinated with the mineral stones, technical brochures and color charts. and the best part was getting to play with the paints.” karen “the widest selection of unique colors…the paint’s quality naturally elevates my work. i love to see their colors dance with water!” ethel from the philippines “i am often asked how i achieve such brilliant color and clarity in my work, and i always answer daniel smith!” carmen from the usa “walnut ink is delicious, with beautiful depth of colour.” lyn e. “i love the incredible variety of colours…being able to rely on daniel smith’s quality is a major component of a successful work of art.” angus from scotland “daniel smith watercolors provide the music in my work. their rich colors delight and inspire me, making my brush dance as i respond to my subject.” stella from the usa “daniel smith colours are very rich and vibrant…they give the artist an inner joy that is unparalleled and very satisfying.” rajat from india “i love your paints, so magical and the minerals are exquisite. i am newer to watercolour and i fell in love with your vast array of colour and your featured artists.” judith from canada “the new website is fantastic! so clean, so fast to load and easy to navigate. love the content, particularly putting the color charts up front.” laurin from the usa “i absolutely love your new website and the way you’ve displayed color swatches, especially the side by side swatches. well done!” susan from the usa “john cogley is consistently enthusiastic when talking with artists about his products – he genuinely feels the joy!” sanjay d. “your programs have helped me understand colors more than all of the classes i have taken.” mary o. “i love traveling with my daniel smith dot cards, just in case i need that one color not in my palette!” karen “i love all your gorgeous watercolours and i appreciate john’s weekly discussions with all the creative artists who generously share their knowledge.” shelley “you give our customers knowledge. everyone is on fire for daniel smith, with a renewed passion for water media – thank you!” joseph subscribe to our email list for creative inspiration!we’ll only send you the good stuff, no spam. subscribedaniel smith is a leading global manufacturer of artist-quality paints and mediums, including watercolor, gouache and water-soluble oils. this website uses google translate to instantly and automatically translate content into multiple languages. please contact us if you discover inaccurate auto-translations so that we can make corrections. © copyright 2012 - 2024 daniel smith | cookie policy page load link we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent.cookie settingsaccept allmanage consent close privacy overview this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. necessary necessary always enabled necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. cookiedurationdescription_abck1 yearthis cookie is used to detect and defend when a client attempt to replay a cookie.this cookie manages the interaction with online bots and takes the appropriate actions.ak_bmsc2 hoursthis cookie is used by akamai to optimize site security by distinguishing between humans and bots.bm_sz4 hoursthis cookie is set by the provider akamai bot manager. this cookie is used to manage the interaction with the online bots. it also helps in fraud preventionscookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "advertisement".cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data. functional functional functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. cookiedurationdescription_mcid1 yeara functionality cookie placed by mailchimp to manage and control lists.store_locator_latsessionnecessary to find the user’s location, and locate the dealers. to determine your location and provide the nearest distributors.store_locator_lngsessionnecessary to find the user’s location, and locate the dealers. to determine your location and provide the nearest distributors. performance performance performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. analytics analytics analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. cookiedurationdescription_ga2 yearsthis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._ga_5cy6tpqszl2 yearsthis cookie is installed by google analytics._gat_gtag_ua_198166404_11 minutethis cookie is set by google and is used to distinguish users._gid1 daythis cookie is installed by google analytics. the cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. the data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form.consent16 years 4 months 13 days 6 hours 28 minutesthese cookies are set via embedded youtube-videos. they register anonymous statistical data on for example how many times the video is displayed and what settings are used for playback.no sensitive data is collected unless you log in to your google account, in that case your choices are linked with your account, for example if you click “like” on a video. advertisement advertisement advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. cookiedurationdescriptionide1 year 24 daysused by google doubleclick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. this is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.test_cookie15 minutesthis cookie is set by doubleclick.net. the purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.visitor_info1_live5 months 27 daysthis cookie is set by youtube. used to track the information of the embedded youtube videos on a website.yscsessionthis cookies is set by youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos.yt-remote-connected-devicesneverthese cookies are set via embedded youtube-videos.yt-remote-device-idneverthese cookies are set via embedded youtube-videos. others others other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. save & accept powered by english english 日本語 français italiano deutsch 简体中文 español nederlands українська go to top