来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228042121/https://www.balsamhill.com/help-warranty-information
================================================================================

balsam hill product warranties | balsam hill enter to win a trip to the macy's parade® check order status 1.888.552.2572 help my account search artificial christmas trees realism most realistic realistic traditional height under 6 feet 6 - 6.5 feet 7 - 7.5 feet 8 - 9 feet 10 - 14 feet 15 - 30 feet light type led clear led multi led color + clear incandescent clear incandescent multi incandescent color + clear unlit shape full narrow slim flatbacks potted trees easy setup flip tree™ pre-fluffed™ easy plug™ price under $300 $300 - $599 $600 - $899 $900 - $1200 over $1200 top searches: white christmas trees led christmas trees best artificial christmas trees balsam fir christmas tree fraser fir christmas tree new led color+clear™ shop our exclusive energy-saving lights » why balsam hill? learn about the balsam hill difference » unmatched ease of setup shop our exclusive flip trees™ » wreaths & garlands size 18" - 26" wreaths 28" - 32" wreaths 36" - 42" wreaths 48" - 60" wreaths 5' - 7' garlands 8' - 10' garlands light type battery-operated led clear incandescent clear incandescent & led multi unlit foliage decorated most realistic traditional price under $60 $60 - $100 $100 - $200 over $200 other greenery swags teardrops centerpieces potted trees hangers & storage top searches: outdoor wreaths wreath storage fall wreaths boxwood wreath topiaries cordless convenience shop battery-operated foliage » stunning realism shop the most realistic wreaths & garlands » autumn harvest shop fall foliage » christmas decorations tree decorations & accessories ornament sets tree skirts tree toppers & angels tree picks ribbon & garlands european glass ornaments tree stands & collars stockings & holders christmas lights storage collectibles animated decorations collectibles & figures snow globes nativities life-size characters home décor outdoor lights & decorations advent & decorative accents candles & holders tabletop trees christmas scents top searches: nutcrackers santa figures christmas tree skirts holiday table decor wreath storage christmas lights shop the look find your unique style to create a designer look shop decorating themes » christmas gift guide find the perfect gift for everyone on your list shop gifts » fall décor halloween décor fall foliage harvest & thanksgiving décor candles & holders entertaining & fire pits artificial florals top searches: flameless candles bewitching delights shop halloween » new arrivals sale fall decor on sale christmas trees on sale christmas wreaths on sale christmas decorations on sale artificial florals on sale top deals clearance « back to main page balsam hill™ product warranties balsam hill™ premium guarantee at balsam hill™ we take great pride in the craftsmanship of each of our products. while we strive to provide the best quality products available, occasionally a product will arrive with a lighting or foliage issue. please inspect your purchase and notify us of any damage by contacting customer service. our team is happy to evaluate the issue and provide assistance in resolving it as quickly as possible. for foliage and lighting issues, we will work with you to find the quickest and easiest solution and are pleased to send a replacement of any damaged or malfunctioning part. if a replacement part is available, an order for it will be immediately placed for arrival within 3 business days. during peak season, replacement sections of pre-lit trees may not be immediately available; if this happens to be the case, we have most styles of light strands available for shipment and sections can be restrung using our easy-to-follow video, and a replacement section will be manufactured and sent following the christmas season. if your product is no longer available for sale on our website or has been redesigned, the parts will likely have to be manufactured. balsam hill™ general information on product warranties we are pleased to offer an extended warranty on our artificial christmas trees, wreaths and garlands in our signature and classic collections. if you have any questions or problems with your tree or foliage, please first refer to our assembly, use, and care instructions, which is included with your product and can be accessed online. this convenient guide answers many common questions regarding tree set up, and lighting. often lighting and foliage problems can be resolved by following the simple troubleshooting steps found in this guide. if you have a problem or question you cannot resolve by following the troubleshooting section of your guide, please contact our customer service team to troubleshoot with you and to find the best solution to your issue. warranty review and pre-authorization balsam hill™ requests that you be prepared to troubleshoot the problem with our customer service team. photos may be requested to assist our product development team in improving our products. balsam hill reserves the right to repair or replace any part(s) serviced under warranty. all repair service must be pre-authorized by our customer service team. product replacement our goal is to service your product under warranty as soon as possible; however, our items are handmade and the time needed to repair or manufacture a replacement may vary during the year. in most cases, if your product is no longer available for sale on our website or has been redesigned, the parts will have to be manufactured. in the unlikely event we need to replace your entire product, it will be replaced with a product of your choice of equal or lesser value paid. in certain circumstances and at our sole discretion, we may ask you to donate the original product to a qualified 501(c)(3) charitable, educational, religious or scientific organization in lieu of shipping the item back to us. if we elect this option, a customer service agent will provide you with further details regarding this process. exclusions from warranty our foliage and light warranties exclude burned-out bulbs and normal wear and tear. our warranties are non-transferable and apply to the original purchaser of the product. warranties become void if the item is damaged due to misuse or neglect, is intentionally altered or is used outside of the united states, canada or puerto rico. we do not offer warranties on accessory products including ornaments, tree skirts, rolling tree stands, and other décor. please check the product page for product specific warranty details. if you choose to return your tree rather than participate in our premium guarantee and warranty, it will be treated as a standard return. please review our return policy for additional details. balsam hill™ tree & foliage warranties the balsam hill™ tree & foliage warranties guarantee the quality of our frame, foliage, hinges and tree stand. any repair or replacement of defects in those parts are fully covered by the warranty within the specified time frame. repair or replacement of lights are covered by the balsam hill™ light warranty. the balsam hill™ ten-year tree & foliage limited warranty applies to the following non-clearance products: trees and foliage 12' and under in our aspen christmas, vermont signature, napa christmas, and smoky mountain christmas signature collections the balsam hill™ five-year tree & foliage limited warranty applies to the following non-clearance products: trees and foliage in our classics collection trees over 12' in all collections all decorated wreaths, garlands, swags, and other foliage items in all collections* if you believe your product is in need of warranty service, please contact customer service to authorize a repair under warranty. exclusions to foliage warranty *the warranty for decorated items is for foliage only; added items such as berries, fruit, twigs, flowers, and pinecones are excluded from warranty. these items require special attention during storage to minimize wear and tear. if added items loosen or become unattached to your product, they can be easily nestled into the foliage or reapplied with a strong adhesive for more permanent placement. balsam hill™ light warranty the balsam hill™ three-year limited light warranty applies to all non-clearance trees and foliage. most lighting questions and problems can be resolved by referring to our helpful assembly, use, and care instructions which is included with your tree and can be accessed online. this guide answers common lighting questions and offers troubleshooting suggestions. replacement bulbs and lights our light warranties exclude burnt out bulbs. for your convenience, we have included a pack of complimentary replacement bulbs with your product. you may purchase additional replacement bulbs online or contact customer service for further assistance. if you have a problem with your lights that you cannot resolve by following the troubleshooting section of your guide, please contact our customer service. most styles of light strands are available for immediate shipment and include an easy to follow video to help you restring your lights. for lighting issues that require additional or unique parts, we will work to provide the parts based on availability; in some cases these parts need to be manufactured and will not be available during the holiday season. if your tree is no longer available for sale on our website, the parts will have to be manufactured. if you purchased before august 25, 2011, the details of your warranty may be slightly different, please contact customer service for assistance. balsam hill™ sixty-day warranty on clearance items balsam hill™ offers a 60-day warranty on all clearance trees, wreaths and garlands from our signature and classics collections. for this reason, we strongly suggest that customers who purchase an item during our clearance sales in late december/early january open and inspect their purchase immediately upon receipt, rather than waiting until the next holiday season. unfortunately, we cannot honor warranty requests for clearance items purchased the year prior to the current season. if you have a problem or question you cannot resolve by following the troubleshooting section of your assembly, use, and care instructions, please contact our customer service team within 60 days of receipt. we will be happy to troubleshoot with you and find the best solution to your issue. previous warranties light warranties before july 19, 2008 light warranties from july 20, 2008 to august 24, 2011 clearance warranties before august 25, 2011 balsam hill's 2006-07 three- or five-year light limited warranty note: this warranty applies to balsam hill products purchased before july 19, 2008. prelit trees, wreaths, and garlands in our signature collections (aspen christmas, vermont signature™, and napa christmas™) are covered by the five-year light limited warranty. products in the balsam hill classic collection are covered under the three-year light limited warranty. the specific light warranty is listed in each product description. if you have a problem with your lights that you cannot resolve by following the troubleshooting section of your “assembly, use, and care instructions” for your balsam hill christmas tree guide, please contact our customer service team. if we are unable to resolve your problems by email or phone, we will ship you a replacement light set so that you can repair your tree, wreath, or garland right away and enjoy it throughout the holidays. our special repair kit is designed so that you can return your product to full strength without the need to take down your tree and send it back to us for repair. should you experience any manufacturing defects with your lights during the six months since your original purchase, balsam hill will pick and repair or replace the defective parts at no charge to you. should you experience a defect after the first six months, we ask that you return the product to us at your expense, and we will repair and return the product to you at our expense. if for some reason we are unable to repair or replace the parts, we will replace the product with an identical one if available; otherwise, we will send you a new product of equal or greater value at our expense. our repair department is open annually from february through august. regrettably, we are unable to repair or replace products during our busy holiday season. please save a copy of your dated purchase receipt; balsam hill will not repair or replace products without a receipt. this warranty is non-transferable and applies to the original purchaser of the product. this warranty is only valid for items shipped within the contiguous usa. balsam hill's 2008-2010 three- or five-year light limited warranty note: this warranty applies to balsam hill products purchased between july 20, 2008 and august 24, 2011. the balsam hill three-year limited light warranty applies to the following non-clearance products: trees and foliage in our classics collection trees over 12’ in all collections the balsam hill five-year limited light warranty applies to the following non-clearance products: trees and foliage 12’ and under in our aspen christmas, vermont signature™, smoky mountain christmas™, and napa christmas™; signature collections most lighting questions and problems can be easily solved by referring to our helpful assembly, use, and care instructions which is included with your tree and can be accessed online. this convenient guide answers many common lighting questions and has a helpful troubleshooting section. please note that our light warranties exclude burned out bulbs. for your convenience, we have included a pack of complimentary replacement bulbs with your product. if you have a problem with your lights that you cannot resolve by following the troubleshooting section of your guide, please contact our customer service team. please note that our repair department is open annually from february through august. if you have any problem with your tree during the holiday season, please contact customer service for troubleshooting assistance. we want you to be able to enjoy your tree throughout the holiday season. if we are unable to resolve a lighting problem by email or phone during the holiday season, we will be happy to ship you a complimentary replacement light set. this replacement light set is provided to allow you to add working lights to your tree so you do not have to send in your product for repair and may enjoy it throughout the holiday season. we will then be happy to service your lighting under warranty when our repair department opens in february through august. as of 7/27/09, in the first eighteen months after your purchase, balsam hill will pick up and pay for return shipping and delivery of products authorized under the warranty service. after the first eighteen months, you may return the product to us at your expense, and we will service and return the product to you at our expense. balsam hill reserves the right to repair or replace any part(s) of the product serviced under warranty. if you purchased before 7/27/09 please contact customer service for assistance. if you would like to return your tree, instead of servicing it under warranty, your order will be treated as a return and you will be subject to our return policy. please see our return policy for more details. all repair service must be pre-authorized by our customer service department. balsam hill will not repair or replace products without a receipt or without pre-authorization. this warranty is non-transferable and applies to the original purchaser of the product. this warranty is only valid for items shipped and used within the 50 united states and canada. all warranty service must be authorized by contacting customer service. balsam hill's 2008-2010 thirty-day clearance warranty note: this warranty applies to balsam hill clearance products purchased before august 25, 2011. other clearance products are covered under the current warranty. balsam hill offers a 30-day warranty on all clearance items. if you have a problem or question you cannot resolve by following the troubleshooting section of your assembly, use, and care instructions, please contact our customer service team. if you have a problem with your tree, please notify us within 30 days of receipt and we will be happy to troubleshoot with you and find the best solution to your issue. if warranty service is necessary, balsam hill will pick up and pay for return shipping and delivery of products authorized under the warranty service in the first 30 days after original purchase. we reserve the right to repair or replace any part(s) of the product serviced under warranty. if you would like to return your tree, instead of servicing it under warranty, your order will be treated as a return and you will be subject to our return policy. please see our return policy for more details. all repair service must be pre-authorized by our customer service department. balsam hill will not repair or replace products without a receipt or without pre-authorization. this warranty is non-transferable and applies to the original purchaser of the product. this warranty is only valid for items shipped and used within the 50 united states and canada. « back to main page get inspired discover the latest holiday products and decorating styles receive our best promotions and offers be the first to know about our giveaways sign up thank youfor signing up to receive emailsfrom balsam hill. for expert advice call 1.888.55.balsamor email us » stay connected balsam hill on facebookbalsam hill on twitterbalsam hill on google plusbalsam hill on youtubebalsam hill on pinterestbalsam hill blog customer support faqcontact uscheck order statusshippingreturns & exchangeswarrantyrequest a catalogcatalog unsubscribeemail preferencescorporate salesdesign trade programsubmit a review resources & ideas resource centertree buyer's guidebranch sample kittree setup & storagetree decorating ideasdesigns seen on tvblogvideos company information about usthe balsam hill differencestore locationsin the mediacharitable givingcareersterms & privacy change country ▾ australia france germany united kingdom shop with confidence * shipping outside the continental us will incur additional shipping fees. copyright © 2017 balsam hill ® all rights reserved. please enter a valid email address loading... currencycountryselector.heading currencycountryselector.country.label {{country.name}} currencycountryselector.currency.label {{currency.isocode}} ({{currency.symbol}}) currencycountryselector.continue.label we're sorry. your form has expired due to 30 minutes of inactivity. continue we're sorry. retry