来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228042121/https://www.balsamhill.com/c/artificial-christmas-trees
================================================================================

artificial christmas trees | balsam hill limited quantities order now check order status 1.888.552.2572 help my account search artificial christmas trees realism most realistic realistic traditional height under 6 feet 6 - 6.5 feet 7 - 7.5 feet 8 - 9 feet 10 - 14 feet 15 - 30 feet light type led clear led multi led color + clear incandescent clear incandescent multi incandescent color + clear unlit shape full narrow slim flatbacks potted trees easy setup flip tree™ pre-fluffed™ easy plug™ price under $300 $300 - $599 $600 - $899 $900 - $1200 over $1200 top searches: white christmas trees led christmas trees best artificial christmas trees balsam fir christmas tree fraser fir christmas tree clear, multi, or both shop exclusive color+clear™ lights » why balsam hill? learn about the balsam hill difference » unmatched ease of setup shop our exclusive flip trees™ » wreaths & garlands size 18" - 26" wreaths 28" - 32" wreaths 48" - 60" wreaths 5' - 7' garlands 8' - 10' garlands light type battery-operated led clear incandescent clear incandescent & led multi unlit foliage decorated outdoor safe most realistic traditional price under $60 $60 - $100 $100 - $200 over $200 other greenery swags teardrops centerpieces potted trees hangers & storage top searches: outdoor safe wreath storage fall wreaths boxwood wreath topiaries elegantly festive shop pre-decorated foliage » stunningly realistic shop our most realistic foliage » outdoor safe shop weather and uv resistant foliage » christmas decorations tree decorations & accessories ornament sets tree skirts tree toppers & angels tree picks ribbon & garlands european glass ornaments tree stands & collars stockings & holders christmas tree lights storage collectibles animated decorations collectibles & figures snow globes nativities life-size characters home décor outdoor lights & decorations advent & decorative accents candles & holders tabletop trees christmas scents top searches: nutcrackers santa figures christmas tree skirts holiday table decor wreath storage christmas lights shop the look find your unique style to create a designer look shop decorating themes » home décor candles & holders entertaining & fire pits artificial florals harvest & thanksgiving décor fall foliage halloween décor top searches: flameless candles cast a warm glow shop flameless candles& holders » clearance sale top deals christmas trees on sale christmas wreaths on sale christmas decorations on sale fall decor on sale artificial florals on sale final clearance beautifully crafted lifelike christmas trees bring home the wonder and joy of the seasonwith a tree so realistic it’s magical. shop by realism shop by height shop by light type shop by shape shop by easy setup shop by price shop all trees » shop by realism shop by height shop by light type shop by shape shop by easy setup shop by price shop all trees » most realistic our premier trees with +65% true needle™ foliage for outstanding realism. shop now » realistic trees with up to 65% true needle™ foliage with classic needle strategically placed for fullness. shop now » traditional our most cost-effective trees crafted with 100% classic needle (pvc) foliage. shop now » under 6 feet a range of smaller sizes for limited spaces. shop now » 6 - 6½ feet just the right size for low ceilings. shop now » 7 - 7½ feet the best choice for standard 8-foot ceilings. shop now » 8 - 9 feet ideal for spaces with high ceilings. shop now » 10 - 14 feet perfect for public spaces and vaulted ceilings. shop now » 15 - 30 feet spectacular showpieces for grand displays. shop now » led clear our exclusive candlelight™ leds combine the efficiency of leds with a soft, warm glow reminiscent of a candle’s flame. shop now » led multi our energy-efficient classic color™ leds create a festive glow without the intense glare of standard leds. shop now » led color+clear™ our energy-efficient led color+clear™ lights let you choose between clear lights, colored lights, or both. shop now » incandescent clear enjoy a timeless look with pre-lit trees featuring clear, commercial-grade lights that last over 3,300 hours. shop now » incandescent multi make your holiday merry and bright with a pre-lit trees that features a festive mix of red, green, blue, and yellow lights. shop now » incandescent color+clear™ select clear lights, colored lights, or both at the same time for a spectacular showpiece with at least 30% more lights that a standard pre-lit tree. shop now » full a classic silhouette makes these trees our most popular choice. shop now » narrow trees with a smaller footprint – ideal when space is a consideration. shop now » slim slender options perfect for tight spaces without sacrificing on tree height. shop now » flatback get the look of a full tree, but save space with only half the footprint. shop now » potted all the beauty of a balsam hill tree accented with a stylish vessel or urn. shop now » flip tree™ no heavy lifting. just role the tree base into place, flip it, and attach the treetop. includes easy plug. shop now » pre-fluffed™ less time fluffing. professionally-shaped memory wire branches fan out on unboxing. includes easy plug. shop now » easy plug™ lights connect through the trunk. the only plug you touch is the one that goes into the wall. shop now » under $300 shop now » $300 - $600 shop now » $600 - $900 shop now » $900 - $1,200 shop now » over $1,200 shop now » close inspired by nature our exclusive true needle™ foliage is modeled afterreal evergreen branches to beautifully replicatenature’s design. featured branches (clockwise from top left):bh balsam fir, vermont white spruce, coloradomountain spruce, bh noble fir, norway spruce click tolearn more close the true needle™ process how we replicate nature with precision. our founder studies and photographs trees in their natural environment. we refrigerate real branch specimens at our manufacturing facility and reference them in the development process. 3d branch prototypes are refined until they look just like nature. we use the final prototypes to make production molds and optimize each mold to remove the slightest imperfections. branches are color-matched against real specimens, and then dipped, sprayed, and hand-painted to produce the true-to-nature look that defines true needle foliage. the journey of a balsam hill tree take a peek inside our exclusive process of creating highly realistic trees with our founder, thomas harman. choosing a realism level for your tree most realistic more than 65% true needle (pe) foliage for outstanding realism. incredibly lifelike whether viewed from 30 feet or 3 inches away with classic needle (pvc) foliage used near the trunk to enhance fullness. realistic a mix of true needle (pe) and classic needle (pvc) foliage, balancing realism and budget. true needle branches compose the more visible exterior of the tree, while classic needles form a lush, full interior. traditional our most cost-effective trees with 100% classic needle (pvc) foliage. only top-quality classic needle for high needle density, reduced shedding, and rich color that won’t fade. "the bh fraser fir is breathtakingly beautiful and realistic. i have gotten many compliments,and find myself thinking, 'why did i wait so long.' once you purchase one of balsam hill'srealistic trees, you won't settle for anything less." pgh lew from pittsburgh, pennsylvania, owner of the bh fraser fir tree most realistic trees more than 65% true needle foliage foroutstanding realism. shop most realistic » realistic trees an artful mix of true needle and classicfoliage to balance realism and budget. shop realistic » traditional trees affordable options with classic foliage andthe same balsam hill™ quality construction. shop traditional » setup made simple quick and easy setup means balsam hill trees saveyou time for what matters most. featuring the bh balsam fir flip tree™ click tolearn more close no sweat setup & storage our exclusive flip tree is engineered for ultimate convenience. roll & flip setup no more heavy lifting—just wheel the tree baseinto place on a built-in rolling stand, flip it over,and attach the smaller treetop. effortless lighting easy plug light strings connect through the trunkso that the only plug you need to touch is the onethat goes into the wall. convenient storage simply remove the treetop and flip the base backover. slip the included cover over the tree and rollit into storage. tree stores upright, saving space. flip trees in action watch how our exclusive flip tree transitions from storage to display in seconds. learn about flip tree 1:15 flip tree setup 1:15 flip tree storage 0:41 additional easy setup options pre-fluffed trees each tree is individually hand-shaped byprofessionals prior to shipping. strong memory wirebranches fan out as you set up, so fluffing takes lesstime. all pre-fluffed trees come with easy plug. easy plug trees our innovative lighting system features pre-connected light strands through the trunk, so the onlyplug you need is the one that goes into the wall.included on all pre-lit flip and pre-fluffed trees. "after unpacking the tree, i flipped the base over and plugged it in. wow! even without anyfluffing this is one great looking tree. i added the top piece and there it was, our new tree." greg from ottawa, canada, owner of the bh balsam fir flip tree flip trees™ no heavy lifting. just roll the tree baseinto place, flip it, and attach the treetop. shop flip trees™ » pre-fluffed™ trees less time fluffing. professionally shapedmemory wire branches instantly fan out. shop pre-fluffed » easy plug trees no visible connections. lights connectthrough the trunk with a single plug. shop easy-plug™ » crafted with care we thoughtfully refined all of the standard tree features—andthen we added a few more to surprise and delight. sleek connection easy plug technology connectslight strings inside the trunklimiting the appearance of wires. artful foliage design true needle foliage forms a highlyrealistic exterior with classic needlesplaced inside for fullness. scratch-proof stand rubber feet help keep floors cleanand beautiful. strong top tip reinforced top branch keepsangels upright and stars secure. perfect glow professionally hand-strung lightsare evenly spaced providing anoptimal warm glow. hassle-free setup hinged branches fold out foreasy setup and back in forsimple storage. extras soft cotton gloves for fluffing storage bag/s for the off-season extra bulbs & fuses warranty 10-year foliage warranty on allsignature trees 5-year foliage warranty on allclassic trees 3-year light warranty on allpre-lit trees free shipping on all orders within thecontiguous usa the perfect fit from quaint cabins to grand entry halls, we have the right treefor your space. shop by height choose a tree that is 6 inches shorter than your ceiling or 18inches shorter if using a tree topper. under6 feet » 6-6.5feet » 7-7.5feet » 8-9feet » 10-14feet » 15-30feet » shop by shape choose a full tree for open areas, a narrow tree for modestrooms, or slim tree for tight spaces. fulltrees » narrowtrees » slimtrees » pottedtrees » flatbacktrees » light up your holidays choose from a variety of professionally hand-strunglighting options, from leds to incandescent bulbs. featuring the vermont white sprucewith color + clear lights click tolearn more close benefits of a balsam hill pre-lit tree professionallyhand-strung thoughtfully placed and evenlyspaced lights with minimalappearance of wires. optimized bulbbrightness exclusive filament andled tones cast a warm, candle-like glow. easy plugtechnology avoid tangles with pre-connectedlight strings inside the trunk.available on most trees. longer lastinglights incandescent bulbs last over3,300 hours and leds won't everburn out. warm led lighting our specially designed clear candlelight™ leds and multicolor classic color™ leds provide energyefficiency and a soft holiday glow. balsam hill candlelight led™ vs. competitor's regular white led exclusive color + clear™ lighting our color + clear remote-controlled lighting system offers threeoptions in one. select clear lights for an enchanting glow, multicolorfor a festive mood, or select both for a showstopper. each tree is strung with both clear and colored strands, offering atleast 30% more lights than our standard pre-lit options. "the ability to switch from clear, to multi, and to both lights is perfect. you can change the mood ofthe tree and the room in an instant." sharon from barefoot bay, florida, owner of the color + clear™norway spruce narrow tree led pre-lit trees energy-efficient lights that won't burn out. incandescent pre-lit trees traditional christmas lights that last 3,300 hours or more. shop ledclear lights » shop ledmulti lights » shop ledcolor+clear™ » shopclear lights » shopmulti lights » shopcolor+clear™ » prefer to string your own lights? shop our unlit trees. a decade of holidays with balsam hill the only thing we love more than spreading christmas cheer is learning how balsam hill inspiresspecial moments with family and friends. as we celebrate more than 10 years together, we want toshare a few favorite memories from some of our very first customers. as featured on: view all media mentions » need help getting started? best-selling trees browse some of ourcustomers' favorites shop bestsellers » try before you buy see and feel the needles rightin your home get branch sample kit » holiday decorating guides get tips and ideas fromdesign experts view our resource center » home > artificial christmas trees balsam hill™ creates the most realistic artificial christmas trees ever produced. designed by balsam hill exclusively for our customers, each balsam hill christmas tree is crafted for exceptional quality, beauty and convenience. all trees 12' and under in our aspen christmas™, vermont signature™, napa christmas™ and smoky mountain™ christmas collections come with our 10-year tree and foliage and 3-year light limited warranty. shop our entire collection of artificial christmas trees, including our popular pre-lit christmas trees. our exclusive true needle™ technology employs bi-colored molded plastic to meticulously recreate mother nature's best christmas trees. the artificial christmas trees in our signature collections are more than just fake christmas trees - they are modeled after natural evergreens, capturing not only the color and needle structure, but the overall branch and tree shape as well. our artificial trees also eliminate the hassles and messes that accompany natural trees. with our hinged branches and lightweight, collapsible stands, setup is simple. your christmas tree will be ready to decorate in no time, particularly if it has christmas lights pre-installed. your balsam hill artificial christmas tree will look flawless all season long, and for years to come. with four signature artificial christmas tree collections, including aspen christmas signature, vermont signature, napa christmas signature, and smoky mountain christmas signature, balsam hill aims to provide a beautiful unlit or pre-lit tree for any christmas style. if you are visiting outside the us, please visit our respective balsam hill international pages. for the united kingdom, try our artificial christmas trees uk page. for australia, visit our artificial christmas trees australia page. for france see: arbres de noel. for germany see: kã¼nstliche weihnachtsbã¤ume. get inspired discover the latest holiday products and decorating styles receive our best promotions and offers be the first to know about our giveaways sign up thank youfor signing up to receive emailsfrom balsam hill. for expert advice call 1.888.55.balsamor email us » stay connected balsam hill on facebookbalsam hill on twitterbalsam hill on google plusbalsam hill on youtubebalsam hill on pinterestbalsam hill blog customer support faqcontact uscheck order statusshippingreturns & exchangeswarrantyrequest a catalogcatalog unsubscribeemail preferencescorporate salesdesign trade programsubmit a review resources & ideas resource centertree buyer's guidebranch sample kittree setup & storagetree decorating ideasdesigns seen on tvblogvideos company information about usthe balsam hill differencestore locationsin the mediacharitable givingcareersterms & privacy change country ▾ australia france germany united kingdom shop with confidence * shipping outside the continental us will incur additional shipping fees. copyright © 2018 balsam hill ® all rights reserved. please enter a valid email address loading... currencycountryselector.heading currencycountryselector.country.label {{country.name}} currencycountryselector.currency.label {{currency.isocode}} ({{currency.symbol}}) currencycountryselector.continue.label we're sorry. your form has expired due to 30 minutes of inactivity. continue we're sorry. retry