来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231230837/https://www.balsamhill.com/corporate-philanthropy
================================================================================

balsam hill charity events | balsam hill check order status 1.888.552.2572 help my account search fall décor fall foliage halloween décor harvest & thanksgiving décor candles & holders dining & home décor top searches: flameless candles artificial christmas trees realism most realistic realistic traditional height under 6 feet 6 - 6.5 feet 7 - 7.5 feet 8 - 9 feet 10 - 14 feet 15 - 30 feet light type led clear led multi led color + clear incandescent clear incandescent multi incandescent color + clear unlit shape full narrow slim flatbacks potted trees easy setup flip tree™ pre-fluffed™ easy plug™ price under $300 $300 - $599 $600 - $899 $900 - $1200 over $1200 top searches: artificial christmas trees realistic christmas trees christmas trees for sale balsam hill flip tree 7.5 ft christmas tree wreaths & garlands size 18" - 26" wreaths 28" - 32" wreaths 36" - 42" wreaths 48" - 60" wreaths 5' - 7' garlands 8' - 10' garlands light type battery-operated led clear incandescent clear incandescent & led multi unlit foliage decorated outdoor safe most realistic traditional price under $60 $60 - $100 $100 - $200 over $200 other greenery swags teardrops centerpieces potted trees hangers & storage top searches: wreaths christmas garland battery operated wreaths outdoor christmas wreaths swags christmas decorations tree decorations & accessories ornament sets tree skirts tree toppers & angels tree picks ribbon & garlands european glass ornaments tree stands & collars stockings & holders christmas tree lights storage collectibles animated decorations collectibles & figures snow globes nativities life-size characters home décor outdoor lights & decorations advent & decorative accents candles & holders tabletop trees christmas scents top searches: christmas ornaments christmas tree skirts tree topper christmas tree picks christmas ribbon outdoor christmas decor faux florals wreaths & greenery flower arrangements topiaries & plants flower stems fragrances & accessories outdoor décor sale christmas trees on sale christmas wreaths on sale christmas decorations on sale fall decor on sale spring florals & décor on sale top deals balsam hillcharity events balsam hill engages in a variety of community activities that help strengthen families and support those in need. tis the other season, balsam hill gives back for our annual christmas in july campaign, we are featuring four charities on our facebook page and are inviting readers to donate to their causes. from july 2-31, readers can like, react, comment, and share on our charity campaign posts. each like, love, and wow is worth $0.50, while a comment and share are worth $1 each. on july 31, readers will have one more chance to donate by simply commenting the name of their charity of choice on a special post for another $1 contribution. at the end of the campaign, balsam hill will tally all engagements to determine the total amount raised for each charity, then match each cent with a corresponding donation. all donations will benefit these charitable organizations: feed the children feed the children exists to defeat childhood hunger and is one of the largest us-based charities that serves those in need in the us and in 10 countries around the world. through their partnerships and programs, in fiscal year 2017 feed the children’s outreach benefited approximately 6.4 million children and families globally. since their inception in 1979, their mission has been to provide hope and resources for those without life’s essentials. this mission can only be fulfilled by dedicated partners, donors, and volunteers working together. feed the children believes that a future without hungry children is possible, and collaboration is the only way to end childhood hunger. junior achievement of idaho junior achievement of idaho's purpose is to inspire and prepare young people to succeed in a global economy. junior achievement maintains an active vision on how the organization can have a positive impact on the lives of more students while being guided by these core values: belief in the boundless potential of young people; commitment to the principles of market-based economics and entrepreneurship; passion for what they do and honesty, integrity, and excellence in how they do it; respect for the talents, creativity, perspectives, and backgrounds of all individuals; belief in the power of partnership and collaboration; and conviction in the education and motivational impact of relevant, hands-on learning. point hope point hope's mission is to raise awareness and champion the cause of forgotten children. they believe that greatness can be found in service. people who aspire to be truly great are those who are serve the most vulnerable and who are helpers of humanity. the organization’s aim is to be the voice for forgotten children and their families in usa and in africa. they work with volunteers, ambassadors, and donors to help restore hope, provide purpose, and save lives in marginalized communities. team music is love through her team music is love charity initiative, singer-songwriter martina mcbride invites fans to join her in making the world a better place. the organization’s initiatives have included a breast cancer research grant at vanderbilt ingram cancer center in nashville, tennessee, and a therapeutic music program for orphaned children at covenant house in guatemala city, guatemala. martina also used her love unleashed concert tour as an opportunity to spread love and feed those in need by partnering with food banks to hold mass food drops in many of the cities on the tour. through team music is love, people from around the nation and the world have joined martina’s global charity movement. to join our charity event, visit our facebook page. together we can help raise awareness and support those who need it most. a charitable christmas in july in july of 2017, balsam hill partnered with four charities to help raise funds for different causes. for every engagement on campaign related social media posts, balsam hill matched with a corresponding donation. we were able to raise a combined $5,348.50 for the following participating charities: show more alzheimer's association of greater idaho the alzheimer's association provides care and support for all those affected by alzheimer’s and other dementias. by funding research and leading through advocacy, the association is committed to accelerating the global progress of new treatments, preventions, and ultimately, a cure. make a donation here. second harvest food bank of east central indiana second harvest’s mission is to feed the hungry, address the causes of food security, and empower people to become self-sufficient and free from hunger. it redistributes food that is considered unsellable but is nutritious and wholesome, feeding over 70,000 people daily in 8 counties. donate to the food bank today. ronald mcdonald house at stanford the ronald mcdonald house at stanford provides safe and supportive accommodation for families with critically ill children undergoing treatment at the lucille packard children’s hospital stanford and other facilities. a comprehensive mix of services engages all family members to help ease their burdens during their difficult situations. click here to find out how you can help. point hope point hope is the voice for abandoned youths, such as young refugees and foster children who have no families to care for them. their programs include providing clothing, care packages for teens, counseling, and mentoring. make a donation here. festival of trees 2016 last year, balsam hill participated as a distinguished benefactor for the st. alphonsus' festival of trees donating over 50 premium artificial trees for use throughout the festival. balsam hill also decorated a tree to be donated directly to the st. alphonsus nicu, in the hopes of brightening the holidays for families with children undergoing care and treatment. christmas in july with operation smile last july, balsam hill partnered with operation smile to help raise funds for children born with cleft lips and pallets all around the world. for every comment on the campaign's facebook post, balsam hill donated $5. for every share and like, balsam hill donated an additional $1. thanks to all the participants, we were able to raise $3,365 over the course of july. $29,701.50 amount raised through july 2016 the season of giving 2015 from november 16, 2015, through december 25, 2015, balsam hill is partnering with 4 charities as part of the season of giving. we will match 100% of donations up to $2,000, and 10% of any donations after that. for every $25 donation, we will send the donor a surprise christmas ornament. show more $5,376.50 amount raised through 2015 with match. the always dream foundation our mission is to to inspire undeserved children to reach for their dreams through innovative reading programs and by advancing the cause of early childhood literacy. $250   raised csaac at csaac our mission is to enable individuals with autism to achieve their highest potential and contribute as confident members of their community. $3,265   raised the dallas stars foundation our foundation focuses its efforts on providing support to the children of the community so they may lead quality lives and develop into contributing members of society. $25   raised my new red shoes my new red shoes helps homeless and low-income children look and feel confident as they start the school year by providing them with the gift of new clothing and shoes. $75   raised musicares musicares provides a safety net of critical assistance for music people in times of need. musicares' services and resources cover a wide range of financial, medical and personal emergencies, and each case is treated with integrity and confidentiality. $75   raised family house family house serves as a home away from home for families of children with cancer and other life-threatening illnesses by providing physical comfort and emotional support, free from financial concerns. $200   raised christmas in july 2015 it's july once again and although christmas is still a few months away, the spirit of giving is in the air. for the second consecutive year, we are organizing a christmas in july charity program as part of our continuing effort to raise funds for charitable institutions. balsam hill will match 100% of donations up to the first $1,000 raised for each charity, and then 10% of each subsequent amount. readers can donate to their favorite charity via a dedicated indiegogo page. as a token of gratitude, for each $50 contribution, donors will receive a mystery christmas ornament from balsam hill. show more $20,960 raised amount raised through july 2015 nvc foundation nvc foundation's nutrition program provides undernourished infants and young children in the philippines with a daily mingo meal for six months, giving them added nutrients for optimal growth. mingo is a nutritious, instant food powder that turns into a rich porridge when mixed with water. nvc targets undernourished infants, toddlers and young children during the vulnerable period of early growth. support a six-month feeding program for one child: $45 donate one mingo meal: $0.12 my new red shoes my new red shoes helps homeless and low-income children look and feel confident as they start the school year by providing them with new clothing and shoes and by rallying youth and adults around this effort through volunteer and educational opportunities for individuals, families, schools, corporations, and community groups. no kid hungry many kids who rely on school meals struggle to get enough to eat during the summer months. it's time to improve the way we feed kids when school is out of session. childhood hunger is a problem that threatens our children and our future. we're in danger of losing an entire generation of leaders, innovators and problem-solvers. but we are ending childhood hunger today. women's intercultural center to provide a place for women to learn and work together to develop their social, spiritual, economic and political potential. the women's intercultural center is a catalyst for transforming the lives of women; a tangible reminder to our daughters and immigrant women that they are worth the effort. food for bay area families for many working families in the bay area, the rising cost of living can make the holidays a bittersweet time of year. balsam hill is happy to have been able to help those families by volunteering at the second harvest food bank in san carlos, where the team spent half a day sorting and packaging food that will go directly to those in need. to continue supporting the food for bay area families drive, the balsam hill showroom in burlingame is also a collection station for food donations. through volunteers and partner organizations, the second harvest food bank is able to provide over a million pounds of food per week for bay area residents. to find out more about how you can help your local food bank, visit the second harvest food bank website. balsam hill team volunteering at second harvest food bank the season of giving christmas is once again around the corner; it's almost time to gather around the christmas tree with your family. please join us this holiday season by donating to a very important cause, and balsam hill will match 100% of your donation, up to $10,000 and 10% on anything exceeding $10,000. by clicking on the donate button of the charity below, you will be taken to an indiegogo page where you will be able to pledge whatever amount you can. for every $10 donated, the donor will be entered into a raffle for a chance to win one of 3 prizes: the grand prize is a full christmas decorating set, including an artificial christmas tree, 3 ornament sets, a tree topper and tree skirt. the #2 prize is a $500 gift card to balsam hill. the #3 prize is a $250 gift card to balsam hill. the winners may request balsam hill to donate the value of their prize to a charity instead of claiming the prize. please make your donations before the campaign's end on the 15th of december. show more $20,340 raised amount raised through christmas 2014 african leadership foundation the african leadership foundation is a non-profit organization that supports transformative change in africa by developing and connecting the continent's next generation of leaders. we gather the most outstanding 15-19 year olds for study through the rigorous cambridge university a-level curriculum. embrace global our mission is to advance maternal and child health by delivering innovative solutions to the world's most vulnerable populations. we believe that every woman and child deserves an equal chance for a healthy life. nuru international nuru international ends extreme poverty in remote, rural areas by equipping local leaders with the tools and knowledge to build self-sustaining, self-scaling impact programs to lift their communities out of extreme poverty within seven years. nvc foundation our mission is to provide sustainable livelihoods to disadvantaged communities, as well as child development through proper nutrition, holistic education, and a wholesome family life. we harness the power of private citizens to create positive and lasting change. project yesu our mission is to providing food, medicine and education to the children of uganda. as mahatma gandhi once said "be the change you want to see in the world". we have accepted the challenge to be the change, will you? christmas in july 2014 christmas is the holiday of giving, and july is the perfect reminder that christmas is only half a year away, and it's time to start giving. this year, balsam hill partnered with 10 bloggers, through july 31st, to help raise awareness and funds for charities. each blogger ran a fundraising event for the charity of her choice on her own blog as well as a dedicated indiegogo page, while balsam hill matched 100% of all donations, up to $1000 per charity. show more $8,784 raised kawasaki disease foundation kawasaki disease foundation strives to be at the forefront of kawasaki disease issues by uniting the personal insight of families with the expertise of medical professionals. kristen meet kristen salazar, a diy blogger living in san diego with her 3 boys, 2 dogs and husband. visit her blog » the humane society the humane society of the united states is the nation's largest and most effective animal protection organization. they conduct campaigns, advocate for better animal protection laws and much more. fadra meet fadra nally, a wife, mother, writer, mommy blogger, marketer, explorer, do-gooder and lover of life. visit her blog » hope unlimited for children hope unlimited for children works to transform the lives of children at mortal risk, providing them and their future generations a productive future and eternal hope. heather & vanessa meet heather patterson and vanessa hunt, two sisters, two homes, running a blog about frugal décor, diy and recipes. visit her blog » project yesu the mission at project yesu is to provide food, medicine and education to the children of uganda. "be the change you want to see in the world" - mahatma ghandi amy meet amy latta, one artsy mama, who hopes her piece of the internet can be a place for people to create, share, love, and inspire. visit her blog » mothers without borders mothers without borders' goal is to send a message of hope and offer real solutions to the serious problems that are faced by children living in orphanages and on the streets of third world countries. erica meet erica nielson, who attempts to answers the whys of life. she's created a place for the purposeful wife and mom. visit her blog » american foundation for suicide prevention afsp is the nation's leading organization bringing together people across communities and backgrounds to understand and prevent suicide, and to help heal the pain it causes. diana meet diana miller, a mother of 3 who loves to create simple projects for holidays and events in under 30 minutes. visit her blog » families for hope, inc. families for hope, inc. is a nonprofit organization formed to address the needs of families and children diagnosed with holoprosencephaly (hpe) and related brain malformations. sarah meet sarah halstead, an avid photographer and writer who lives life in the moment with her husband and two boys. visit her blog » hope for paws hope for paws is a non-profit animal rescue organization we rescue animals suffering on the streets and in shelters. our goal is to educate people on the importance of companion animals in our society. michelle meet michelle sutter, a passionate writer who runs a blog about connecting, sharing and community building. visit her blog » national stroke association the national stroke association aims to raise awareness about the causes of strokes, along with educating people on how to avoid them. they also help stoke victims and their families to recover. cheryl meet cheryl bush, a self-taught crafter and designer who hopes to bring out the inner passion of art and design in others. visit her blog » the special olympics the mission of the special olympics is to provide year-round sports training and athletic competition in a variety of olympic-type sports for children and adults with intellectual disabilities. dagmar meet dagmar obert, an experienced designer whose how-to guides have inspired many to design their own dream home. visit her blog » typhoon yolanda (haiyan) relief on november 8, 2013, typhoon yolanda struck the philippines leaving a wake of devastation in its path, displacing over 500,000, and leaving thousands dead. our hearts go out to all the victims of this catastrophic storm. for balsam hill, typhoon yolanda struck particularly close to home not just because of its magnitude, but because many of our team members live in the philippines and were impacted by the storm either directly or indirectly. in the aftermath of the storm, balsam hill dispatched a team from the united states to join our team in the philippines and coordinate relief efforts. with all the media attention on cities like tacloban, it was the smaller villages like hernani that were most in need of aid. these villages were just as devastated, but were not as visible to the international community. within days, the balsam hill team put together 1900 lbs. of emergency supplies. working with local community members in cebu and guiuan, team members escorted the aid packages all the way from manila to hernani, and were able to provide some relief to this community by ensuring these supplies reached families that were most in need. almost a year on from typhoon yolanda, balsam hill continues to partner with local entities to help the local communities rebuild what they have lost. balsam hill hopes that you will join us in support of the relief and rebuilding effort in the philippines. if you are looking for a charity to which you may donate funds, we recommend: https://www.facebook.com/nvcfoundation. get inspired discover the latest holiday products and decorating styles receive our best promotions and offers be the first to know about our giveaways sign up thank youfor signing up to receive emailsfrom balsam hill. for expert advice call 1.888.55.balsamor email us » stay connected balsam hill on facebookbalsam hill on twitterbalsam hill on google plusbalsam hill on youtubebalsam hill on pinterestbalsam hill blog customer support faqcontact uscheck order statusshippingreturns & exchangeswarrantyrequest a catalogcatalog unsubscribeemail preferencescorporate salesdesign trade programsubmit a review resources & ideas resource centertree buyer's guidebranch sample kittree setup & storagetree decorating ideasdesigns seen on tvblogvideos company information about usthe balsam hill differencestore locationsin the mediacharitable givingcareersterms & privacy change country ▾ australia france germany united kingdom shop with confidence * shipping outside the contiguous us will incur additional shipping fees. copyright © 2018 balsam hill ® all rights reserved. please enter a valid email address loading... currencycountryselector.heading currencycountryselector.country.label {{country.name}} currencycountryselector.currency.label {{currency.isocode}} ({{currency.symbol}}) currencycountryselector.continue.label we're sorry. your form has expired due to 30 minutes of inactivity. continue we're sorry. retry