来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230044550/https://www.balsamhill.com/c/best-selling-artificial-christmas-trees
================================================================================

best artificial christmas trees 2020 | balsam hill skip to navigation skip to content skip to footer skip to accessibility page limited quantities order now » order status search » choose a category artificial christmas trees artificial christmas trees « back to all products artificial christmas trees realism realism « back to artificial christmas trees realism most realisticincredibly realistic trees using primarily our true needle™ award–winning foliage. realisticrealistic, affordable trees using a mix of true needle™ foliage & classic pvc needles. traditionalvery affordable trees reflecting balsam hill™ quality made from classic pvc needles. height height « back to artificial christmas trees height under 6 feetperfect for tabletops and secondary rooms. 6 - 6.5 feetdesigned for homes with low to average ceiling heights. 7 - 7.5 feetdesigned to fit most homes with average ceiling heights. 8 - 9 feetperfect to showcase in homes with high ceilings for a grand display. 10 - 14 feetperfect for public places or rooms with high ceilings. 15 - 18 feetideal for public spaces with high ceilings for a grand holiday display. easy setup easy setup « back to artificial christmas trees easy setup flip tree™stored upside-down on built-in rolling stand and flips into display position. pre-fluffed™light connections inside the trunk, and memory wire branches reduce fluffing. easy plug™light connections inside the trunk, so you just plug the tree into the wall. light type light type « back to artificial christmas trees light type led clearour energy-efficient candlelight™ led lights with a warm glow reminiscent of a candle's flame. clearenjoy the timeless look of clear lights. led multiour premium energy–saving multicolored led lights that never burn out. led color + clearenergy-efficient lighting system that lets you choose clear, multi or both. fairy lights & micro leditty-bitty lights that dazzle and delight. light show unlituse your own special lights on these unlit trees. shape shape « back to artificial christmas trees shape full treesour most popular choice for their lush profiles & sturdy branches. narrow treesnarrow-profile trees perfect for smaller rooms & apartments. slim treesour most slender trees for tight spaces, corners & foyers. flatback treesan elegant solution to small spaces, studios & small apartments. sparse treesorganic silhouettes ideal for showcasing your ornaments. wreaths & garlands wreaths & garlands « back to all products wreaths & garlands size size « back to wreaths & garlands size 18" - 26" wreathsideal for entryways, small spaces, and narrow doors. 28" - 34" wreathsmedium sized wreaths for standard single doors. 36" - 42" wreathslarger wreaths for mantels and larger doors. 48" - 60" wreathsperfect for over-sized spaces. 5' - 7' garlandsperfect accents for smaller mantels & entryways. 8' - 10' garlandsideal accents for mantels, doorways, and banisters. foliage foliage « back to wreaths & garlands foliage decoratedbeautiful, pre-decorated foliage that adds sophisticated elegance to your home. outdoor safecrafted with weather-resistant materials and uv protection. most realisticlifelike foliage featuring true needle™ technology and beautiful accents inspired by nature. traditionalour range of lovely yet affordable decorated and undecorated foliage made from classic pvc needles. light type light type « back to wreaths & garlands light type battery-operatedwireless, battery-operated led lights with convenient timer. led clearpremium energy-saving led lights available in clear or multicolor. clearenjoy the timeless look of clear lights. multi & led multiwarm your home with the festive glow of multicolored lights. unlitadd your own lights or leave your foliage unlit and elegant. other greenery other greeneryswags, centerpieces, storage... « back to wreaths & garlands other greenery swags potted trees christmas decorationsornaments, stockings, skirts, gifts... christmas decorationsornaments, stockings, skirts, gifts... « back to all products christmas decorations tree decorations tree decorationsornaments, skirts, collars, toppers, picks... « back to christmas decorations tree decorations lights tree skirts & collars picks toppers garlands ribbons ornaments indoor decorations indoor decorationstabletop trees, candles, lanterns, scents... « back to christmas decorations indoor decorations candles, lanterns, & scents accent trees decorative accents tabletop trees stockings & holders snow globes nativity sets & angels outdoor decorations outdoor decorationsyard decorations « back to christmas decorations outdoor decorations yard decorations storage storage « back to all products storage christmas decorations wreaths & greenery trees best sellers best sellers « back to all products best sellers best selling artificial christmas trees best selling wreaths & garlands best selling christmas decorations sale sale « back to all products sale christmas trees top deals storage christmas wreaths christmas decorations fall décor faux florals home décor final clearance faqs chat close best selling artificial christmas trees make the holidays more magical with exceptionally lifelike trees. our best-selling artificial christmas trees bring the enchantment of the season into your home. home > best sellers christmas trees best selling artificial christmas trees sort: best selling price low to high price high to low view: find your perfect tree 12 results displayed - reset filters height under 6 ft (11) 6 - 6½ ft. (24) 7 - 7½ ft. (28) 8 - 9 ft. (31) 10 - 14 ft. (23) 15 ft. + (9) realism most realistic (115) incredibly realistic trees using primarily our exclusive true needle™ award-winning foliage traditional (11) very affordable trees reflecting balsam hill quality made from classic pvc needles light type candlelight™ clear led (50) the warm candle-like glow of a traditional light in an led. clear (21) multicolor led (3) color + clear™ led (35) switch from clear leds to multicolored leds to both. light show (5) unlit (12) easy setup flip trees™ (16) stored upside-down on built-in rolling stand and flips into displayposition in seconds for unmatched ease of setup. easy plug™ (97) light connections are made inside the trunk, so you just plug the tree into the wall. tree shape fulltrees (80) narrowtrees (37) slimtrees (9) decoration options undecorated (126) simple charm of evergreen foliage, versatile for any decorating style price under $300 (13) $300 - $399 (14) $400 - $499 (14) $500 - $599 (5) $600 - $800 (24) over $800 (56) reset filters bh fraser fir® heights: 5½' 6½' 7½' 9' 10' 12' most realistic true needle™ foliage (77%) with classic needles (23%) for fullness compare compare classic blue spruce™ heights: 4½' 5½' 6½' 7½' 9' traditional traditional tree with 100% classic needles compare compare bh balsam fir® tree heights: 6½' 7½' 8' 9' 10' 12' most realistic true needle® foliage (83%) with classic needles (17%) for fullness compare compare stratford spruce™ heights: 6½' 7½' 9' most realistic true needle™ foliage (84%) with classic needles (16%) for fullness compare compare bh fraser fir® flip tree® heights: 6½' 7½' 9' 10' most realistic flip tree true needle™ foliage (78%) with classic needles (22%) for fullness convenient flip set-up and rolling stand makes display and storage effortless. compare compare vermont white spruce® narrow heights: 6½' 7½' 9' 12' 13½' 15' + most realistic true needle® foliage (80%) with classic needles (20%) for fullness compare compare silverado slim™ heights: 7' 8' 9' most realistic true needle™ foliage (82%) with classic needles (18%) for fullness compare compare vermont white spruce® heights: <5½' 6½' 7½' 9' 10' 11' + most realistic true needle® foliage (80%) with classic needles (20%) for fullness compare compare bh balsam fir® narrow tree heights: <7½' 8' 9' 10' 12' 13½' + most realistic true needle foliage (83%) with classic needles (17%) for fullness compare compare bh balsam fir® flip tree® heights: 6½' 7½' 9' 10' most realistic flip tree primarily true needle foliage (85%) with some classic needles (15%) convenient flip set-up and rolling stand makes display and storage effortless. compare compare bh fraser fir® flip tree® 2019 heights: 7½' 9' 10' most realistic flip tree true needle™ foliage (71%) with classic needles (29%) for fullness convenient flip set-up and rolling stand makes display and storage effortless. compare compare bh fraser fir® 2019 height﻿: 10' most realistic true needle™ foliage (70%) with classic needles (30%) for fullness compare compare we're sorry no results were found for the criteria selected.please change one or more of your selections. compare product availability by store location quantity find stores find stores near me create magical moments this holiday season with highly realistic christmas trees. crafted with beautiful lifelike foliage, balsam hill’s best-selling christmas trees add timeless elegance to any space in your home. we offer artificial christmas trees in all shapes and sizes to suit your holiday decorating needs. from small potted ones to giant 30-foot trees, we have the best price on artificial christmas trees. benefits of balsam hill™ artificial christmas trees the best christmas trees to buy are the ones that give you your money’s worth. below are some benefits to think about when looking for the best price on artificial christmas trees. cost-effective real trees may be cheaper up front, but they only last for a few weeks after which, they need to be discarded usually after christmas or new year’s, at the longest. compared to real trees, balsam hill artificial christmas trees can last for many years. in the long run, you’re saving more on money, time, and effort when you invest in a balsam hill christmas tree. safety balsam hill’s best-selling christmas trees are made from fire-retardant materials, making them less of a fire hazard with proper precaution. real christmas trees, on the other hand, dry up over time, which makes them more prone to catch fire from errant amber sparks from the fireplace or shorted electrical wires. artificial christmas trees are also better alternatives for people who are allergic to real evergreen needles. convenience at balsam hill, we are always looking for ways to improve our products and technologies, so that you can spend more time on whatever or whomever matters most during the holidays. we have easy setup artificial christmas trees, such as our innovative flip trees™, easy plug technology, and pre-fluffed instant evergreen christmas trees. these are just some of the best christmas trees to buy if effortless holiday decorating is one of your top priorities. realism balsam hill offers the most realistic artificial christmas trees in the market. our exclusive true needle™ foliage is molded after real branches to replicate the shape, texture, and color of natural evergreen needles. variety whether you need a slim artificial christmas tree to spruce up a corner in your home office or a 9-foot full-sized tree for your foyer, you will find something to suit your style. you can shop by height or shape to find the perfect tree for your home. you can even shop according to price to see the best price on artificial christmas trees that fit your budget. read more about the benefits of artificial christmas trees over real trees on our blog. spread the joy fill every corner of your home with holiday cheer. this selection of best-selling christmas trees also includes slim and narrow trees that are ideal for those with limited floor space. equipped with our exclusive easy plug™ technology, light strings are automatically connected within the tree trunk so you only need one plug to light up your tree. set the elegant vermont white spruce narrow tree in the children’s bedroom or choose the stunning norway spruce narrow tree for your apartment in the city. holidays made easy our best-selling artificial christmas trees combine innovation and style with the latest tree technology. designed for quick assembly and easy storage, our new flip trees™ feature an upgraded rolling tree stand for ease of mobility and improved wheel locking capabilities to keep your tree steady. simply flip the base of tree on its trunk and attach the top part to assemble. after the celebration, detach the tree sections and flip the base back over to easily store away for the next season. quick, clean, and hassle-free decorating with our flip trees™ gives you more time to spend on what really matters. enjoy the enchantment of the holidays and make christmas more memorable. browse our exclusive collection of best-selling christmas trees available only at balsam hill today. visit the resource center to read our handy buyer’s guides on trees, lights, greenery, and décor. get inspired discover the latest holiday products and decorating styles receive our best promotions and offers be the first to know about our giveaways sign upplease enter a valid email address. thank youfor signing up to receive emailsfrom balsam hill. for expert advice call 1.888.55.balsamor contact us » stay connected customer support faq contact us check order status shipping returns & exchange warranty request a catalog catalog unsubscribe do not sell my personal info email preferences business sales design trade program submit a review balsam accessibility resources & ideas resource center tree buyer's guide branch sample kit tree setup & storage tree decorating ideas designs seen on tv blog videos company information about us the balsam hill difference store locations in the media charitable giving careers terms & privacy shop with confidence * shipping outside the contiguous us will incur additional shipping fees. copyright © 2021 balsam hill ® all rights reserved. choose your delivery country and preferred currency delivery country {{country.name}} currency {{currency.isocode}} ({{currency.symbol}}) continue we're sorry. your form has expired due to 30 minutes of inactivity. continue we're sorry. retry help me decide choosing a tree height tree shape tree light type tree foliage tree height tree shape tree foliage tree light type please note that all tree heights indicated on our website include the tree stand. if you want the tallest christmas tree your room will allow, we recommend buying a tree that is six inches shorter than your ceiling height to allow some clearance for a tree topper. for example, if you have a standard 8 - 9 foot ceiling, we would suggest a 7½ foot tree. here are some more tips: under 6 feet trees best for tabletops or secondary spaces like kitchens or dens 6 - 6 ½ feet trees designed to fit homes with low to average ceiling heights. 7 - 7 ½ feet trees our most popular size, designed to fit perfectly in rooms with average 8 - 9 feet ceilings. 9 feet trees our second most popular size, designed for rooms with tall ceilings of 10 - 11 feet to create a stunning effect. 10 - 12 feet trees these trees are beautiful centerpieces for two-storey living rooms, rooms with very high ceilings and some commercial spaces. 15 - 30 feet trees these oversized trees are popular with churches, malls, and large office spaces to create grand holiday display. we offer artificial trees in a wide variety of shapes, from traditional full-width trees to space-saving slim trees and flatbacks. when choosing your tree, we suggest that you consider the diameter (in the shape description, this might be described as full 40") of the christmas tree to help you choose the perfect tree for your space. this measurement is taken at the very widest point of the tree. if you plan to have a few branches touching a wall or a piece of furniture, the true space occupied by the tree will be about six inches less than the stated diameter. regular (full) trees our most popular choice because of their lush profiles and sturdy branches. narrow trees perfect for an elegant effect in smaller rooms and apartments. slim trees our most slender trees, ideal for tight spaces, corners and foyers. flatback trees an elegant solution for small spaces, studios and small apartments. topiary trees beautifully accent all parts of your home including patios, entryways and porches. balsam hill's designers carefully craft our trees to mimic nature using site visits and cutting from live trees to guide them. we offer three types of foliage options that are made from either pe or pvc material. while some trees use one type of foliage exclusively, others may use mix of foliage types to achieve a particular look. the specific mix is specified on each product detail page in the section that describes the tree's foliage. true needle™ technology balsam hill's exclusive true needle&tade evergreen foliage is used to create our most realistic and luxurious artificial christmas trees. this ultrarealistic foliage is created with injection-molded pe plastic and several different colors of pigment to mimic the structure, texture, and color of natural evergreen needles. a unique feature of true needle™ foliage is the color variations within the branches. for example, the branch might be a brown/green while the needles start off a dark green and slowly fade to a lighter green. classic needles balsam hill's classic needle foliage has soft, flat and flexible needles with a more classic artificial look. these needles are made from thin sheets of pvc that are cut into fine strands to resemble evergreen needles. we use these resilient, flexible needles as the primary foliage of many of the trees in our very affordable traditional trees. it is also used as filler for most of our realistic and most realistic christmas trees because of its superior ability to block light and create a "full" look for the tree. pine needles the pvc pine needles used by balsam hill® are specially designed to mimic the size and texture of long, thin needles of a pine tree. these needles even have the rigid texture of real pine needles. if you roll them between your thumb and finger, you will feel the ridges. if you long for the beautiful glow of lights on your tree but dread untangling the wires, balsam hill's pre-lit christmas trees are the answer. all of our lights are ul® approved and professionaly strung on the tree by hand to minimize the appearance of wires. each of our pre-lit trees for indoor use come with premium commercial grade lights so that if one bulb burns out or is removed, the rest stay lit. we have a wide variety of pre-lit lighting options to suit every decorating need. color+clear™ lights our exclusive color + clear™ remote-controlled lighting system is available in both incandescent and energy-saving led. the handy remote lets you choose clear lights, multi-colored lights, or both. with more than 50% additional lights, your tree will still have plenty of beautiful lights even if only one light type is selected. if you choose both clear and colored lights, your tree will display more lights than any other artificial tree you will find. clear lights enjoy the timeless look of clear lights. our most popular style of pre-lit tree, clear lights give you the mose flexibility in your decorating, and the ability to change your look from year to year. multicolored lights warm your home with these pre-lit trees featuring traditional, festive multicolored lights. most of our multicolored pre-lit trees feature red, green, blue and yellow lights. candlelight™ led lights enjoy our premium energy-saving led lights that never burn out. unlike cold light emitted from traditional leds, our energy-efficient candlelight leds provide a warm glow reminiscent of a candle's flame. multicolored led lights our multicolored classic color™ led lights bring a festive glow to your christmas tree without the intense glare of standard led bulbs. these red, blue, orange, green, and yellow led lights are energy-efficient and will never burn out. unlit trees use your own special lights on these unlit trees. for unlit trees that specify simple string™, we have already pre-strung the trunk with extension cords, allowing you to plug your choice of lights into extension cord outlets throughout the center of the tree.