来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230044550/https://www.balsamhill.com/how-to-choose-the-right-artificial-tree
================================================================================

best artificial christmas tree buying guide | balsam hill skip to navigation skip to content skip to footer skip to accessibility page limited quantities order now » order status search » choose a category artificial christmas trees artificial christmas trees « back to all products artificial christmas trees realism realism « back to artificial christmas trees realism most realisticincredibly realistic trees using primarily our true needle™ award–winning foliage. realisticrealistic, affordable trees using a mix of true needle™ foliage & classic pvc needles. traditionalvery affordable trees reflecting balsam hill™ quality made from classic pvc needles. height height « back to artificial christmas trees height under 6 feetperfect for tabletops and secondary rooms. 6 - 6.5 feetdesigned for homes with low to average ceiling heights. 7 - 7.5 feetdesigned to fit most homes with average ceiling heights. 8 - 9 feetperfect to showcase in homes with high ceilings for a grand display. 10 - 14 feetperfect for public places or rooms with high ceilings. 15 - 18 feetideal for public spaces with high ceilings for a grand holiday display. easy setup easy setup « back to artificial christmas trees easy setup flip tree™stored upside-down on built-in rolling stand and flips into display position. pre-fluffed™light connections inside the trunk, and memory wire branches reduce fluffing. easy plug™light connections inside the trunk, so you just plug the tree into the wall. light type light type « back to artificial christmas trees light type led clearour energy-efficient candlelight™ led lights with a warm glow reminiscent of a candle's flame. clearenjoy the timeless look of clear lights. led multiour premium energy–saving multicolored led lights that never burn out. led color + clearenergy-efficient lighting system that lets you choose clear, multi or both. fairy lights & micro leditty-bitty lights that dazzle and delight. light show unlituse your own special lights on these unlit trees. shape shape « back to artificial christmas trees shape full treesour most popular choice for their lush profiles & sturdy branches. narrow treesnarrow-profile trees perfect for smaller rooms & apartments. slim treesour most slender trees for tight spaces, corners & foyers. flatback treesan elegant solution to small spaces, studios & small apartments. sparse treesorganic silhouettes ideal for showcasing your ornaments. wreaths & garlands wreaths & garlands « back to all products wreaths & garlands size size « back to wreaths & garlands size 18" - 26" wreathsideal for entryways, small spaces, and narrow doors. 28" - 34" wreathsmedium sized wreaths for standard single doors. 36" - 42" wreathslarger wreaths for mantels and larger doors. 48" - 60" wreathsperfect for over-sized spaces. 5' - 7' garlandsperfect accents for smaller mantels & entryways. 8' - 10' garlandsideal accents for mantels, doorways, and banisters. foliage foliage « back to wreaths & garlands foliage decoratedbeautiful, pre-decorated foliage that adds sophisticated elegance to your home. outdoor safecrafted with weather-resistant materials and uv protection. most realisticlifelike foliage featuring true needle™ technology and beautiful accents inspired by nature. traditionalour range of lovely yet affordable decorated and undecorated foliage made from classic pvc needles. light type light type « back to wreaths & garlands light type battery-operatedwireless, battery-operated led lights with convenient timer. led clearpremium energy-saving led lights available in clear or multicolor. clearenjoy the timeless look of clear lights. multi & led multiwarm your home with the festive glow of multicolored lights. unlitadd your own lights or leave your foliage unlit and elegant. other greenery other greeneryswags, centerpieces, storage... « back to wreaths & garlands other greenery swags potted trees christmas decorationsornaments, stockings, skirts, gifts... christmas decorationsornaments, stockings, skirts, gifts... « back to all products christmas decorations tree decorations tree decorationsornaments, skirts, collars, toppers, picks... « back to christmas decorations tree decorations lights tree skirts & collars picks toppers garlands ribbons ornaments indoor decorations indoor decorationstabletop trees, candles, lanterns, scents... « back to christmas decorations indoor decorations candles, lanterns, & scents accent trees decorative accents tabletop trees stockings & holders snow globes nativity sets & angels outdoor decorations outdoor decorationsyard decorations « back to christmas decorations outdoor decorations yard decorations storage storage « back to all products storage christmas decorations wreaths & greenery trees best sellers best sellers « back to all products best sellers best selling artificial christmas trees best selling wreaths & garlands best selling christmas decorations sale sale « back to all products sale christmas trees top deals storage christmas wreaths christmas decorations fall décor faux florals home décor final clearance faqs chat close × « back to resource center choosing an artificial christmas tree: the ultimate buyer’s guide table of contents sizing realism lights set-up other considerations our commitment select a topic sizing realism lights set-up other considerations our commitment christmas trees play a big part in our favorite holiday traditions. we decorate, open gifts, and celebrate with friends and family around the tree. it’s important to have one that not only suits your style, but also stands tall season after season. in this guide, we show you how to choose the best artificial christmas tree for your home. what artificial tree size and shape should i get? artificial christmas trees come in various sizes and shapes. to narrow down your options, choose a spot to determine if you have space for a small christmas tree or a tall one. christmas tree height guide a good rule of thumb is to have at least 6 inches between the top of your tree and the ceiling. this also accounts for a topper or any decorative stand that adds height to the tree. so, if you have the standard 9-foot ceiling and a 12-inch angel topper, you’d want a 7.5-foot christmas tree. we measure our trees from the stand to the topmost tip. under 6 feet miniature trees for tabletops, bedrooms, kid’s rooms, and small spaces 6 to 6½ feet designed for areas with low ceilings 7 to 7½ feet the best size for standard 8- to 9-foot ceilings 8 to 9 feet ideal for rooms with high ceilings 10 to 14 feet perfect for public spaces and vaulted ceilings 15 feet and above tall christmas trees for grand displays artificial tree shapes a tree’s shape gives you a general idea how much room it takes up. go for a wide, full tree if you have a spacious area and a narrow or slim one for limited spaces. calculate your available floor space and check it against the dimensions on our site. we base these measurements on the widest point of the tree. full the most popular shape, with the classic profile of natural christmas trees shop full trees » narrow slender trees for smaller rooms and apartments shop narrow trees » slim our most compact trees, designed for tight spaces and corners shop slim trees » flatback space savers with a full profile but rest flat against a wall or corner shop flatback trees » sparse lifelike trees with spaces between branches to showcase ornaments shop sparse trees » learn more about christmas tree sizing » how realistic will an artificial christmas tree look? going artificial doesn’t mean saying goodbye to the look and feel of your favorite tree. we design many of our balsam hill christmas trees after real species—from the shape and texture of the needles to the nuances in color. best of all, they stay evergreen and need little to no maintenance. needle type we categorize needle types according to the material used. pvc needles are flat and papery while polyethylene (pe) needles have more dimension. some trees feature a combination of both—the more realistic the tree, the higher the pe count. read the foliage details, look at close-up photos, or check our branch sample kit to find out more. true needle ™ created by balsam hill, these injection-molded pe needles mimic the structure, texture, and color variations of natural evergreens shop true needle trees » classic needle soft, flat, and flexible pvc needles with a more classic artificial christmas tree look shop classic needle trees » levels of realism realism relates to the types of needles used in a tree. at balsam hill, we categorize our trees into three levels. most realistic has more than 65% true needle (pe) foliage for outstanding realism, with classic needles (pvc) near the trunk for added fullness shop most realistic trees » realistic up to 65% true needle (pe) foliage mixed with classic needle (pvc) for a great balance between realism and budget shop realistic trees » traditional our most cost-effective trees with 100% classic needle (pvc) foliage shop traditional trees » species certain species may hold special meaning because they remind you of the christmas tree you had growing up. that’s why we use nature as inspiration and create molds from real branch clippings to make highly realistic artificial christmas trees. fir dense branches with flat and flexible needles sprouting individually from the stem featured: bh balsam fir » spruce rough branches with needles growing singly from the stem. unlike firs, spruce needles have four sides and sharp points featured: vermont white spruce » pine sparser branches around the trunk, with thin needles attached to the stem in clusters of two, three, or five featured: rocky mountain pine » color depending on the species, real trees come in different shades of green and the same is true for balsam hill trees. for instance, the blue spruce has blue-green needles while the noble fir has a gray tint to it. some trees are also multi-toned like the fraser fir with its dark green tips and silver undersides. green well-loved green trees in various hues depending on the species featured: yukon spruce » white white branches to make your ornaments pop featured: denali white christmas tree » frosted lightly flocked trees with a dusting of faux snow featured: frosted alpine balsam fir » learn more about christmas tree realism » insider’s tip still can’t decide which tree to buy? see and feel the branches for yourself with our branch sample kit.each purchase includes a coupon code that you can use as credit toward your first tree order. what christmas tree lights are best? lights bring your christmas tree to life even without decorations. if you prefer to string your own lights, you need at least 100 lights per foot of the tree. double or triple the amount if you love the look of brighter, more intense lights on your tree. pre-lit vs unlit christmas trees our pre-lit christmas trees make assembly quick and easy. balsam hill’s lights are hand strung to provide optimal coverage while keeping wires from showing. we use premium commercial-grade lights so that even if one bulb burns out or is removed, the rest stay lit. on the other hand, unlit trees give you the freedom to experiment with lights. for easier set-up, we offer select trees with simple string technology. just plug in compatible light strings of your choice, and you have a custom pre-lit tree for next year. types pre-lit artificial trees come with either incandescent or led lights, which differ in efficiency and longevity. led lights consume less electricity and produce less heat than incandescent bulbs. while other led lights often have a blue tone, balsam hill’s candlelight™ leds are designed to provide the warm hue of incandescent lights. incandescent lights traditional christmas lights that cast a clear glow and have low initial costs. offered in clear, multi, and color + clear™, our incandescent-lit trees use ul-listed lights that last 3,300 hours or more. led lights energy-efficient lights that won’t burn out so your tree shines bright for many years. choose from candlelight™ led, multi led, and color + clear led on most tree types, or our fairy lights, micro leds, and ultrabright clear micro leds on some of our latest trees. specialty led this includes our new twinkly light show and fiber optic light show which let you choose from pre-set options or customize the effects. color the color of your lights makes the difference between a cozy feel and a festive display. choose one over the other or customize it to your mood. clear the classic glow of candlelight multi a bright mix of colored lights color + clear exclusive lights that let you switch from clear to multicolored to both, and give you 30% more coverage light show animated lights that create a stunning display control type manage your christmas tree lights with easy-to-use controls that vary from a simple foot pedal to an innovative app. we also offer battery-operated potted trees for flexible decorating. learn more about christmas tree lights » what are my options for easy set-up christmas trees? save time and energy for things that matter most with features that simplify your christmas tree assembly. our trees are designed with hinged branches that fan out and in for quick set-up and storage. we also include a sturdy metal stand with rubber feet to keep your floor clean and beautiful. all artificial christmas trees are compressed for shipping, so you need to fluff the branches to make them look fuller. watch this video on how to shape your balsam hill tree and this one for tips and tricks on shaping individual branches. to make set-up even easier, we’ve incorporated exclusive technology in our premium artificial christmas trees: flip trees™ no more heavy lifting—just wheel the tree base into place on a built-in rolling stand, easily flip it over, and attach the smaller treetop. shop flip trees » easy plug™ light strings automatically connect through the trunk, so the only plug you need is the one that goes into the wall. included on all pre-lit flip and pre-fluffed trees. shop easy plug trees » pre-fluffed™ each tree is professionally hand-shaped prior to shipping. strong memory wire branches fan out as you set up, so fluffing takes less time. all pre-fluffed trees come with easy plug. shop pre-fluffed trees » insider’s tip ask for help from family or friends to make setting up your tree fast and fun. explore our assembly guide for step-by-step instructions. what else should i consider when buying a christmas tree? aside from the technical factors above, here are other things to look into when choosing your artificial christmas tree: price range artificial christmas trees often cost more than real trees because they last season after season. find one that suits your budget, from slim space-savers to tall, highly realistic trees. prices vary based on tree size, needle composition, light types, and set-up features. key decorations all balsam hill trees are made with sturdy, flexible branches to support ornaments of various size and weight. you can layer assorted decorations, use ribbons, and fill gaps with picks. visit our blog for inspiration. christmas tree toppers if using a tree topper, make sure there’s at least 6 inches of clearance from the top of the tree topper and your ceiling. our trees have a strong top branch tip to secure your topper. for heavier toppers, use a tree top stabilization kit. christmas tree skirts, collars, & stands choose a tree skirt that’s at least 6 inches bigger than the full width of the tree. it should completely cover the stand and be larger than the entire diameter of the base of your tree. if you want an alternative, tree collars and stands are ideal. collars latch around the base, while decorative stands replace the base and support the weight of your tree. compatibility depends on the tree height and pole diameter, so double check the specifications to make sure it fits. learn more about christmas tree decorations » care & storage store your tree in a cool, dry place to keep it in good condition. storage bags are recommended to keep dust and the elements from harming your tree. all balsam hill trees come with a light-weight bag/s for easy storage year after year. for more tips, read our storage guide. best time to buy an artificial christmas tree artificial trees are sold all year long, but you’ll find the best deals during major shopping days such as black friday and cyber monday. you can also take advantage of post-christmas clearance sales and christmas in july. insider’s tip for updates on promos and exclusive discounts, subscribe to our newsletter and follow us on social media. why choose balsam hill artificial christmas trees? at balsam hill, we help you create memorable celebrations—starting with the centerpiece of your holiday, your tree. it’s our mission to give you the best artificial christmas tree for your home, so we offer a wide variety of options to suit your needs. we design and produce each of our trees ourselves from tip to trunk, bringing our attention to detail to every tree we make. welcome kit each balsam hill christmas tree comes with a lightweight premium steel stand, soft cotton gloves for fluffing, and storage bag/s for the off-season. pre-lit trees are also shipped with extra bulbs and fuses. warranty enjoy a 3-year warranty on all non-clearance trees. this covers the quality of tree frame, foliage, hinges, stand, and repair or replacement of lights on pre-lit trees. learn more here. free shipping get your tree delivered right to your door at no cost within the contiguous us. rather than packing our large trees in one giant container, we ship them to you in several smaller packages for easier unboxing. need help? we hope this guide helped you narrow down the right artificial christmas tree for your home. for any questions or concerns, contact us here. shop your perfect christmas tree « back to resource center get inspired discover the latest holiday products and decorating styles receive our best promotions and offers be the first to know about our giveaways sign upplease enter a valid email address. thank youfor signing up to receive emailsfrom balsam hill. for expert advice call 1.888.55.balsamor contact us » stay connected customer support faq contact us check order status shipping returns & exchange warranty request a catalog catalog unsubscribe do not sell my personal info email preferences business sales design trade program submit a review balsam accessibility resources & ideas resource center tree buyer's guide branch sample kit tree setup & storage tree decorating ideas designs seen on tv blog videos company information about us the balsam hill difference store locations in the media charitable giving careers terms & privacy shop with confidence * shipping outside the contiguous us will incur additional shipping fees. copyright © 2021 balsam hill ® all rights reserved. choose your delivery country and preferred currency delivery country {{country.name}} currency {{currency.isocode}} ({{currency.symbol}}) continue we're sorry. your form has expired due to 30 minutes of inactivity. continue we're sorry. retry