来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230044550/https://www.balsamhill.com/c/artificial-christmas-trees
================================================================================

artificial christmas trees | balsam hill skip to navigation skip to content skip to footer skip to accessibility page limited quantities order now » order status search » choose a category artificial christmas trees artificial christmas trees « back to all products artificial christmas trees realism realism « back to artificial christmas trees realism most realisticincredibly realistic trees using primarily our true needle™ award–winning foliage. realisticrealistic, affordable trees using a mix of true needle™ foliage & classic pvc needles. traditionalvery affordable trees reflecting balsam hill™ quality made from classic pvc needles. height height « back to artificial christmas trees height under 6 feetperfect for tabletops and secondary rooms. 6 - 6.5 feetdesigned for homes with low to average ceiling heights. 7 - 7.5 feetdesigned to fit most homes with average ceiling heights. 8 - 9 feetperfect to showcase in homes with high ceilings for a grand display. 10 - 14 feetperfect for public places or rooms with high ceilings. 15 - 18 feetideal for public spaces with high ceilings for a grand holiday display. easy setup easy setup « back to artificial christmas trees easy setup flip tree™stored upside-down on built-in rolling stand and flips into display position. pre-fluffed™light connections inside the trunk, and memory wire branches reduce fluffing. easy plug™light connections inside the trunk, so you just plug the tree into the wall. light type light type « back to artificial christmas trees light type led clearour energy-efficient candlelight™ led lights with a warm glow reminiscent of a candle's flame. clearenjoy the timeless look of clear lights. led multiour premium energy–saving multicolored led lights that never burn out. led color + clearenergy-efficient lighting system that lets you choose clear, multi or both. fairy lights & micro leditty-bitty lights that dazzle and delight. light show unlituse your own special lights on these unlit trees. shape shape « back to artificial christmas trees shape full treesour most popular choice for their lush profiles & sturdy branches. narrow treesnarrow-profile trees perfect for smaller rooms & apartments. slim treesour most slender trees for tight spaces, corners & foyers. flatback treesan elegant solution to small spaces, studios & small apartments. sparse treesorganic silhouettes ideal for showcasing your ornaments. wreaths & garlands wreaths & garlands « back to all products wreaths & garlands size size « back to wreaths & garlands size 18" - 26" wreathsideal for entryways, small spaces, and narrow doors. 28" - 34" wreathsmedium sized wreaths for standard single doors. 36" - 42" wreathslarger wreaths for mantels and larger doors. 48" - 60" wreathsperfect for over-sized spaces. 5' - 7' garlandsperfect accents for smaller mantels & entryways. 8' - 10' garlandsideal accents for mantels, doorways, and banisters. foliage foliage « back to wreaths & garlands foliage decoratedbeautiful, pre-decorated foliage that adds sophisticated elegance to your home. outdoor safecrafted with weather-resistant materials and uv protection. most realisticlifelike foliage featuring true needle™ technology and beautiful accents inspired by nature. traditionalour range of lovely yet affordable decorated and undecorated foliage made from classic pvc needles. light type light type « back to wreaths & garlands light type battery-operatedwireless, battery-operated led lights with convenient timer. led clearpremium energy-saving led lights available in clear or multicolor. clearenjoy the timeless look of clear lights. multi & led multiwarm your home with the festive glow of multicolored lights. unlitadd your own lights or leave your foliage unlit and elegant. other greenery other greeneryswags, centerpieces, storage... « back to wreaths & garlands other greenery swags potted trees christmas decorationsornaments, stockings, skirts, gifts... christmas decorationsornaments, stockings, skirts, gifts... « back to all products christmas decorations tree decorations tree decorationsornaments, skirts, collars, toppers, picks... « back to christmas decorations tree decorations lights tree skirts & collars picks toppers garlands ribbons ornaments indoor decorations indoor decorationstabletop trees, candles, lanterns, scents... « back to christmas decorations indoor decorations candles, lanterns, & scents accent trees decorative accents tabletop trees stockings & holders snow globes nativity sets & angels outdoor decorations outdoor decorationsyard decorations « back to christmas decorations outdoor decorations yard decorations storage storage « back to all products storage christmas decorations wreaths & greenery trees best sellers best sellers « back to all products best sellers best selling artificial christmas trees best selling wreaths & garlands best selling christmas decorations sale sale « back to all products sale christmas trees top deals storage christmas wreaths christmas decorations fall décor faux florals home décor final clearance faqs chat close beautifully crafted artificial christmas trees bring home the wonder and joy of the season with a tree so realistic it’s magical. shop by realism shop by height shop by light type shop by shape shop by easy setup shop by price shop all trees » shop by realism shop by height shop by light type shop by shape shop by easy setup shop by price shop all trees » most realistic our premier trees with +65% true needle™ foliage for outstanding realism. shop now » realistic trees with up to 65% true needle™ foliage with classic needle strategically placed for fullness. shop now » traditional our most cost-effective trees crafted with 100% classic needle (pvc) foliage. shop now » under 6 feet a range of smaller sizes for limited spaces. shop now » 6 - 6½ feet just the right size for low ceilings. shop now » 7 - 7½ feet the best choice for standard 8-foot ceilings. shop now » 8 - 9 feet ideal for spaces with high ceilings. shop now » 10 - 14 feet perfect for public spaces and vaulted ceilings. shop now » 15 - 30 feet spectacular showpieces for grand displays. shop now » led clear the warm candle-like glow of a traditional light in an led. shop now » led multi make the season brilliant with jewel-toned leds. shop now » led color+clear™ switch from clear to multicolored to both and enjoy 40% more leds. shop now » fairy lights and micro leds pre-lit with itty-bitty leds that dazzle and delight, and are energy-efficient. shop now » light show easily animate your lights with spectacular effects remotely shop now » clear the timeless look of traditional lights that last 3,000+ hours. shop now » full a classic silhouette makes these trees our most popular choice. shop now » narrow trees with a smaller footprint – ideal when space is a consideration. shop now » slim slender options perfect for tight spaces without sacrificing on tree height. shop now » flatback get the look of a full tree, but save space with only half the footprint. shop now » sparse exceptionally lifelike trees designed with organic silhouettes to highlight your ornaments. shop now » flip tree™ no heavy lifting. just roll the tree base into place, flip it, and attach the treetop. includes easy plug. shop now » pre-fluffed™ less time fluffing. professionally-shaped memory wire branches fan out on unboxing. includes easy plug. shop now » easy plug™ lights connect through the trunk. the only plug you touch is the one that goes into the wall. shop now » under $300  shop now » $300 - $600  shop now » $600 - $900  shop now » $900 - $1,200  shop now » over $1,200  shop now » close home > artificial christmas trees inspired by nature our exclusive true needle™ foliage is modeled after real evergreen branches to beautifully replicate nature’s design. featured branches (clockwise from top left): bh balsam fir, vermont white spruce, colorado mountain spruce, bh noble fir, norway spruce click to learn more close the true needle™ process how we replicate nature with precision. our founder studies and photographs trees in their natural environment. we refrigerate real branch specimens at our manufacturing facility and reference them in the development process. 3d branch prototypes are refined until they look just like nature. we use the final prototypes to make production molds and optimize each mold to remove the slightest imperfections. branches are color-matched against real specimens, and then dipped, sprayed, and hand-painted to produce the true-to-nature look that defines true needle foliage. the journey of a balsam hill tree take a peek inside our exclusive process of creating highly realistic trees with our founder, thomas harman. choosing a realism level for your tree most realistic more than 65% true needle (pe) foliage for outstanding realism. incredibly lifelike whether viewed from 30 feet or 3 inches away with classic needle (pvc) foliage used near the trunk to enhance fullness. realistic a mix of true needle (pe) and classic needle (pvc) foliage, balancing realism and budget. true needle branches compose the more visible exterior of the tree, while classic needles form a lush, full interior. traditional our most cost-effective trees with 100% classic needle (pvc) foliage. only top-quality classic needle for high needle density, reduced shedding, and rich color that won’t fade. "the bh fraser fir is breathtakingly beautiful and realistic. i have gotten many compliments, and find myself thinking, 'why did i wait so long.' once you purchase one of balsam hill's realistic trees, you won't settle for anything less." pgh lew from pittsburgh, pennsylvania, owner of the bh fraser fir tree most realistic trees more than 65% true needle foliage for outstanding realism. shop most realistic » realistic trees an artful mix of true needle and classic foliage to balance realism and budget. shop realistic » traditional trees affordable options with classic foliage and the same balsam hill™ quality construction. shop traditional » see and feel the realism + get a $19 credit on your first tree order your branch samples » setup made simple quick and easy setup means balsam hill trees save you time for what matters most. featuring the bh balsam fir flip tree™ click to learn more close no sweat setup & storage our exclusive flip tree is engineered for ultimate convenience. roll & flip setup no more heavy lifting—just wheel the tree base into place on a built-in rolling stand, flip it over, and attach the smaller treetop. effortless lighting easy plug light strings connect through the trunk so that the only plug you need to touch is the one that goes into the wall. convenient storage simply remove the treetop and flip the base back over. slip the included cover over the tree and roll it into storage. tree stores upright, saving space. flip trees in action watch how our exclusive flip tree transitions from storage to display in seconds. learn about flip tree 1:15 flip tree setup 1:15 flip tree storage 0:41 additional easy setup options pre-fluffed trees each tree is individually hand-shaped by professionals prior to shipping. strong memory wire branches fan out as you set up, so fluffing takes less time. all pre-fluffed trees come with easy plug. easy plug trees our innovative lighting system features pre- connected light strands through the trunk, so the only plug you need is the one that goes into the wall. included on all pre-lit flip and pre-fluffed trees. "after unpacking the tree, i flipped the base over and plugged it in. wow! even without any fluffing this is one great looking tree. i added the top piece and there it was, our new tree." greg from ottawa, canada, owner of the bh balsam fir flip tree flip trees™ no heavy lifting. just roll the tree base into place, flip it, and attach the treetop. shop flip trees™ » pre-fluffed™ trees less time fluffing. professionally shaped memory wire branches instantly fan out. shop pre-fluffed » easy plug trees no visible connections. lights connect through the trunk with a single plug. shop easy-plug™ » crafted with care we thoughtfully refined all of the standard tree features—and then we added a few more to surprise and delight. sleek connection easy plug technology connects light strings inside the trunk limiting the appearance of wires. artful foliage design true needle foliage forms a highly realistic exterior with classic needles placed inside for fullness. scratch-proof stand rubber feet help keep floors clean and beautiful. strong top tip reinforced top branch keeps angels upright and stars secure. perfect glow professionally hand-strung lights are evenly spaced providing an optimal warm glow. hassle-free setup hinged branches fold out for easy setup and back in for simple storage. extras soft cotton gloves for fluffing storage bag/s for the off-season extra bulbs & fuses warranty 3-year warranty on all non-clearance trees free shipping on all orders within the contiguous usa the perfect fit from quaint cabins to grand entry halls, we have the right tree for your space. shop by height choose a tree that is 6 inches shorter than your ceiling or 18 inches shorter if using a tree topper. under 6 feet » 6-6.5 feet » 7-7.5 feet » 8-9 feet » 10-14 feet » 15-30 feet » shop by shape choose a full tree for open areas, a narrow tree for modest rooms, or slim tree for tight spaces. full trees » narrow trees » slim trees » sparse trees » flatback trees » light up your holidays choose from a variety of professionally hand-strung lighting options, from leds to incandescent bulbs. featuring the vermont white spruce with led color + clear lights click to learn more close benefits of a balsam hill pre-lit tree professionally hand-strung thoughtfully placed and evenly spaced lights with minimal appearance of wires. optimized bulb brightness exclusive filament and led tones cast a warm, candle- like glow. easy plug technology avoid tangles with pre-connected light strings inside the trunk. available on most trees. longer lasting lights incandescent bulbs last over 3,300 hours and leds won't ever burn out. warm led lighting our specially designed clear candlelight™ leds and multicolor classic color™ leds provide energy efficiency and a soft holiday glow. balsam hill candlelight led™ vs. competitor's regular white led exclusive led color + clear™ lighting our led color + clear remote-controlled lighting system offers three options in one. select clear lights for an enchanting glow, multicolor for a festive mood, or select both for a showstopper. each tree is strung with both clear and colored strands, offering at least 30% more lights than our standard pre-lit options. "the ability to switch from clear, to multi, and to both lights is perfect. you can change the mood of the tree and the room in an instant." sharon from barefoot bay, florida, owner of the led color + clear™ norway spruce narrow tree led pre-lit trees energy saving, extended lifetime, traditional warm glow. incandescent pre-lit trees traditional christmas lights that last 3,300 hours or more. shop ledclear » shop ledmulti » shop ledcolor+clear™ » shop fairy lights& micro leds » shop lightshow » shopclear » prefer to string your own lights? shop our unlit trees. a decade of holidays with balsam hill the only thing we love more than spreading christmas cheer is learning how balsam hill inspires special moments with family and friends. as we celebrate more than 10 years together, we want to share a few favorite memories from some of our very first customers. as featured on: view all media mentions » need help getting started? best-selling trees browse some of our customers' favorites shop bestsellers » try before you buy see and feel the needles right in your home get branch sample kit » holiday decorating guides get tips and ideas from design experts view our resource center » balsam hill is home of the most realistic artificial christmas trees and seasonal home décor. – the doctors balsam hill’s mission is to create beautifully crafted artificial christmas trees to make your celebrations picture-perfect. our lifelike trees are inspired by nature and designed for convenience and longevity. we’re committed to offering the best artificial christmas trees that suit your style and space with various foliage types, sizes, shapes, and setup options. faux trees inspired by nature  balsam hill christmas trees are composed of two main types of needles: pe (polyethylene) and pvc (polyvinyl chloride). our exclusive true needle™ foliage is modeled after real evergreen tree branches. they’re made from injection-molded pe designed to replicate the structure, texture, and color variations of natural branches. classic needle foliage is made from flat pvc strips traditionally used for most artificial christmas trees in the market. balsam hill christmas trees are offered in three levels of realism. our most realistic christmas trees are made up of at least 65% true needle foliage for outstanding realism. our realistic christmas trees are made with a combination of true needle and classic needle foliage for realism and fullness. our cost-effective traditional christmas trees are made with mostly classic needles and the same balsam hill quality. decorate every room, big or small balsam hill trees come in varied sizes to bring holiday cheer to any space. christmas trees 4.5 to 5.5 feet high are suitable for rooms with limited space. they can be easily placed on a table or countertop. 6 to 6.5 feet-high christmas trees are ideal for homes and areas with low- to standard-height ceilings. 7 to 7.5 feet-high trees are a popular choice and are considered the best christmas tree for your living room and foyer with the standard 8-feet ceiling height. christmas trees 8 to 9 feet tall look great when displayed in rooms with high ceilings and areas with a lot of vertical space. 10 to 14 feet-tall trees are ideal for vaulted ceilings and large spaces such as halls and ballrooms. light up your tree beautifully balsam hill christmas trees are available pre-lit for a hassle-free set up, and unlit if you prefer to string your own lights. our pre-lit trees come with hand-strung lights that are evenly distributed and professionally arranged. enjoy the warm, candle-like glow of clear lights or festive multicolored lights, or both with our color+clear™ technology. our pre-lit trees come with energy-saving leds or traditional lights which are designed to last—if one bulb burns out or is removed, the rest stay lit. create a uniquely vibrant holiday backdrop with twinkly™ christmas tree lights, which allow you to control a variety of pre-set options or map out your lights’ color and speed from your mobile device. delight your family and guests with our fiber optic christmas tree lights, which allow you to customize the effects, color, and speed from 23 different modes at a touch of a button. shapes to suit your style and space balsam hill trees come in various shapes and sizes. a full tree is considered the best artificial christmas tree shape because its classic silhouette suits most decorating themes. narrow trees offer the look of a full tree with a slimmer silhouette, ideal for smaller rooms. dress up tight corners without sacrificing tree height with slim trees. our flatback tree is a creative solution for limited spaces. its flat side rests against the wall to create an illusion of a full tree while taking up a fraction of the space. sparse trees, on the other hand, lets you enjoy nature’s raw beauty with its organic silhouettes and lifelike branches. set up with ease enjoy the convenience of balsam hill’s easy setup trees. to avoid the need for heavy lifting, our innovative flip tree™ is the best balsam hill christmas tree of choice. just roll the base into place, flip it, attach the treetop, and you’re all set. reduce setup time with pre-fluffed™ trees which are designed with memory wire branches that fan out upon unboxing. meanwhile, our patented easy plug™ tree comes with pre-made light connections inside the trunk which makes lighting it as simple as plugging it into a wall socket. read this article to learn more about the balsam hill difference. visit our sales page to find the best deals on artificial christmas trees. get inspired discover the latest holiday products and decorating styles receive our best promotions and offers be the first to know about our giveaways sign upplease enter a valid email address. thank youfor signing up to receive emailsfrom balsam hill. for expert advice call 1.888.55.balsamor contact us » stay connected customer support faq contact us check order status shipping returns & exchange warranty request a catalog catalog unsubscribe do not sell my personal info email preferences business sales design trade program submit a review balsam accessibility resources & ideas resource center tree buyer's guide branch sample kit tree setup & storage tree decorating ideas designs seen on tv blog videos company information about us the balsam hill difference store locations in the media charitable giving careers terms & privacy shop with confidence * shipping outside the contiguous us will incur additional shipping fees. copyright © 2021 balsam hill ® all rights reserved. choose your delivery country and preferred currency delivery country {{country.name}} currency {{currency.isocode}} ({{currency.symbol}}) continue we're sorry. your form has expired due to 30 minutes of inactivity. continue we're sorry. retry