来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231060543/https://www.balsamhill.com/balsam-hill-in-the-media
================================================================================

balsam hill featured media & press coverage | balsam hill items in stock & ready to ship hurry! favorites are selling fast. our latest catalog is here. get inspired now close choose a category cancel track order 0 choose a category artificial christmas trees artificial christmas trees « back to all products artificial christmas trees featured featured « back to artificial christmas trees featured best sellers new arrivals tree finder quiz branch sample kit frosted trees balsam hill on tv storage height height « back to artificial christmas trees height under 6 feet 6 - 6.5 feet 7 - 7.5 feet 8 - 9 feet 10 - 14 feet 15 - 30 feet designed for ease designed for ease « back to artificial christmas trees designed for ease simple setup color-changing lights app-controlled lights minimal prep realism realism « back to artificial christmas trees realism most realistic realistic traditional inspiration inspiration « back to artificial christmas trees inspiration about our trees choosing a tree top 10 trees digital catalog christmas wreaths & greenery christmas wreaths & greenery « back to all products christmas wreaths & greenery featured featured « back to christmas wreaths & greenery featured best sellers new arrivals balsam hill on tv outdoor safe explore explore « back to christmas wreaths & greenery explore wreaths garlands swags & hanging baskets potted trees topiaries & urn fillers storage & accessories inspiration inspiration « back to christmas wreaths & greenery inspiration greenery guide how to decorate greenery digital catalog christmas décor christmas décor « back to all products christmas décor featured featured « back to christmas décor featured best sellers new arrivals tree décor calculator balsam hill on tv farmhouse décor storage & accessories for the tree for the tree « back to christmas décor for the tree ornaments skirts & collars toppers picks ribbons garlands lights indoor indoor « back to christmas décor indoor accent trees tabletop trees candles, lanterns, & scents stockings & holders decorative accents pillows & throws nativity sets & angels outdoor outdoor « back to christmas décor outdoor yard decorations lights inspiration inspiration « back to christmas décor inspiration tree décor guide décor ideas digital catalog storage storage « back to all products storage trees wreaths & greenery ornaments fall décor fall décor « back to all products fall décor featured featured « back to fall décor featured best sellers new arrivals outdoor safe explore explore « back to fall décor explore wreaths & greenery fall decorations halloween decorations topiaries & urn fillers candles, lanterns, & scents storage & accessories inspiration inspiration « back to fall décor inspiration outdoor decorating tips thanksgiving decorating digital catalog sale sale « back to all products sale featured featured « back to sale featured top deals explore explore « back to sale explore artificial christmas trees wreaths & greenery christmas decorations storage fall décor spring décor clearance faqs chat close free shipping for christmas save up to 50% ends tomorrow shop sale free shipping for christmas save up to 50% ends tomorrow shop sale sign up and get $50 off* be the first to know about new arrivals, special offers, and early sale access. get $50 off *for new subscribers only. $50 off applies to any order of $300 or more. by signing up to receive email communications, you agree to the balsam hill terms & conditions and privacy policy. balsam hill in the media balsam hill™ trees, wreaths, and garlands have been featured in many favorite tv shows, magazines, and blogs. as seen on "cma country christmas" balsam hill partnered with cma to decorate the “cma country christmas” stage with stunningly realistic christmas trees and beautifully-designed holiday décor! the 12th annual “cma country christmas” is hosted by gabby barrett and carly pearce, with performances of christmas songs by jimmie allen with louis york and the shindellas, gabby barrett, breland, brett eldredge, lady a, carly pearce, pistol annies, carrie underwood and lainey wilson. watch “cma country christmas” november 29th at 8/7c on abc! cma and balsam hill — balsam hill partnered with cma to decorate the “cma country christmas” stage with stunningly realistic christmas trees and beautifully-designed holiday décor! the 12th annual “cma country christmas” is hosted by gabby barrett and carly pearce, with performances of christmas songs by jimmie allen with louis york and the shindellas, gabby barrett, breland, brett eldredge, lady a, carly pearce, pistol annies, carrie underwood and lainey wilson. reba mcentire and balsam hill balsam hill is proud to partner with one of country music's brightest and best-loved stars, reba mcentire. "watch the videos for "jingle bell rock", "winter wonderland", and "i'll be home for christmas" to see reba's iterations of classic christmas tunes, performed against a backdrop of our premium artificial christmas trees and beautiful holiday décor. hear these and other classics on reba's latest album, "my kind of christmas," available at http://smarturl.it/rebamkoc. "my kind of christmas" showcases her inimitable voice on some of the most classic songs of all time. unlike her previous collections, this album offers stunning, stripped-down arrangements of these timeless songs featuring reba and her pianist catherine marx. christmas standards including "silent night" and "o come all ye faithful" are featured alongside more contemporary hits like a cover of dolly parton's "hard candy christmas." the 2017 re-release of this album features 3 new duets with vince gill & amy grant ("mary did you know?"), darius rucker ("o little town of bethlehem") and lauren daigle ("back to god"). there is also a reba, trisha yearwood and kelly clarkson version of "silent night" which was previously released on kelly's "wrapped in red" album. balsam hill has worked extensively with reba on several exciting projects in 2017, such as our grand country christmas sweepstakes giving away tickets to cma country christmas (sponsored by balsam hill and hosted by reba) and our annual #celebritiesforsmiles campaign for operation smile. reba mcentire and balsam hill — balsam hill is proud to partner with one of country music’s brightest and best-loved stars, reba mcentire. balsam hill has worked extensively with reba on several exciting projects in 2017, such as her music video series for her new album “my kind of christmas,” featuring her renditions of jingle bell rock, winter wonderland, and i’ll be home for christmas. macy's thanksgiving day parade® in 2016, balsam hill debuted a wondrous float, "deck the halls," in the 90th macy's thanksgiving day parade, a tradition that will continue to delight fans for years to come. for the past decade, balsam hill has been spreading christmas cheer to families around the world with their highly-realistic artificial christmas trees and holiday décor. for more than 3.5 million spectators and more than 50 million viewers nationwide, the macy's parade signifies the beginning of the holiday season and balsam hill is proud to be part of such a long-standing tradition. "since our inception, it was our intention to be a long-standing holiday tradition that families around the world welcome into their home. after a decade we can now realize that dream and join the float family of one of our world's most beloved holiday traditions that millions welcome into their home, as they tune in to watch the macy's thanksgiving day parade." thomas harman, ceo of balsam brands, said. "what people are going to see coming down the parade route on thanksgiving is an exceptional float. it is perfect for the macy's thanksgiving day parade," said amy kule, executive producer of macy's thanksgiving day parade. she added, "balsam hill, to me, is about family celebration – and this is a family celebration...balsam hill tells that story." standing over 30 feet tall, balsam hill's "deck the halls" float embodies all that is christmas – from toys and decorated trees, to entertainment and joy. modeled after the traditional wooden pyramid, each of the three levels were hand-carved and hand-painted by the macy's parade studio to encapsulate different aspects of the holiday season enjoyed around the world. "knowing who balsam hill was, for us, we immediately zeroed in on authenticity. we wanted things to have that kind of detail and overall beauty," said john piper, vice-president of macy's parade studio. he added, "this one was just a real work of joy and love for us." at the base of the float, multiple balsam hill trees are adorned with stunning decorations in different styles to showcase a host of family traditions. whimsical, larger-than-life ornaments, toys, and a snowman help capture the magic and joy of christmas. the centerpiece of the float is a stunning carousel that spins as it is ridden by children dressed in snowy winter wonderland inspired costumes. to complete the scene, each year a special performer will delight audiences as the float makes its way down the parade route and into millions of homes this thanksgiving. macy's thanksgiving day parade — balsam hill has partnered with macy’s to create "deck the halls", a wondrous float that has brought the magic of christmas to life in the macy’s thanksgiving day parade®. for more than 3.5 million spectators and more than 50 million viewers nationwide, the macy’s parade signifies the beginning of the holiday season and balsam hill is proud to be part of such a long-standing tradition. #1 choice for top set designers balsam hill's highly realistic artificial christmas trees and timeless holiday décor make us the top choice for set designers at your favorite shows, including cma country christmas, the doctors, the late show with stephen colbert, and more. cma country christmas — dec 2016. the country music association celebrates the magic of the holidays with annual performances by some of country's most beloved stars, including host jennifer nettles, and icons like amy grant and sarah mclachlan. this season, balsam hill sponsored all the christmas décor, from the majestic california baby redwood, rockefeller pine tree, and red spruce tree to the life-size nutcrackers. the doctors — dec 2016. the doctors transformed their set into a timeless christmas scene with balsam hill's vermont white spruce trees dressed in our our heirloom-quality silver and gold ornament set. an ensemble of our led birch trees and silver and gold wreaths created an inviting setting that translated beautifully on-screen. good day sacramento — nov 2016. balsam hill decked the halls of good day sacramento and helped spread christmas cheer on set with our nordic frost, french country, christmas cheer, and silver and gold decorating themes. balsam hill brand ambassador courtney was featured, sharing decorating and gifting trends for 2016. hgtv celebrity holiday homes — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's vermont white spruce tree — whimsical charm radiates in this room designed by nathan turner for actress and model garcelle beauvais. the space features balsam hill's vermont white spruce christmas tree decorated with red gumdrops, silver balls, and candy ornaments. the tree echoes the playful toy factory theme of the room, calling to mind precious childhood memories of the holidays. hallmark channel — nov 2016. hallmark's journey back to christmas stars candace cameron bure, oliver hudson, and tom skerritt in an exciting movie about a wwii-era nurse's journey in time to 2016. against a beautiful backdrop of balsam hill's vermont white spruce trees and foliage decorated with our crystal palace ornaments, she discovers the true meaning of christmas through the bonds of family. hallmark movies and mysteries — nov 2016. hallmark's hearts of christmas stars sharon lawrence, emile ullerup, and kristoffer polaha in a moving tale about a hospital's surprise christmas party in honor of a beloved nurse. despite complications along the way, the hospital staff band together to brighten up the season by decorating their balsam hill noble fir flip tree™ with the mistletoe and holly ornament set. the fillmore, san francisco — dec 2015. american rock band, train, revisited their bay area roots and performed at the historic fillmore music venue. the san francisco natives played some of their favorite tunes from their new album, christmas in tahoe. balsam hill set the scene for an unforgettable evening with enchanting revelstoke fir christmas trees, radiant led lights, and beautiful décor. a very kacey christmas — nov 2016. american country music singer and songwriter, kacey musgraves embarked on an 8-city tour to promote her first christmas lp, a very kacey christmas. the stage was decorated with balsam hill's enchanting led birch trees, alongside beautiful revelstoke and fraser fir trees for a fun and festive scene. the late show with stephen colbert — dec 2015. stephen colbert decked the halls of the late show with balsam hill's red spruce slim trees and mountain meadow foliage, transforming the set into a winter wonderland. our show-stopping led jeweled musical nutcracker also made its way to the set for added holiday whimsy. hollywood game night — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's vermont white spruce trees and garlands — reflecting class and sophistication, the studio design for jane lynch's game show 'hollywood game night' showcased the living room as the center of holiday celebrations. featuring elegant tones of polished charcoal, champagne red, and royal gold, the iconic balsam hill vermont white spruce christmas tree and garland are highlighted as an inspiration for warm and relaxing gatherings. the ellen degeneres show — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's vermont white spruce trees and garlands — each year, ellen degeneres treats her audience to an enchanting holiday experience by showcasing spectacular balsam hill christmas trees, wreaths, and garlands in her studio. traditional evergreens are adorned with classic red, green, and gold ornaments. the abundance of décor translates on screen as a radiant backdrop to heart-warming conversations. television balsam hill™ trees, wreaths and garlands have been featured in many popular tv shows such as the today show, good morning america, celebrity holiday homes and more. if you'd like to learn more about our products, view our tv commercial here. hgtv celebrity holiday homes nbc san francisco's today in the bay today show 2009 good morning america balsam hill on tv denver's everyday show today show 2008 the wait is over today show 2007 late night with jimmy fallon hgtv celebrity holiday homes — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas trees, wreaths and garlands — in this edition of hgtv's celebrity holiday homes, designer nathan turner takes inspiration from the nutcracker in decorating the home of garcelle beauvais. life-sized toy and candy ornaments in bright hues recall childhood memories of christmas. designer hannah kate flora brings a refreshing holiday ambiance to actress kathy najimy's living room. balsam hill's mount washington christmas tree stands out elegantly against the warmth of red brick walls and hardwood floors. hgtv celebrity holiday homes — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas trees, wreaths and garlands — in this edition of hgtv's celebrity holiday homes, designer nathan turner takes inspiration from the nutcracker in decorating the home of garcelle beauvais. life-sized toy and candy ornaments in bright hues recall childhood memories of christmas. designer hannah kate flora brings a refreshing holiday ambiance to actress kathy najimy's living room. balsam hill's mount washington christmas tree stands out elegantly against the warmth of red brick walls and hardwood floors. nbc san francisco today in the bay — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's instant evergreen — the instant evergreen by balsam hill earned a spot on the 'gadget friday' segment of nbc san francisco's today in the bay. our artisan tree offers convenience like no other. memory wire branches reduce the time needed for fluffing, while the easy plug feature allows you to power your tree by using just a single plug. our instant evergreen provides your home with elegance and efficiency for years to come. today show — dec 2009 featuring balsam hill's christmas garlands — the today show unveils balsam hill's prelit garlands during the 'countdown to christmas' segment. lined on the mantel or staircase, our lush and vibrant garlands come complete with high-quality lights to provide extra cheer and warmth to any holiday home. limes, apples, and clementine oranges studded with cloves add delicious fragrance and color that enhance the natural beauty of our premium christmas garlands. good morning america — dec 2010 featuring balsam hill's denali white christmas tree — good morning america features the immaculate charm of balsam hill's denali white christmas tree as domino magazine puts a fun spin to it. styled to exude a cheerful vibe, the artificial tree is decorated with ceramic animals and bright, technicolor baubles with zigzag and horizontal patterns. gold chain link garlands and ornaments make the tree's pristine white foliage dazzle and stand out in the set. balsam hill as seen on tv — featuring balsam hill's bh fraser fir — our impressive bh fraser fir echoes the lush beauty of the mountain forests of north carolina, tennessee, and virginia. designed to mimic real fir, this artificial christmas tree uses balsam hill's signature true needle technology, which captures the color and texture of actual fir needles. the bh fraser fir is truly a classic holiday centerpiece. denver's everyday show — featuring balsam hill's colorado mountain spruce — lifestyle expert katie woolsey talks about the benefits of balsam hill's artificial christmas trees on denver's highly popular the everyday show. katie highlights the elegance and realism of our colorado mountain spruce and demonstrates the delightful look and versatility of the tree's color+clear lights. with its beauty, convenience, and craftsmanship, the colorado mountain spruce leaves a lasting, positive impression on the viewers. today show — dec 2008 featuring the bh balsam fir, instant evergreen, and fifth avenue flatback — emphasizing the stunning realism and ease of use of balsam hill artificial christmas trees, ahmed hassan of diy network's yard crashers showcases balsam hill's signature true needle foliage and the unique features of the bh balsam fir, instant evergreen, and fifth avenue flatback trees on the today show. the wait is over — dec 2010 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas trees, wreaths and garlands — balsam hill's line of premium artificial christmas trees, garlands, and wreaths offers timeless elegance and efficiency. we create pieces with our signature true needle foliage, color+clear or candlelight led lights, and easy plug feature to make your holiday celebrations truly special. today show — dec 2007 featuring balsam hill's california baby redwood tree and fifth avenue flatback tree — our california baby redwood christmas tree and fifth avenue flatback tree take center stage on the today show. in the segment, the beauty of the lifelike foliage and the convenience of the remote-controlled lights of our artisan christmas trees are highlighted. the hosts renamed the bh trees the 'i am crazy busy tree' as an answer to the homeowner who has a lot on her plate. late night with jimmy fallon — dec 2009 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas tree — a tall and regal showpiece graces the set of late night with jimmy fallon. an artisan christmas tree from balsam hill is decked with traditional ornaments that complement the rich red tones of the set. the star tree topper completes the classic theme of the tree, bringing a warm and welcoming touch to the set. the ellen degeneres show — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas trees — balsam hill's stunning artificial christmas trees set the ellen degeneres show in a cheerful mood for the '12 days of giveaways' segment. decorated with large gold and bronze christmas baubles that deliver a bold statement, the pre-lit balsam hill trees heighten the audience's excitement for the holidays. the ellen degeneres show — dec 2009 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas trees, wreaths and garlands — ellen degeneres amazes the whole audience at her talk show when she fills the set with balsam hill's iconic artificial christmas trees, wreaths, and garlands. our pre-lit evergreen decorations are festooned with elegant multicolored ornaments, including a traditional silver star. the spectrum of colors echoes the festive mood of the season. the ellen degeneres show — dec 2008 featuring balsam hill's vermont white spruce, norway spruce, and denali white christmas trees — traditional and contemporary decorating styles come together in this beautiful yuletide set of the ellen degeneres show. by displaying the classic charm of our premium christmas trees covered in artificial snow, the set designers were able to transform the studio into an enchanting winter wonderland. the sparkling clear led lights of our prelit trees also adds to the dreamy ambiance. magazines our beautiful balsam hill trees, wreaths and garlands have been highlighted in many favorite magazines such as this old house, sunset, and more. coastal living — dec 2011/jan 2012 featuring balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree — coastal living magazine looks at how the crisp beauty of balsam hill's mount washington white artificial christmas tree conveys an air of elegance. silver stars, shiny balls, and white baubles complement the wintry foliage of the tree as well as the white walls and hardwood floors in this quaint living room. the clear lights also radiate warmth, balancing the soft glow emanating from the fireplace. coastal living — dec 2011/jan 2012 featuring balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree — coastal living magazine looks at how the crisp beauty of balsam hill's mount washington white artificial christmas tree conveys an air of elegance. silver stars, shiny balls, and white baubles complement the wintry foliage of the tree as well as the white walls and hardwood floors in this quaint living room. the clear lights also radiate warmth, balancing the soft glow emanating from the fireplace. sunset magazine — dec 2012 featuring balsam hill's bh noble fir — thomas harman, founder and ceo of balsam hill, talks about the history and future of artificial christmas trees in this interview with sunset magazine. the article also takes a closer look at the premium bh noble fir, whose layers of ultra-realistic foliage offer a look of abundance. this evergreen masterpiece stands out even without lights and ornaments. sunset magazine — dec 2012 featuring balsam hill's bh noble fir — thomas harman, founder and ceo of balsam hill, talks about the history and future of artificial christmas trees in this interview with sunset magazine. the article also takes a closer look at the premium bh noble fir, whose layers of ultra-realistic foliage offer a look of abundance. this evergreen masterpiece stands out even without lights and ornaments. emma magazine — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree — the fresh, white beauty of balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree completes the captivating vision of winter in this elegant home. metallic gold ball ornaments catch rays of sunshine streaming from the window, adding cheer and sparkle to this lovely holiday scene. topped with an observant owl and wrapped in a burlap ribbon garland, our tree blends naturally with this room's white and brown palette. emma magazine — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree — the fresh, white beauty of balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree completes the captivating vision of winter in this elegant home. metallic gold ball ornaments catch rays of sunshine streaming from the window, adding cheer and sparkle to this lovely holiday scene. topped with an observant owl and wrapped in a burlap ribbon garland, our tree blends naturally with this room's white and brown palette. emma magazine — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree — the fresh, white beauty of balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree completes the captivating vision of winter in this elegant home. metallic gold ball ornaments catch rays of sunshine streaming from the window, adding cheer and sparkle to this lovely holiday scene. topped with an observant owl and wrapped in a burlap ribbon garland, our tree blends naturally with this room's white and brown palette. emma magazine — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree — the fresh, white beauty of balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree completes the captivating vision of winter in this elegant home. metallic gold ball ornaments catch rays of sunshine streaming from the window, adding cheer and sparkle to this lovely holiday scene. topped with an observant owl and wrapped in a burlap ribbon garland, our tree blends naturally with this room's white and brown palette. rue magazine — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree — simple elegance is emphasized in this mount washington white christmas tree from balsam hill. set against a large window inside a minimalist flat, the pristine white christmas tree provides the perfect backdrop to the red, orange, and silver ornaments. the subtle color scheme echoes the splashes of white, mustard yellow, and deep red in the furnishings of this well-illuminated space. rue magazine — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree — simple elegance is emphasized in this mount washington white christmas tree from balsam hill. set against a large window inside a minimalist flat, the pristine white christmas tree provides the perfect backdrop to the red, orange, and silver ornaments. the subtle color scheme echoes the splashes of white, mustard yellow, and deep red in the furnishings of this well-illuminated space. this old house — dec 2010 featuring balsam hill's colorado mountain spruce — this colorado mountain spruce christmas tree from balsam hill may be smaller than the usual evergreen, but it delivers a statement of timeless elegance. this christmas masterpiece prominently sits atop a quaint white box stand with intricate lace patterns on the side. the tree is adorned with adorable trinkets of dollhouse doors and windows. this distinct decorative style matches the traditional interiors of the house where the tree resides. hgtv magazine — dec 2012 featuring balsam hill's norway spruce — the luxuriant look of balsam hill's norway spruce artificial christmas tree adds a touch of sophistication to any holiday celebration. the extremely lifelike true needle moss-green foliage can be decorated with a selection of colorful crystal and jeweled ornaments to elevate the traditional motif of your home to loftier heights. you can also switch on this tree's color+clear or candlelight led lights to highlight little finishing touches, such as the tree skirt and tree topper, and create a classic christmas scene. homes & gardens — dec 2011 featuring the bh fraser fir — shortlisted as one of homes & gardens' faux trees, the bh fraser fir is recognized for its ease of use and durable design. the tree offers a masterful combination of our ultra-realistic true needle™ foliage and premium classic needles, creating a vision of abundant beauty. homes & gardens — dec 2011 featuring the bh fraser fir — shortlisted as one of homes & gardens' faux trees, the bh fraser fir is recognized for its ease of use and durable design. the tree offers a masterful combination of our ultra-realistic true needle™ foliage and premium classic needles, creating a vision of abundant beauty. food & wine magazine — dec 2010 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas tree — this balsam hill prelit artificial christmas tree is a vibrant presence in the home of manhattan chef scott conant, who is featured in this edition of food & wine magazine. embellished with sparkling silver ornaments in sun, moon, and star patterns, this artificial tree with clear lights matches the lovely white interiors. parenting — dec 2010/jan 2011 featuring balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree — parenting magazine's little stars display their holiday outfits in front of the simple, minimally decorated mount washington white christmas tree from balsam hill. this elegant tree is undoubtedly the perfect backdrop for your family photo for years to come. parenting — dec 2010/jan 2011 featuring balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree — parenting magazine's little stars display their holiday outfits in front of the simple, minimally decorated mount washington white christmas tree from balsam hill. this elegant tree is undoubtedly the perfect backdrop for your family photo for years to come. parenting — dec 2010/jan 2011 featuring balsam hill's mount washington white christmas tree — parenting magazine's little stars display their holiday outfits in front of the simple, minimally decorated mount washington white christmas tree from balsam hill. this elegant tree is undoubtedly the perfect backdrop for your family photo for years to come. ladies home journal — dec 2008 featuring balsam hill's rogue river spruce and denali white christmas tree — crowned with a glittered gold star tree topper, balsam hill's rogue river spruce is a classic holiday centerpiece in its red, green, and gold color palette perfectly set against the room's white walls. also featured is the denali white christmas tree, a balsam hill stunner that dazzles with its clear lights, paper starbursts, and blue and silver ornaments. ladies home journal — dec 2008 featuring balsam hill's rogue river spruce and denali white christmas tree — crowned with a glittered gold star tree topper, balsam hill's rogue river spruce is a classic holiday centerpiece in its red, green, and gold color palette perfectly set against the room's white walls. also featured is the denali white christmas tree, a balsam hill stunner that dazzles with its clear lights, paper starbursts, and blue and silver ornaments. phyllis hoffman celebrate — nov/dec 2011 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas tree and wreath — adorned with colorful candies, this balsam hill artificial christmas tree featured in phyllis hoffman celebrate serves as a playful backdrop to a mouthwatering dessert buffet. another room is graced by a beautiful balsam hill artificial wreath, embellished with baubles in classic holiday colors of green, silver, and red to inspire a fun and festive mood. phyllis hoffman celebrate — nov/dec 2011 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas tree and wreath — adorned with colorful candies, this balsam hill artificial christmas tree featured in phyllis hoffman celebrate serves as a playful backdrop to a mouthwatering dessert buffet. another room is graced by a beautiful balsam hill artificial wreath, embellished with baubles in classic holiday colors of green, silver, and red to inspire a fun and festive mood. newspapers balsam hill's artificial christmas trees have been highlighted in articles in leading newspapers, including san jose mercury news, san francisco business times and the palm beach post. sj mercury news — aug 2013 — heather somerville interviews thomas harman, founder and ceo of balsam hill, on the company's success in the e-commerce industry and the newly opened christmas tree showroom in burlingame, california. sj mercury news — aug 2013 — heather somerville interviews thomas harman, founder and ceo of balsam hill, on the company's success in the e-commerce industry and the newly opened christmas tree showroom in burlingame, california. sj mercury news — aug 2013 — heather somerville interviews thomas harman, founder and ceo of balsam hill, on the company's success in the e-commerce industry and the newly opened christmas tree showroom in burlingame, california. sj mercury news — aug 2013 — heather somerville interviews thomas harman, founder and ceo of balsam hill, on the company's success in the e-commerce industry and the newly opened christmas tree showroom in burlingame, california. san francisco business times — aug 2013 — find out how balsam hill has branched out as an online retailer to build its very first brick-and-mortar store. the post and courier — nov 2009 featuring balsam hill's vermont white spruce — with their lush profile and handpainted, ultra-realistic branches and needles, balsam hill artificial christmas trees rival live evergreens. the post and courier — nov 2009 featuring balsam hill's vermont white spruce — with their lush profile and handpainted, ultra-realistic branches and needles, balsam hill artificial christmas trees rival live evergreens. the post and courier — nov 2009 featuring balsam hill's vermont white spruce — with their lush profile and handpainted, ultra-realistic branches and needles, balsam hill artificial christmas trees rival live evergreens. the palm beach post — nov 2009 — learn more about the many uses and benefits of modern artificial christmas trees as they evolve from generic retail-store finds to premium, lifelike versions of real evergreens. the palm beach post — nov 2009 — learn more about the many uses and benefits of modern artificial christmas trees as they evolve from generic retail-store finds to premium, lifelike versions of real evergreens. blog & websites balsam hill™ trees, wreaths and garlands have been featured in many favorite blogs and websites, including rachael ray, real simple, bob vila, lonny, and this old house. rachael ray — nov 2009 — in the article on getting the right tree this christmas, evette, a blogger for the rachael ray website, offers readers some advice on how to choose a christmas tree and get the best deals online. she outlines the benefits of using a real evergreen, but places special emphasis on artificial christmas trees. she cites balsam hill as a premium brand that offers numerous foliage options, heights, and even prelit variants perfect for any home. rachael ray — nov 2009 — in the article on getting the right tree this christmas, evette, a blogger for the rachael ray website, offers readers some advice on how to choose a christmas tree and get the best deals online. she outlines the benefits of using a real evergreen, but places special emphasis on artificial christmas trees. she cites balsam hill as a premium brand that offers numerous foliage options, heights, and even prelit variants perfect for any home. rachael ray — nov 2009 — in the article on getting the right tree this christmas, evette, a blogger for the rachael ray website, offers readers some advice on how to choose a christmas tree and get the best deals online. she outlines the benefits of using a real evergreen, but places special emphasis on artificial christmas trees. she cites balsam hill as a premium brand that offers numerous foliage options, heights, and even prelit variants perfect for any home. rachael ray — nov 2009 — in the article on getting the right tree this christmas, evette, a blogger for the rachael ray website, offers readers some advice on how to choose a christmas tree and get the best deals online. she outlines the benefits of using a real evergreen, but places special emphasis on artificial christmas trees. she cites balsam hill as a premium brand that offers numerous foliage options, heights, and even prelit variants perfect for any home. bob vila — dec 2013 — kelsey savage of bobvila.com revisits the real tree vs. fake tree debate and makes a strong case for the artificial christmas tree. in an in-depth interview with balsam hill founder and ceo thomas harman, the writer details the many benefits of having an artificial christmas tree, including some hypoallergenic features as well as the quick setup and durability of the tree for years, allowing customers to save both time and money. bob vila — dec 2013 featuring the bh balsam fir and norway spruce — bob vila, popular home improvement expert, lists down his picks for the top 10 artificial christmas trees of 2013. topping his list is our renowned bh balsam fir with finely detailed needle tips, rich texture and shading, upward slowing branches, and pre-strung lights. vila also considers the slender, deep moss-green true needle foliage of the balsam hill norway spruce a real stunner. this beautiful artificial christmas tree has sturdy branches with alternating tufts of light green needles for added realism and charm. bob vila — dec 2013 featuring the bh balsam fir and norway spruce — bob vila, popular home improvement expert, lists down his picks for the top 10 artificial christmas trees of 2013. topping his list is our renowned bh balsam fir with finely detailed needle tips, rich texture and shading, upward slowing branches, and pre-strung lights. vila also considers the slender, deep moss-green true needle foliage of the balsam hill norway spruce a real stunner. this beautiful artificial christmas tree has sturdy branches with alternating tufts of light green needles for added realism and charm. bob vila — dec 2013 featuring the bh balsam fir and norway spruce — bob vila, popular home improvement expert, lists down his picks for the top 10 artificial christmas trees of 2013. topping his list is our renowned bh balsam fir with finely detailed needle tips, rich texture and shading, upward slowing branches, and pre-strung lights. vila also considers the slender, deep moss-green true needle foliage of the balsam hill norway spruce a real stunner. this beautiful artificial christmas tree has sturdy branches with alternating tufts of light green needles for added realism and charm. lonny — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's fresh eucalyptus berry wreath — kaylei mcgaw, associate editor at lonny, gives the traditional christmas colors of red and green an asian flair by taking inspiration from the chinese new year. with her love for repurposing beautiful textiles, she turns a chinese housecoat made of embroidered red silk into a sash for her eucalyptus wreath. the intricate floral patterns embroidered on the fabric complement the bright red berries that adorn this fresh wreath by balsam hill. lonny — dec 2013 featuring balsam hill's fresh eucalyptus berry wreath — kaylei mcgaw, associate editor at lonny, gives the traditional christmas colors of red and green an asian flair by taking inspiration from the chinese new year. with her love for repurposing beautiful textiles, she turns a chinese housecoat made of embroidered red silk into a sash for her eucalyptus wreath. the intricate floral patterns embroidered on the fabric complement the bright red berries that adorn this fresh wreath by balsam hill. this old house — dec 2009 featuring balsam hill's vermont white spruce and colorado mountain spruce trees — as the centerpiece for the lincoln room of the blair house in washington dc, the stately colorado mountain spruce is festooned with unique ornaments representing the iconic architecture of the presidential guest house. the truman study, on the other hand, displays the breathtaking vermont white spruce draped with vintage ornaments and little trinkets exuding a 1950s aura. this old house — dec 2009 featuring balsam hill's vermont white spruce and colorado mountain spruce trees — as the centerpiece for the lincoln room of the blair house in washington dc, the stately colorado mountain spruce is festooned with unique ornaments representing the iconic architecture of the presidential guest house. the truman study, on the other hand, displays the breathtaking vermont white spruce draped with vintage ornaments and little trinkets exuding a 1950s aura. creators — sep 2009 featuring balsam hill's true needle technology — our exclusive true needle technology allows us to perfect the lifelike detailing of our artificial christmas trees. aside from their beauty, our artisan trees are also convenient because they last longer and do not shed needles or require watering. creators — sep 2009 featuring balsam hill's true needle technology — our exclusive true needle technology allows us to perfect the lifelike detailing of our artificial christmas trees. aside from their beauty, our artisan trees are also convenient because they last longer and do not shed needles or require watering. real simple — dec 2011 featuring balsam hill's colorado mountain spruce — real simple illustrates some of its most festive christmas tree decorating ideas with balsam hill's magnificent colorado mountain spruce. our artificial christmas tree is draped with a variety of red garlands, including strands made of paper fringes, felt mittens, and glass beads. it is also decorated with vintage pieces, such as golden owls and birds, and balanced off with modern items, such as pink and fuchsia finials. real simple — dec 2011 featuring balsam hill's colorado mountain spruce — real simple illustrates some of its most festive christmas tree decorating ideas with balsam hill's magnificent colorado mountain spruce. our artificial christmas tree is draped with a variety of red garlands, including strands made of paper fringes, felt mittens, and glass beads. it is also decorated with vintage pieces, such as golden owls and birds, and balanced off with modern items, such as pink and fuchsia finials. the kitchen designer — dec 2011 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas trees and garlands — susan serra, certified kitchen designer, decorates the kitchen for christmas in a rather unconventional fashion. by embellishing her evergreen decorations with various kitchen utensils, she creates a festive and tasteful holiday display and turns her kitchen into an interesting place for guests and loved ones. the kitchen designer — dec 2011 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas trees and garlands — susan serra, certified kitchen designer, decorates the kitchen for christmas in a rather unconventional fashion. by embellishing her evergreen decorations with various kitchen utensils, she creates a festive and tasteful holiday display and turns her kitchen into an interesting place for guests and loved ones. the kitchen designer — dec 2011 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas trees and garlands — susan serra, certified kitchen designer, decorates the kitchen for christmas in a rather unconventional fashion. by embellishing her evergreen decorations with various kitchen utensils, she creates a festive and tasteful holiday display and turns her kitchen into an interesting place for guests and loved ones. the kitchen designer — dec 2011 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas trees and garlands — susan serra, certified kitchen designer, decorates the kitchen for christmas in a rather unconventional fashion. by embellishing her evergreen decorations with various kitchen utensils, she creates a festive and tasteful holiday display and turns her kitchen into an interesting place for guests and loved ones. the kitchen designer — dec 2011 featuring balsam hill's artificial christmas trees and garlands — susan serra, certified kitchen designer, decorates the kitchen for christmas in a rather unconventional fashion. by embellishing her evergreen decorations with various kitchen utensils, she creates a festive and tasteful holiday display and turns her kitchen into an interesting place for guests and loved ones. design mom — nov 2011 — featuring balsam hill's fraser fir - balsam hill partners with design mom, a renowned design and parenting blog named as a website of the year by time magazine, for a fun giveaway for the readers. occasionally, we collaborate with bloggers and websites for christmas decorating tips, sponsor product giveaways to spread the holiday spirit, and invite more people to experience the balsam hill difference. finding home — dec 2013 — featuring the nuntucket blue spruce - laura from finding home shares how the easy setup of an instant evergreen tree has transformed her experience with artificial christmas trees. she also shows readers how she uses a mix of diy & store-bought ornaments, as well as black-and-white ribbon, to decorate her gorgeous red, black and white christmas centerpiece. finding home — dec 2013 — featuring the nuntucket blue spruce - laura from finding home shares how the easy setup of an instant evergreen tree has transformed her experience with artificial christmas trees. she also shows readers how she uses a mix of diy & store-bought ornaments, as well as black-and-white ribbon, to decorate her gorgeous red, black and white christmas centerpiece. finding home — dec 2013 — featuring the nuntucket blue spruce - laura from finding home shares how the easy setup of an instant evergreen tree has transformed her experience with artificial christmas trees. she also shows readers how she uses a mix of diy & store-bought ornaments, as well as black-and-white ribbon, to decorate her gorgeous red, black and white christmas centerpiece. finding home — dec 2013 — featuring the nuntucket blue spruce - laura from finding home shares how the easy setup of an instant evergreen tree has transformed her experience with artificial christmas trees. she also shows readers how she uses a mix of diy & store-bought ornaments, as well as black-and-white ribbon, to decorate her gorgeous red, black and white christmas centerpiece. finding home — dec 2013 — featuring the nuntucket blue spruce - laura from finding home shares how the easy setup of an instant evergreen tree has transformed her experience with artificial christmas trees. she also shows readers how she uses a mix of diy & store-bought ornaments, as well as black-and-white ribbon, to decorate her gorgeous red, black and white christmas centerpiece. at the picket fence — dec 2013 — featuring the vermont white spruce narrow - heather uses her mother's favorite christmas song blue christmas as an inspiration and leaves us all in awe of her blue, gold and white christmas tree. adorning snowflake, spiral and ball ornaments, the towering christmas tree provides a modern yet festive holiday atmosphere. at the picket fence — dec 2013 — featuring the vermont white spruce narrow - heather uses her mother's favorite christmas song blue christmas as an inspiration and leaves us all in awe of her blue, gold and white christmas tree. adorning snowflake, spiral and ball ornaments, the towering christmas tree provides a modern yet festive holiday atmosphere. at the picket fence — dec 2013 — featuring the vermont white spruce narrow - heather uses her mother's favorite christmas song blue christmas as an inspiration and leaves us all in awe of her blue, gold and white christmas tree. adorning snowflake, spiral and ball ornaments, the towering christmas tree provides a modern yet festive holiday atmosphere. at the picket fence — dec 2013 — featuring the vermont white spruce narrow - heather uses her mother's favorite christmas song blue christmas as an inspiration and leaves us all in awe of her blue, gold and white christmas tree. adorning snowflake, spiral and ball ornaments, the towering christmas tree provides a modern yet festive holiday atmosphere. at the picket fence — dec 2013 — featuring the vermont white spruce narrow - heather uses her mother's favorite christmas song blue christmas as an inspiration and leaves us all in awe of her blue, gold and white christmas tree. adorning snowflake, spiral and ball ornaments, the towering christmas tree provides a modern yet festive holiday atmosphere. at the picket fence — dec 2013 — featuring the vermont white spruce narrow - heather uses her mother's favorite christmas song blue christmas as an inspiration and leaves us all in awe of her blue, gold and white christmas tree. adorning snowflake, spiral and ball ornaments, the towering christmas tree provides a modern yet festive holiday atmosphere. media inquiries to request a media kit please email us at media@balsamhill.com. get inspired discover the latest holiday products and decorating styles receive our best promotions and offers be the first to know about our giveaways sign upplease enter a valid email address. thank youfor signing up to receive emailsfrom balsam hill. for expert advice call 1.888.55.balsamor contact us » stay connected customer support faq contact us check order status shipping & orders promotion details returns & exchange warranty request a catalog catalog unsubscribe do not sell my personal info email preferences business sales design trade program submit a review accessibility statement resources & ideas resource center tree buyer's guide branch sample kit tree setup & storage tree decorating ideas designs seen on tv blog videos company information about us the balsam hill difference store locations in the media charitable giving careers terms & privacy shop with confidence * shipping outside the contiguous us will incur additional shipping fees. copyright © 2021 balsam hill ® all rights reserved. shop all products connect with us for decorating tips and holidayinspiration, visit the balsam hill blog. contact us call us 1-877-993-6556 send us a message sign up for our newsletter faqcontact usabout usterms & privacystore locations resource centertree buyer's guidetree setup & storageaccessibility statement shipping & orderspromotion detailsreturns & exchangeswarranty view the desktop site "balsam hill is home of the most realistic artificial christmastrees and seasonal home décor." — the doctors *shipping outside the contiguous us will incuradditional shipping fees. copyright © 2021 balsam hill® choose your delivery country and preferred currency delivery country {{country.name}} currency {{currency.isocode}} ({{currency.symbol}}) continue we're sorry. your form has expired due to 30 minutes of inactivity. continue we're sorry. retry