来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231025503/https://www.balsamhill.com/corporate-philanthropy
================================================================================

balsam hill charity events | balsam hillenable accessibilitytrack ordersave up to 50% + free shipping shop salebalsam hill charity events balsam hill engages in a variety of community activities that help strengthen families and support those in need.balsam provisions: our crisis responseon april 3, 2020, the balsam hill team and our partners rallied together to launch balsam provisions, an online outlet for non-perishable food and basic household items. during this time, the covid-19 crisis left grocery store shelves low on essentials, and launching balsam provisions was our way of helping individuals from around the country obtain necessary supplies without having to leave their homes.from launch to when balsam provisions closed on june 30, we had the privilege of serving over 1,200 customers in 49 states. the most popular items included toilet paper, paper towels, flour, and pasta. in addition to serving these customers, we also made donations of cash and food to three food banks: the idaho foodbank, second harvest of silicon valley, and central pennsylvania food bank. the total value of these donations was $60,000, including 20,000 pounds of food.continuing with the spirit of giving, balsam hill partnered with entertainment tonight co-host kevin frazier for his christmas in july philanthropy project. kevin and his team brought joy to two families who were greatly affected by the pandemic by decorating their homes and providing them a month’s supply of food. the project expanded to support hope gardens family center, a transitional housing campus for women and children, by providing supplies for the shelters’ 80 families as part of their christmas in july celebration.for more about balsam provisions, read our founder’s message.a charitable december it's the season of giving! help contribute to our partner charities by simply liking, commenting, and sharing posts. for our annual holiday campaign, we are featuring three charities on our facebook page and are inviting followers to donate to their causes. from december 2-30, followers can like, react, comment, and share our charity campaign posts. on facebook each like, love, and wow is worth $0.25, while a comment and share are worth $0.50 each. comments on the blog post will be worth $1.00, and comments indicating one of the three charities on the final facebook post will be worth $1.00. at the end of the campaign, balsam hill will tally all engagements to determine the total amount raised for each charity, then match each reaction with a corresponding donation. all donations will benefit these charitable organizations: american cancer society the american cancer society is a nationwide voluntary health organization dedicated to helping people who face cancer. legendary singer and patron, tony bennett, shares how our contribution makes breakthrough research, free rides to treatment, free places to stay near hospitals, and other crucial patient services all possible. when it comes to cancer, the acs is the only organization attacking from every angle. they promote healthy lifestyles to help prevent cancer, and research its causes to find more answers and better treatments. they also fight for lifesaving policy changes. in fact, they provide everything from emotional support to the latest cancer information for those who have been touched by cancer. and they do it all 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. by donating to the american cancer society, we are supporting programs and services dedicated to helping cancer survivors. reba's ranch house in 1992, country music's brightest star, reba mcentire founded her first and only operating charity – reba’s ranch house. located in denison, tx, reba’s ranch house gives families of patients in local medical facilities in north texas and southern oklahoma a place to stay when they need it most. similar to a ronald mcdonald house, reba’s ranch house incorporates holistic care by providing a calm setting for rest, warm meals for nourishment, and sensitive staff for spiritual connections. the house is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, and has welcomed over 35,000 families since its opening. to learn more, visit rebasranchhouse.org. monroe carell jr. children's hospital at vanderbilt as a nonprofit organization, monroe carell jr. children’s hospital at vanderbilt provides advanced, personalized care for all children. no child is denied care based on the family’s ability to pay. this level of service would not be possible without philanthropy. children’s hospital is ranked among the best children’s hospitals in the nation by u.s. news & world report. learn more about one of the nation’s leading children’s hospitals here. american country music singer, songwriter and record producer brett eldredge is a supporter of monroe carell jr. children’s hospital at vanderbilt. he created the brett eldredge family foundation in support of research for a cure and to help children battling pediatric cancer. his foundation recently donated its first check of $60,000 to children’s hospital. a portion of these funds were raised from eldredge's christmas concert, an evening with brett eldredge, where he performed classic holiday tunes. this year, we partner with brett to raise more funds to support the cause. expand balsam hill and operation smileinternational medical charity operation smile aims to spread smiles to children all over the world. dr. william magee and his wife kathleen founded operation smile in 1982 to provide life-saving operations on children with cleft lips and palates. balsam hill first partnered with operation smile in 2014 during our celebrities for smiles campaign, auctioning off ornaments autographed by famous personalities such as adam levine, stephen colbert, harrison ford, and more. in addition to this yearly campaign, balsam hill holds mid-year christmas in july fundraising events for the benefit of charities like operation smile. to date, balsam hill has raised more than $275,000 for operation smile, helping give over 1,140 children brighter smiles and brighter futures.$275,548.29amount raised through july 2019 tis the other season, balsam hill gives back for our annual christmas in july campaign, we are featuring four charities on our facebook page and are inviting readers to donate to their causes. from july 2-31, readers can like, react, comment, and share on our charity campaign posts. each like, love, and wow is worth $0.50, while a comment and share are worth $1 each. on july 31, readers will have one more chance to donate by simply commenting the name of their charity of choice on a special post for another $1 contribution. at the end of the campaign, balsam hill will tally all engagements to determine the total amount raised for each charity, then match each cent with a corresponding donation. all donations will benefit these charitable organizations: feed the children feed the children exists to defeat childhood hunger and is one of the largest us-based charities that serves those in need in the us and in 10 countries around the world. through their partnerships and programs, in fiscal year 2017 feed the children’s outreach benefited approximately 6.4 million children and families globally. since their inception in 1979, their mission has been to provide hope and resources for those without life’s essentials. this mission can only be fulfilled by dedicated partners, donors, and volunteers working together. feed the children believes that a future without hungry children is possible, and collaboration is the only way to end childhood hunger. junior achievement of idaho junior achievement of idaho's purpose is to inspire and prepare young people to succeed in a global economy. junior achievement maintains an active vision on how the organization can have a positive impact on the lives of more students while being guided by these core values: belief in the boundless potential of young people; commitment to the principles of market-based economics and entrepreneurship; passion for what they do and honesty, integrity, and excellence in how they do it; respect for the talents, creativity, perspectives, and backgrounds of all individuals; belief in the power of partnership and collaboration; and conviction in the education and motivational impact of relevant, hands-on learning. point hope point hope's mission is to raise awareness and champion the cause of forgotten children. they believe that greatness can be found in service. people who aspire to be truly great are those who are serve the most vulnerable and who are helpers of humanity. the organization’s aim is to be the voice for forgotten children and their families in usa and in africa. they work with volunteers, ambassadors, and donors to help restore hope, provide purpose, and save lives in marginalized communities. team music is love through her team music is love charity initiative, singer-songwriter martina mcbride invites fans to join her in making the world a better place. the organization’s initiatives have included a breast cancer research grant at vanderbilt ingram cancer center in nashville, tennessee, and a therapeutic music program for orphaned children at covenant house in guatemala city, guatemala. martina also used her love unleashed concert tour as an opportunity to spread love and feed those in need by partnering with food banks to hold mass food drops in many of the cities on the tour. through team music is love, people from around the nation and the world have joined martina’s global charity movement. expand a charitable christmas in july in july of 2017, balsam hill partnered with four charities to help raise funds for different causes. for every engagement on campaign related social media posts, balsam hill matched with a corresponding donation. we were able to raise a combined $5,348.50 for the following participating charities: alzheimer's association of greater idaho the alzheimer's association provides care and support for all those affected by alzheimer’s and other dementias. by funding research and leading through advocacy, the association is committed to accelerating the global progress of new treatments, preventions, and ultimately, a cure. make a donation here. second harvest food bank of east central indiana second harvest’s mission is to feed the hungry, address the causes of food security, and empower people to become self-sufficient and free from hunger. it redistributes food that is considered unsellable but is nutritious and wholesome, feeding over 70,000 people daily in 8 counties. donate to the food bank today. ronald mcdonald house at stanford the ronald mcdonald house at stanford provides safe and supportive accommodation for families with critically ill children undergoing treatment at the lucille packard children’s hospital stanford and other facilities. a comprehensive mix of services engages all family members to help ease their burdens during their difficult situations. click here to find out how you can help. point hope point hope is the voice for abandoned youths, such as young refugees and foster children who have no families to care for them. their programs include providing clothing, care packages for teens, counseling, and mentoring. make a donation here. expand festival of treessince 2016, balsam hill has participated as a distinguished benefactor to the saint alphonsus festival of trees by donating premium artificial trees and wreaths for use throughout the festival. the trees and wreaths are decorated by local volunteers, groups, or companies and then sold at auction to raise money for specific divisions of the hospital network. every year, proceeds from the festival of trees help saint alphonsus deliver quality healthcare to the greater treasure valley community in idaho. the season of giving 2015 from november 16, 2015, through december 25, 2015, balsam hill is partnering with 4 charities as part of the season of giving. we will match 100% of donations up to $2,000, and 10% of any donations after that. for every $25 donation, we will send the donor a surprise christmas ornament. $5,376.50 amount raised through 2015 with match the always dream foundation our mission is to to inspire undeserved children to reach for their dreams through innovative reading programs and by advancing the cause of early childhood literacy. $250raised csaac at csaac our mission is to enable individuals with autism to achieve their highest potential and contribute as confident members of their community. $3,265raised the dallas stars foundation our foundation focuses its efforts on providing support to the children of the community so they may lead quality lives and develop into contributing members of society. $25raised my new red shoes my new red shoes helps homeless and low-income children look and feel confident as they start the school year by providing them with the gift of new clothing and shoes. $75raised musicares musicares provides a safety net of critical assistance for music people in times of need. musicares' services and resources cover a wide range of financial, medical and personal emergencies, and each case is treated with integrity and confidentiality. $75raised family house family house serves as a home away from home for families of children with cancer and other life-threatening illnesses by providing physical comfort and emotional support, free from financial concerns. $200raised expand christmas in july 2015 it's july once again and although christmas is still a few months away, the spirit of giving is in the air. for the second consecutive year, we are organizing a christmas in july charity program as part of our continuing effort to raise funds for charitable institutions. balsam hill will match 100% of donations up to the first $1,000 raised for each charity, and then 10% of each subsequent amount. readers can donate to their favorite charity via a dedicated indiegogo page. as a token of gratitude, for each $50 contribution, donors will receive a mystery christmas ornament from balsam hill. $20,960 amount raised through july 2015 nvc foundation nvc foundation's nutrition program provides undernourished infants and young children in the philippines with a daily mingo meal for six months, giving them added nutrients for optimal growth. mingo is a nutritious, instant food powder that turns into a rich porridge when mixed with water. nvc targets undernourished infants, toddlers and young children during the vulnerable period of early growth. support a six-month feeding program for one child: $45donate one mingo meal: $0.12 my new red shoes my new red shoes helps homeless and low-income children look and feel confident as they start the school year by providing them with new clothing and shoes and by rallying youth and adults around this effort through volunteer and educational opportunities for individuals, families, schools, corporations, and community groups. no kid hungry many kids who rely on school meals struggle to get enough to eat during the summer months. it's time to improve the way we feed kids when school is out of session. childhood hunger is a problem that threatens our children and our future. we're in danger of losing an entire generation of leaders, innovators and problem-solvers. but we are ending childhood hunger today. women's intercultural center to provide a place for women to learn and work together to develop their social, spiritual, economic and political potential. the women's intercultural center is a catalyst for transforming the lives of women; a tangible reminder to our daughters and immigrant women that they are worth the effort. expand food for bay area families for many working families in the bay area, the rising cost of living can make the holidays a bittersweet time of year. balsam hill is happy to have been able to help those families by volunteering at the second harvest food bank in san carlos, where the team spent half a day sorting and packaging food that will go directly to those in need. to continue supporting the food for bay area families drive, the balsam hill showroom in burlingame is also a collection station for food donations. through volunteers and partner organizations, the second harvest food bank is able to provide over a million pounds of food per week for bay area residents. to find out more about how you can help your local food bank, visit the second harvest food bank website. balsam hill team volunteering at second harvest food bank the season of givingchristmas is once again around the corner; it's almost time to gather around the christmas tree with your family. please join us this holiday season by donating to a very important cause, and balsam hill will match 100% of your donation, up to $10,000 and 10% on anything exceeding $10,000. by clicking on the donate button of the charity below, you will be taken to an indiegogo page where you will be able to pledge whatever amount you can. for every $10 donated, the donor will be entered into a raffle for a chance to win one of 3 prizes: the grand prize is a full christmas decorating set, including an artificial christmas tree, 3 ornament sets, a tree topper and tree skirt. the #2 prize is a $500 gift card to balsam hill. the #3 prize is a $250 gift card to balsam hill. the winners may request balsam hill to donate the value of their prize to a charity instead of claiming the prize. please make your donations before the campaign's end on the 15th of december.$20,340amount raised through christmas 2014african leadership foundationthe african leadership foundation is a non-profit organization that supports transformative change in africa by developing and connecting the continent's next generation of leaders. we gather the most outstanding 15-19 year olds for study through the rigorous cambridge university a-level curriculum.embrace globalour mission is to advance maternal and child health by delivering innovative solutions to the world's most vulnerable populations. we believe that every woman and child deserves an equal chance for a healthy life.nuru internationalnuru international ends extreme poverty in remote, rural areas by equipping local leaders with the tools and knowledge to build self-sustaining, self-scaling impact programs to lift their communities out of extreme poverty within seven years.nvc foundationour mission is to provide sustainable livelihoods to disadvantaged communities, as well as child development through proper nutrition, holistic education, and a wholesome family life. we harness the power of private citizens to create positive and lasting change.project yesuour mission is to providing food, medicine and education to the children of uganda. as mahatma gandhi once said "be the change you want to see in the world". we have accepted the challenge to be the change, will you?expand christmas in july 2014 christmas is the holiday of giving, and july is the perfect reminder that christmas is only half a year away, and it's time to start giving. this year, balsam hill partnered with 10 bloggers, through july 31st, to help raise awareness and funds for charities. each blogger ran a fundraising event for the charity of her choice on her own blog as well as a dedicated indiegogo page, while balsam hill matched 100% of all donations, up to $1000 per charity. $8,784 raised kawasaki disease foundation kawasaki disease foundation strives to be at the forefront of kawasaki disease issues by uniting the personal insight of families with the expertise of medical professionals. kristenmeet kristen salazar, a diy blogger living in san diego with her 3 boys, 2 dogs and husband. visit her blog. the humane society the humane society of the united states is the nation's largest and most effective animal protection organization. they conduct campaigns, advocate for better animal protection laws and much more. fadrameet fadra nally, a wife, mother, writer, mommy blogger, marketer, explorer, do-gooder and lover of life. visit her blog. hope unlimited for children hope unlimited for children works to transform the lives of children at mortal risk, providing them and their future generations a productive future and eternal hope. heather & vanessameet heather patterson and vanessa hunt, two sisters, two homes, running a blog about frugal décor, diy and recipes. visit their blog. project yesu the mission at project yesu is to provide food, medicine and education to the children of uganda. "be the change you want to see in the world" - mahatma ghandi amymeet amy latta, one artsy mama, who hopes her piece of the internet can be a place for people to create, share, love, and inspire. visit her blog. mothers without borders mothers without borders' goal is to send a message of hope and offer real solutions to the serious problems that are faced by children living in orphanages and on the streets of third world countries. ericameet erica nielson, who attempts to answers the whys of life. she's created a place for the purposeful wife and mom. visit her blog. american foundation for suicide prevention afsp is the nation's leading organization bringing together people across communities and backgrounds to understand and prevent suicide, and to help heal the pain it causes. dianameet diana miller, a mother of 3 who loves to create simple projects for holidays and events in under 30 minutes. visit her blog. families for hope, inc. families for hope, inc. is a nonprofit organization formed to address the needs of families and children diagnosed with holoprosencephaly (hpe) and related brain malformations. sarahmeet sarah halstead, an avid photographer and writer who lives life in the moment with her husband and two boys. visit her blog. hope for paws hope for paws is a non-profit animal rescue organization we rescue animals suffering on the streets and in shelters. our goal is to educate people on the importance of companion animals in our society. michellemeet michelle sutter, a passionate writer who runs a blog about connecting, sharing and community building. visit her blog. national stroke association the national stroke association aims to raise awareness about the causes of strokes, along with educating people on how to avoid them. they also help stoke victims and their families to recover. cherylmeet cheryl bush, a self-taught crafter and designer who hopes to bring out the inner passion of art and design in others. visit her blog. the special olympics the mission of the special olympics is to provide year-round sports training and athletic competition in a variety of olympic-type sports for children and adults with intellectual disabilities. dagmarmeet dagmar obert, an experienced designer whose how-to guides have inspired many to design their own dream home. visit her blog. expand typhoon yolanda (haiyan) relief on november 8, 2013, typhoon yolanda struck the philippines leaving a wake of devastation in its path, displacing over 500,000, and leaving thousands dead. our hearts go out to all the victims of this catastrophic storm. for balsam hill, typhoon yolanda struck particularly close to home not just because of its magnitude, but because many of our team members live in the philippines and were impacted by the storm either directly or indirectly. in the aftermath of the storm, balsam hill dispatched a team from the united states to join our team in the philippines and coordinate relief efforts. with all the media attention on cities like tacloban, it was the smaller villages like hernani that were most in need of aid. these villages were just as devastated, but were not as visible to the international community. within days, the balsam hill team put together 1900 lbs. of emergency supplies. working with local community members in cebu and guiuan, team members escorted the aid packages all the way from manila to hernani, and were able to provide some relief to this community by ensuring these supplies reached families that were most in need. almost a year on from typhoon yolanda, balsam hill continues to partner with local entities to help the local communities rebuild what they have lost. balsam hill hopes that you will join us in support of the relief and rebuilding effort in the philippines. if you are looking for a charity to which you may donate funds, we recommend nvc foundation.we use cookies and tracking technologies to make our website easy and meaningful for you, to provide our services, analyze usage, and to deliver personalized advertising. to do this, we share information about your use of our site with our third-party service providers. see our privacy policy for more information.customer support customer support faqcontact uscheck order status shipping & orders returns & exchangewarranty email preferences request a catalogcatalog unsubscribedo not sell my personal info business sales submit a review accessibility statement promotion detailsavoiding fraudresources & ideasresources & ideasresource center tree buyer's guide branch sample kit tree setup & storage tree decorating ideas designs seen on tv blogvideoscompany informationcompany informationabout usthe balsam hill difference store locationsbalsam hill studio in the media charitable giving careersterms & privacystay connectedfor expert advicecall 1.888.55.balsam, text 1.650.855.8663, or contact usshop with confidence* shipping outside the contiguous us will incur additional shipping fees.copyright © 2024 balsam hill® all rights reserved.