来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231150701/https://casper.com/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | casper slice 1zzz slice 1 + +++ ++ ++ ++ home shop the mattress the sheets the pillow about our approach designing the mattress designing the sheets designing the pillow reviews 888–498–0003 log in added to cart cart your cart is empty shipping: free subtotal: sales tax: promotion: total: checkout apply gift code apply shop now frequently asked questions contact us · +1 888–498–0003 what makes the casper mattress unique? the casper mattress is made from a special blend of three types of foam: latex foam (which provides support, cooling, and bounce) memory foam (which provides support and comfort) support foam (which props up your body so you don't sink into the bed completely) the mattress is enveloped by a custom designed and hand-sewn cover that complements nearly any bedroom. how does the home trial work? it’s easy: you have 100 nights to decide to keep any casper product. if you decide the mattress isn’t right for you, reach out to us (support@casper.com) to arrange a pickup. we’ll send a courier over to remove the mattress from your home and donate it to a local charity or recycling center, depending on local restrictions. you’ll be refunded 100% — every penny. for the casper sheets or pillow, the process is a little different. if you aren't loving them, you can print out a return label from our website and drop it off at any ups location. once we receive it at our facility, we’ll refund you in full. visit our return center here how does the mattress feel? the casper mattress is meticulously engineered to meet the goldilocks standard of “just right”. that means it's not too firm or too hard. it provides the cradled support of memory foam, while offering a bouncy surface for sitting or other bedroom activities. customers of all preferences rave about their casper sleep experience, just check our reviews! do i need a box-spring or platform? we've tested the casper mattress on the floor, a slatted bedframe, or on top of a box spring. it is designed to work on any firm, flat surface. the general rule of thumb is the harder, flatter and more surface area the better. why is the casper mattress so much less than the mattresses in retail stores? unlike traditional mattress companies, we don't waste money on ginormous showrooms, commissioned salespeople, overstocked inventories, or excessive shipping costs. instead, we sell our mattress directly online and pass the savings onto you. our vertically-integrated approach means your casper is manufactured right here in the us and shipped to you fresh from the factory. we're proud to offer a top-tier mattress and excellent customer service to save you time and money! the casper mattress is made from a special blend of three types of foam: latex foam (which provides support, cooling, and bounce) memory foam (which provides support and comfort) support foam (which props up your body so you don't sink into the bed completely) the mattress is enveloped by a custom designed and hand-sewn cover that complements nearly any bedroom. it’s easy: you have 100 nights to decide to keep any casper product. if you decide the mattress isn’t right for you, reach out to us (support@casper.com) to arrange a pickup. we’ll send a courier over to remove the mattress from your home and donate it to a local charity or recycling center whenever possible. you’ll be refunded 100% — every penny. for the casper sheets or pillow, the process is a little different. if you aren't loving them, you can print out a return label from our website and drop it off at any ups location. once we receive it at our facility, we’ll refund you in full. visit our return center here the casper mattress is meticulously engineered to meet the goldilocks standard of “just right”. that means it's not too firm or too hard. it provides the cradled support of memory foam, while offering a bouncy surface for sitting or other bedroom activities. customers of all preferences rave about their casper sleep experience, just check our reviews! we've tested the casper mattress on the floor, a slatted bedframe, or on top of a box spring. it is designed to work on any firm, flat surface. the general rule of thumb is the harder, flatter and more surface area the better. unlike traditional mattress companies, we don't waste money on ginormous showrooms, commissioned salespeople, overstocked inventories, or excessive shipping costs. instead, we sell our mattress directly online and pass the savings onto you. our vertically-integrated approach means your casper is manufactured right here in the us and shipped to you fresh from the factory. we're proud to offer a top-tier mattress and excellent customer service to save you time and money! search results about casper products buying casper products i've got casper products search results about casper products the mattress - materials & construction does the foam smell? as with any new product, there’s a mild scent upon unboxing. however, the casper mattress doesn’t use the solvent-based adhesives associated with strong odors. our water-based adhesive is more expensive, but eliminates unnecessary chemicals in your bed. any scent should dissipate in a few hours in a well-ventilated room. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what kind of material is it made from? we tested hundreds of materials and thousands of combinations before we decided on our proprietary, patent-pending construction. the casper mattress hybridizes three layers of foam. the bottom: 6.5 inches of 1.8 pcf poly foam, 1.5 inches of 4.0 pcf memory foam, and 1.5 inches of 3.3 pcf synthetic dunlop latex foam. while foam density and thickness give you a picture of what's below the cover, they are not really indicators of comfort. beyond the density and ratios, each foam's responsiveness - its give and flex - is proprietary to the casper mattress. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper does it transfer movement? the casper mattress provides more movement isolation than a traditional spring mattress, but we don’t suggest jumping on the bed with a glass of red wine balancing beside you! in designing the sleep-surface, we wanted to strike a perfect balance between motion isolation and a comfortable bounce. if your partner is more than 6" away, you will neither feel nor hear their movement. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper tell me more about the casper mattress. casper makes one perfect mattress for everyone. it combines high-density memory and premium latex foams to create a sleep surface that contours to your body and keeps you cool and balanced through the night. you can try the casper mattress in your home for 100 nights. if you decide it’s not for you, we’ll send a courier over to remove the mattress from your home and donate it to a local charity. you’ll be refunded 100%. our mattress was designed, manufactured, and produced in the usa. all of our materials were sourced and hand-stitched in america, except one fabric from belgium. regardless of size, the casper mattress is compressed into a compact box that fits in the trunk of a taxi. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper i have a latex allergy; will i be ok? you shouldn't have any irritation issues from sleeping on any casper product, even if you’re allergic to latex. latex allergies are generally caused by a reaction to specific proteins found in natural latex. the casper mattress uses a synthetic latex foam, which does not contain these proteins. additionally, there are two cover layers between you and the mattresses’s latex layer: the cover and a fire-protection sock‚ which prevent you from coming in contact with the latex. that said, our plant does make some non-synthetic or blended latexes; if you have a severe reaction, there is a minor risk of cross contamination. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how does the casper compare to my memory foam bed? while memory foam can provide great support and contouring, we found that memory foam on its own retained too much heat. some people also disliked sinking into the mattress. to solve these issues, we merged memory foam with latex foam. the latex foam is cool, breathable, and ensures you are supported without feeling trapped. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper will the casper form a valley like my other mattress did? our mattress won’t sink, or form a valley. we also offer a 10-year warranty so you can be just as confident as we are that you’re getting a great bed that will hold up over time. you can read more about the warranty here. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how does one mattress really fit all? the casper mattress was designed to suit all sleep positions and to provide the ideal balance of support, comfort, and bounce. while the vast majority of people love our bed, those who prefer to sleep on a pile of bricks or in a bathtub of pudding may want to opt for an extremely hard or soft bed. we urge customers to give the mattress a shot with our 100-night, risk-free trial. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper does the casper resist dust mites? we haven't completed scientific testing regarding dust mites, so we can’t provide a definitive answer. but from the research we have done, we know that dust mites need a habitat and food source. every mattress provides a habitat. fibers such as cotton and wool provide a food source. our foams and cover do not include materials that would be a food source, so we would guess that dust mite levels would be lower than average. there is also a lot of research online that claims latex (our top layer) to be dust mite resistant, but we haven't verified these independently, so we cannot make these claims. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper does it sleep hot? heat retention is one of the main aspects that we focused on with the construction of the casper mattress. latex foam, which we utilize as the top layer of the bed, is much more breathable than memory foam, thus allowing you to sleep cooler than a traditional memory foam mattress. as compared to spring beds, foam does typically sleep hotter, but we tried to make our mattress as breathable as can be. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper are there chemical fire retardants in the casper? the casper mattress does not contain any flame retardant chemicals. instead, the bed is wrapped with a proprietary flame retardant sock made of woven silica. in the event of a fire, the sock melts on itself and suffocates the oxygen needed for the fire to burn. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how much does the mattress weigh? the twin casper mattress weighs 44 pounds on its own and 53 pounds packed in the box. the twin xl casper mattress weighs 46 pounds on its own and 55 pounds packed in the box. the full casper mattress weighs 60 pounds on its own and 69 pounds packed in the box. the queen casper mattress weighs 71 pounds on its own and 80 pounds packed in the box. the king casper mattress weighs 91 pounds on its own and 100 pounds packed in the box. the california king casper mattress weighs 90 pounds on its own and 99 pounds packed in the box. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper i have specific medical problems. how will the casper work for me? every medical condition is unique in nature, so therefore it’s very difficult to say if the bed will “work” for you. we’ve had many, many casper mattress owners who reported a relief in back pain, but we’ve also had a handful of owners report no resolution of their aches and pains. feel free to call us to discuss your condition - while you won't have a doctor on the other end of the line, we may know of other customers with similar experiences. the only way for you to truly know is to give casper mattress a try — take advantage of our 100 day trial period. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper the mattress - testing & certifications what safety tests have you done on the casper mattress? the federal government requires all mattresses sold in the us to meet very stringent burn tests, as governed by 16 cfr 1633 and 1632. on the casper mattress, we used the safest fire retardant barrier we could find: a fire retardant knit sock covers the foam before the outer cover is placed on the mattress. the knit sock is made from a proprietary yarn with a silica core and a polyester/acrylic/nylon/rayon outer wrap. when the yarn burns, a char barrier is formed which prevents oxygen from feeding the flames. this reaction prevents the fire from spreading to the foam. the knit sock is made without any toxic chemicals and each component is oeko-tex® certified. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper 10 year warranty! you can find our full warranty here. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what certifications does the mattress have? all the foams in the casper mattress have environmental certifications that ensure they are safe and non-toxic. our polyurethane foams (memory foam and poly support foam) are certi-pur certified. certipur-us® approved foams are: * made without ozone depleters * made without pbde flame retardants * made without mercury, lead and other heavy metals * made without formaldehyde * made without phthalates regulated by the consumer product safety commission * low voc (volatile organic compound) emissions for indoor air quality (less than 0.5 parts per million). our top latex layer is oeko-tex® standard 100, class 1 certified. the highest standard that guarantees the foam is safe enough for use by babies and children. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper the mattress - supply chain where are your sheets made? while we would have loved to keep production in the u.s., our number one goal was creating the highest quality sheets available. casper’s 100% supima® cotton (grown on a farm in california) is sent to a weaving and finishing facility in india that contains the most advanced technology, the most sophisticated systems, and expertise in production of this caliber. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what's your supply chain philosophy for the mattress? by engineering every component of the bed, we've built an amazing sleep surface. we used the same exacting standards to pick the partners who craft each part of the casper. our foam and latex suppliers are two of the most eco-friendly plants in the world. our foam supplier developed a novel method of preventing emissions that makes it the only plant in the usa that isn't required to have an epa emissions certificate. our latex facility uses continuous production to produce latex, yielding an environmentally friendlier and more consistent product than other forms, like talalay. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper where is the casper mattress made? almost all of the casper mattress is handmade in the united states with components coming from illinois, south carolina, north carolina, georgia, and new york city. the blue border fabric is produced in belgium. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper where are casper mattresses shipped from? casper mattresses are shipped from facilities across the usa. for courier deliveries in new york city, beds are shipped from our local warehouses. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper the mattress - size what is the difference between a king and ca king? a california king (72”w x 84”l) is four inches narrower (left to right) and four inches longer (head to toe) than a king (76”w x 80”l). see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how big is the box? all casper mattress sizes ship in our standard box of 20w x 21l x 41h inches. depending on bed size, the total weight of the box ranges from 45 lbs to 85 lbs. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper once i take the mattress out of the box, how long does it take to return to normal size? once you take the bed out of the box, your mattress will be ready to sleep on within minutes. (we suggest capturing the magic in an unboxing video.) see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what are the dimensions of the mattress? every casper mattress is 10” high. the length and width of the mattresses are standard us dimensions, as listed here: twin: 39” w x 75” l twin xl: 39” w x 80” l full: 54” w x 75” l queen: 60” w x 80” l king: 76” w x 80” l cal king: 72” w x 84” l see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how thick is the casper mattress? what is its height? the casper mattress is 10 inches thick. this is in line with average mattress height sold in america. this means the casper mattress is suited to all standard size sheets and will not be abnormally baggy with 'deep pocket' fitted sheets — but we always recommend using casper sheets! see how quick and easy it is to return your casper the pillow - materials & construction what certifications does the casper pillow have? our number one goal through our design and research process was to make the absolute best product possible. since the product is so new, the casper pillow is still in the application process for meaningful certifications. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what does “gusset” mean? why does the casper pillow have a gusset? a gusset is an extra piece of material that helps expand or give structure to a pillow. it creates a side panel, in addition to a top and bottom. to get the most out of our innovative double layer construction, casper chose to include a gusset in the pillow design. since the filling has more space to move around, the pillow feels consistently comfortable no matter how you’re sleeping on it. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what’s in the casper pillow? the inner core of our pillow is filled with low-friction, silky fibers for contouring, springy support. the outer layer is filled with slightly thicker (but still extremely thin) fibers, which provide protection to the inner layer and added cushion for you. together, they create a plush, adaptive, and resilient pillow that stays comfortable throughout the night. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what’s the best pillow for my sleep position? like thread count, the concept of sleep positions is a marketing narrative developed by the bedding industry to sell more products. people have come to identify themselves with one sleeping position, while our research shows nearly everyone shifts around during the night. casper set out to design a single pillow that could accommodate all people and sleep positions see how quick and easy it is to return your casper where do you make casper pillows? we design and assemble our pillow in the united states with materials imported from china and south korea. while we wanted to keep the entire production in the us, there wasn’t a manufacturer in the us that made a high enough quality fiber to meet our standards. we also couldn’t find a facility that had the capability to sew every element in the detailed way that we wanted. if you know of such a place, let us know! see how quick and easy it is to return your casper the pillow - supply chain what size pillows do you offer? we offer two different pillow sizes. our standard pillow is 18” x 26” with a 2” gusset, and our king pillow is 18” x 34” outer pillow, also with a 2” gusset. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper the pillow - size what does “loft” mean? how lofty is the casper pillow? the term “loft” speaks to the thickness of the pillow. great pillow construction comes down to the perfect balance of loft (thickness) and firmness (compression when you lay down). pillows can be lofty, but not firm, and vice versa. our goal was to find a pillow that would be the perfect balance for all kinds of sleepers see how quick and easy it is to return your casper tell me more about what "loft" and "gusset" mean. the term “loft” speaks to the thickness of the pillow. great pillow construction comes down to the perfect balance of loft (thickness) and firmness (compression when you lay down). pillows can be lofty, but not firm, and vice versa. our goal was to find a pillow that would be the perfect balance for all kinds of sleepers. a gusset is an extra piece of material that helps expand or give structure to a pillow. it creates a side panel, in addition to a top and bottom. to get the most out of our innovative double layer construction, casper chose to include a gusset in the pillow design. since the filling has more space to move around, the pillow feels consistently comfortable no matter how you’re sleeping on it. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what size is the box the pillow is shipped in? depending on your order, your casper pillow will come in different size boxes. for standard pillows, our box for a single pillow is 19"" x 16"" x 6"" and our box for a set is 19"" x 16"" x 12"". for king pillows, our box for a single pillow is 24"" x 16"" x 6"" and our box for a set is 19"" x 16"" x 12"". see how quick and easy it is to return your casper the sheets - materials & construction what is the difference between sateen and percale? sateen is made with a satin weave structure (threads are woven together in a three-to-one or four-to-one ratio). the result is a shiny surface, slightly warmer fabric, and susceptibility to snagging and shrinking. so while sateen feels really nice right out of the box, it feels completely different after a few wash cycles. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what is percale? percale is a weave (warp and weft threads cross over and under evenly, in a one-over-one ratio). this ratio makes the fabric incredibly breathable, with a crisp feel and matte finish that only gets better with time. a percale weave means you’ll have cool, crisp comfort for nights on end — all reasons it was the perfect choice for casper. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what is the thread count of casper sheets? instead of fixating on a high number, we focused on finding the ideal thread count that balances strength and softness without compromising breathability. our sheets are made from 100% supima® cotton fibers, one of the best materials available. instead of fixating on a high number, we focused on finding the ideal thread count that balances strength and softness without compromising breathability. we found that a thread count of 200 is the perfect complement to our high-quality cotton. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what is supima® or pima cotton? supima® is a trademarked name for fibers and materials woven from 100% american pima cotton. the word "supima" often appears on the labels and is a trademark of the supima® association, which promotes pima cotton. this kind of cotton is only grown in texas or california. less than 1% of the entire american pima crop is qualified to be supima®, and casper’s comes from a farm in the central valley of california. supima® cotton staples are 35% longer than regular cottons, which makes them softer and more lustrous wash after wash. the cotton is 45% stronger than regular cottons, so casper sheets will stay super soft and breathable wash after wash. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper are casper sheets organic? cotton can be grown organically, but by the time it gets into your hands, the final product is likely not organic. companies manipulate the “term” organic, using the certification despite including harsh chemicals and finishes in their products. in an effort to create the best quality product and keep the sheets at an affordable price, we chose 100% supima® cotton. while not organic, supima® is one of the strongest and softest materials in the world. and we’re not the only ones who think supima® is great — the american image awards honored supima® as the premium fiber brand of the year in 2015. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what finishes are used on your sheets? we didn’t rely on chemicals to achieve softness or hide anything, but in order to achieve the one perfect set, our sheets needed a basic finish. you wouldn’t ever want to snooze on sheets that were completely untreated (to be completely honest). they wouldn’t be very sanitary or comfortable to sleep in. on the other hand, you don’t want to sleep in sheets that have been blasted with chemicals, since it usually means the producer is trying to compensate for a sub-par quality product. casper used the most basic finishes for hygienic reasons and to make fantastic sheets absolutely perfect. you should know that casper is not alone in this — the sheets you are sleeping on now likely have the same standard treatment. rest assured, casper didn't use any harsh resins, so those with sensitive-skin or allergies will still enjoy casper sheets. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what certifications do you have for your sheets? casper sheets are made with 100% supima® certified cotton, grown on a farm in california. supima® certified cotton is the longest traceable cotton fiber in the world, the softness, high-quality, and strength is second to none. the casper sheets are still in the application process for additional certifications. our facility in india is iso-compliant. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper why don't you offer additional colors for sheets? our product engineers focus on design and functionality. launching with classic and timeless color options allowed casper to devote all resources to research and design. it’s definitely something we’ll explore in the future, but for the time being, we hope you’ll love our signature colors as much as we do. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what’s thread count and why is it important? thread count means the number of threads per square inch. in a marketing move, the bedding industry created a story that the higher the count, the better the sheet. and companies do some creative things to boost their numbers, either by double-counting threads or creating a weave so tight that it’s rendered unbreathable (not cool and definitely doesn’t sleep cool). having high thread count almost always increases the price of sheets, but never the quality. these thinner threaded sheets pill, and don’t stand the test of time. after a few washes, you’ll have to put them to bed. we spent months researching and designing a perfectly balanced fabric that will stay soft and comfortable wash after wash, which lead to our 200 thread count sheets. want to learn more about the infamous thread-count myth? check out what consumer reports has to say. here. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper the sheets - supply chain what are the dimensions of the casper sheets? flatsheet: the twin flatsheet is 66"" x 96”. the twin xl flatsheet is 66"" x 102”. the full flatsheet is 81"" x 96. the queen flatsheet is 94"" x 108”. the king flatsheet is 112"" x 108”. the cal-king flatsheet is 112"" x 108"", the , and the duvet cover is 106"" x 92"". fitted sheet: the twin fitted sheet is 39"" x 14"" x 75”. the twin xl fitted sheet is 39"" x 14"" x 80”. the full fitted sheet is 54"" x 14"" x 75”. the queen fitted sheet is 60"" x 14"" x 80”. the king fitted sheet is 78"" x 14"" x 80”. the cal-king fitted sheet is 72"" x 14"" x 84”. duvet cover: the twin/twin xl duvet cover is 68"" x 86"". the full/queen duvet cover is 88"" x 92"". the king/cal-king duvet cover is 106"" x 92"". pillowcase: the standard pillowcase is 21"" x 30"". the king pillowcase is 21"" x 40"". see how quick and easy it is to return your casper the sheets - size will casper sheets only fit on a casper mattress? you definitely don’t need a casper mattress to use casper’s one perfect sheet set! any mattress up to 12” deep will work. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do you make custom size bedding? unfortunately, as a young company, we’re not yet at a point where we are able to offer custom bedding. sorry about that! see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how big are the boxes they ship in? depending on your order, your casper bed linens will come in different size boxes. for small orders, we have a box that is 19.25" x 8.50" x 2.75". our medium box measures 19.25" x 8.50" x 4.00" and the largest box measures out at 19.25" x 8.50" x 5.75". see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what’s the difference between a sham and a pillowcase? why doesn’t casper offer a sham? "a pillowcase is a functional pillow covering; the sleeping pillow tucks into the opening, and you’re ready for bed.. a sham is a decorative pillow covering; there’s a tuck flap in the back and it makes your bed look nice. our number one priority was making functional, well-designed products that improve sleep. we wanted to simplify the bedroom and only focus on creating the most necessary bed linens." see how quick and easy it is to return your casper buying casper products company how much weight can the mattress hold? the casper mattress was designed to hold a combined 450 pounds. for optimal performance, we recommend that individuals be 250 pounds and below. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do you have a showroom? where can i try these products? "yes! we now have two locations where you can experience all that casper has to offer. stop by our original new york loft located on the 2nd floor of 45 bond street or visit us at our los angeles location at 8368 hollywood blvd. for more information about our ny and la showrooms, check out casper.com/nyc and casper.com/la. if there isn’t a showroom near you, not to worry! you can use our risk-free 100-night trial to experience the products in your own home." see how quick and easy it is to return your casper don't i need to try these products before trying them? no. we're confident that 99% of people will absolutely love our products. today's bedding industry thrives on providing too many choices in order to upsell and confuse you. but if you can't shake the urge to try the mattress, sheets, or pillows, you can always stop by one of our two locations in nyc or la. we provide complimentary naps, drinks, and cookies! see how quick and easy it is to return your casper why just one model for each product? rather than confuse you with tens (or hundreds) of choices, we put all our energy into building one perfect product. the materials we've chosen for our mattress, sheets, and pillow allow them to provide a great night's sleep to people of all shapes, sizes, and preferences. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper our beliefs don't i need to try a bed before buying it? no. we're confident that 99% of people will sleep incredibly well on the casper. today's mattress industry thrives on providing too many choices in order to upsell and confuse you. but if you can't shake the urge to try it, you can always stop by one of our two locations in nyc or la for some drinks and test napping. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper why just one model of mattress? unlike most mattress brands, we've only got one model of the casper. rather than confuse you with tens (or hundreds) of models that all start to feel the same after a while, we put all our energy into building one perfect mattress. most people say the casper is slightly firmer than a standard medium firm mattress — but the materials we've chosen allow it to provide a great night's sleep to people of all shapes, sizes, and preferences. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper compatibility can i use the casper mattress on a sofa bed? unfortunately, the casper cannot be used in a sofa bed because the mattress should not be folded in half after unboxing. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper my friend told me about casper and sent me a link. can i use this to buy sheets and pillows? our referral program only applies to the mattress for now, sorry about that! thanks again for choosing casper and keep spreading the word. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do any of the products have a break-in period? in terms of a break in period, it may take some time for your body to adjust to the mattress, sometimes even up to 30 days! we also recommend trying sleeping on the pillow for at least a week. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do you need to flip the bed? "nope! the mattress is not designed to be flipped, as the latex and memory foam are on one side (side with white cover) of the mattress. as with all mattresses, if you sleep alone on one side of the bed or have a meaningful weight differential with your mattress partner, then we do recommend rotating the bed 180 degrees every 3-6 months." see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what setup do you recommend for the casper mattress? we designed the casper mattress to be versatile, so it can work with all standard foundations. as with all foam beds, you want as much direct support under the mattress as possible. a slatted base (gaps between the slats should be less than 3" apart) or platform bed offers the most support. if you want the additional height, we recommend looking into foam mattress foundations. you can even put it on the floor. most likely, you can use your existing bed setup. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do you offer discounts? the casper products are priced as low as we can go! you won't see the holiday sales or close-out promos that you see in regular stores. that being said, we do offer a great referral program: casper.com/friends. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do i need to pay tax? we charge sales tax in new york, california and washington, and applicable local taxes in canada. the rates vary by zipcode/province, but generally range from 8 to 13%. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper compatibility can i use a heating pad? you can absolutely use a heating pad on your casper! see how quick and easy it is to return your casper can i use a box spring? yes. if you want to reuse your current box spring or foundation, just make sure the gaps between the slats are no more than 3" apart. if they are indeed wider, you can use plywood or a bunkie board. if your box spring was specifically designed to work in conjunction with a traditional spring mattress, it probably has springs in the structure. if that is the case, we suggest investing in a new base see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how much weight can it hold? the casper was designed to hold a combined 450 pounds. for optimal performance, we recommend that individuals be 250 pounds and below. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper can i use the mattress on a sofa bed? unfortunately, the casper cannot be used in a sofa bed because the mattress should not be folded in half after unboxing. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper does it have a break-in period? in terms of a break in period, we have designed the mattress to keep its form and firmness over time. however, it may take some time for your body to adjust to the bed, sometimes even up to 30 days! see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do you need to flip the bed? nope! the mattress is not designed to be flipped, as the latex and memory foam are on one side (side with white cover) of the mattress. as with all mattresses, if you sleep alone on one side of the bed or have a meaningful weight differential with your mattress partner, then we do recommend rotating the bed 180 degrees every 3-6 months. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper can i use an adjustable base or murphy bed? yes — the casper is industry standard size and works on any, hard, flat surface, including an adjustable base or murphy bed with 10” of clearance. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper my mattress feels uneven. what do i do? this is almost always due to the surface the casper is lying on. the first step we recommend is testing the evenness of the casper directly on the floor. if you find that this corrects the unevenness, you should assess if your foundation, slats or box-spring are damaged or out of line. needless to say, if your casper still feels uneven on the floor it is time to call us. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do i pay for shipping? no. shipping and returns are always free. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper i can’t remember the last time i replaced my pillow. how do i know if i need a new one? if your head doesn’t feel supported, you need a new pillow. no matter what position you lie in, the pillow should be under your head (not your shoulders) and should be a thickness that allows your head to be in a normal position. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper can i use a box spring with the casper mattress? "yes. if you want to reuse your current box spring or foundation, just make sure the gaps between the slats are no more than 3"" apart. if they are indeed wider, you can use plywood or a bunkie board. if your box spring was specifically designed to work in conjunction with a traditional spring mattress, it probably has springs in the structure. if that is the case, we suggest investing in a new base" see how quick and easy it is to return your casper can i use an adjustable base or murphy bed with the mattress? yes — the casper mattress is industry standard size and works on any, hard, flat surface, including an adjustable base or murphy bed with 10” of clearance. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper my mattress feels uneven. what do i do? "this is almost always due to the surface the casper mattress is lying on. the first step we recommend is testing the evenness of the casper mattress directly on the floor. if you find that this corrects the unevenness, you should assess if your foundation, slats or box-spring are damaged or out of line. needless to say, if your bed still feels uneven on the floor it is time to call us." see how quick and easy it is to return your casper why do i have to pay a fee when i buy a casper mattress in connecticut and what does it pay for? a new connecticut state law, public act 13-42, now requires retailers to collect a small fee on every mattress sold. the fee amount, which is set by connecticut (not individual retailers like casper), supports the state's recycling programs. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper can i use a heating pad? you can absolutely use a heating pad with any of your casper products! see how quick and easy it is to return your casper can i use financing? all casper products are eligible for financing. we offer 0% apr financing for 6 months through our partners at affirm*, regardless of what you order (*offer only valid in the united states). see how quick and easy it is to return your casper the casper apartment do you have a showroom? yes! we now have two locations where you can experience the casper. stop by our original new york loft located on the 2nd floor of 45 bond street or visit us at our los angeles location at 8368 hollywood blvd. for more information about our ny and la showrooms, check out casper.com/nyc and casper.com/la. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper purchasing do you offer a discount? the casper is priced as low as we can go! you won't see the holiday sales or close-out promos that you see in regular mattress stores. that being said, we do offer a great referral program: casper.com/friends. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do i pay for shipping? no. shipping and returns are always free. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do i need to pay tax? we do charge sales tax in new york, california and washington, and applicable local taxes in canada. the rates vary by zipcode/province, but generally range from 8 to 13%. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper ct mattress recycling fee why do i have to pay a fee when i buy a casper in connecticut and what does it pay for? a new connecticut state law, public act 13-42, now requires retailers to collect a small fee on every mattress sold. the fee amount, which is set by connecticut (not individual retailers like casper), supports the state's recycling programs. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper shipping & delivery if i live outside of new york, can you deliver on saturday or sunday? unfortunately, we cannot deliver on weekends. we are currently working on additional shipping methods. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do you ship outside of the usa and canada? not yet, but stay tuned! we’ve received a tremendous amount of requests, and we’re looking forward to shipping overseas soon. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do i need to be at home to receive my casper? if you would prefer ups to leave the casper outside your door, just un-check the 'signature requirement' box before check-out. if you would like to keep the signature requirement, ups will make three consecutive attempts to deliver your mattress. we’ll notify you upon the first missed attempt. we can reschedule a delivery on your behalf and even reroute it if necessary — we’re here to help. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper when can i expect to receive my mattress? once your bed ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number. in parts of new york city, we offer courier delivery within specific 1-hour windows. after shipment, beds take 2-5 business days in transit via ups ground to arrive at your door. in canada, beds take 2 business days in transit via ups air. please allow extra time for customs clearance. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper can i specify a delivery date? if so, when should i place my order? to choose a specific delivery date (weekdays only if outside of nyc), leave us a note in the “anything else” section during the check-out process. we’ll flag your order and make the necessary adjustments in the backend system to ensure a delivery on the specified date. once your bed ships, you’ll receive a ship confirmation email and tracking number. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do i need to be at home for the ups delivery? "if you would prefer ups to leave the casper products outside your door, just un-check the 'signature requirement' box before check-out. if you would like to keep the signature requirement, ups will make three consecutive attempts to deliver whatever you've ordered. we’ll notify you upon the first missed attempt. we can reschedule a delivery on your behalf and even reroute it if necessary — we’re here to help." see how quick and easy it is to return your casper when can i expect to receive my casper products? once your bed ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number. in parts of new york city, we offer courier delivery within specific 1-hour windows. after shipment, beds take 2-5 business days in transit via ups ground to arrive at your door. in canada, beds take 2 business days in transit via ups air. please allow one extra day for customs. our new products are currently backordered, but once they ship, they will take 2-5 business days to arrive at your door. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do you ship outside of the usa and canada? not yet, but stay tuned! we’ve received a tremendous amount of requests, and we’re looking forward to shipping overseas soon. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper can i specify a delivery date? if so, when should i place my order? "to choose a specific delivery date (weekdays only if outside of nyc), leave us a note in the “anything else” section during the check-out process. we’ll flag your order and make the necessary adjustments in the backend system to ensure a delivery on the specified date. once your snooze supplies ship, you’ll receive a ship confirmation email and ups tracking number." see how quick and easy it is to return your casper if i live outside of new york, can you deliver on saturday or sunday? unfortunately, we cannot deliver on weekends. we are currently working on additional shipping methods. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper i've got casper products how tos - the mattress how can i make my bed higher? in order to add additional height, you can look into solid foundation options. instead of consisting of springs, foundations tend to be made with a series of v-shaped steel modules that form a grid, and have very little give. they help distribute weight evenly, help the mattress feel the way it should feel, and last as long as it should. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how tos - the pillow can you replace the fill in the pillows if they wear out? unfortunately, we cannot replace the fill in the pillow if it wears out. we recommend replacing your pillow every year to ensure you always have a supportive, evenly filled pillow. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do you need to fluff the pillow? we recommend fluffing your pillow as needed, whenever it looks or feels like it's losing thickness. the pillow will be more comfortable if it’s fluffed, and we designed the pillow to have excellent fluffing characteristics. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how should i use my casper pillow? no matter how you fall asleep, the pillow should always be under your head — not your shoulders (or knees, or toes). our pillow is designed to stay supportive throughout the night, no matter how much you move around. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how do i clean my casper pillow? we recommend washing your pillows as the seasons change, or every 3-6 months. before you wash your pillow, separate the inner and outer pillows and zip up the outer. machine wash gently in warm water using a mild liquid detergent. for best results, wash two pillows at a time to balance the load. run the rinse cycle twice to remove all detergent residue, and tumble dry low with dryer balls (pro tip: try clean tennis balls!). before removing and reassembling, make sure the pillows are completely dry. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how tos - the sheets should i wash my bed linen when it arrives? we want you to be able to hit the bed snoozing as soon as your sheets arrive, so there’s no need to wash ahead of time. we don’t want them to just look good in the packaging, they will be crisp and soft from the very first sleep — however, we purposely made our sheets on the bigger side in order to account for a 2% shrink factor that is industry standard. giving them a quick wash will ensure the best fit on your bed. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how do i fold sheets? sheets have been around for hundreds of years, fundamental design flaws still haven't been fixed — putting a duvet in its cover is like climbing a mountain and folding a fitted sheet is a pain. with crisp seams and blue labels indicating the shorter ends, our fitted sheet is both easy to fold and fit on the bed. still confused? here’s a step by step process: lay the sheet flat on a large surface with the elastic facing up and fold in half. fold sheet in half. fold the sheet into thirds, forming a long rectangle. fold the sheet into thirds to form a square. spend all that extra time netflixing and snoozing. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper can i iron my sheets? should i? you can absolutely iron your casper sheets if you’d like! but the strong percale weave should keep them crisp wash after wash if you don’t want to take the iron out. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how should i wash my sheets? to get the most out of your sheets, machine wash before sleeping on them. this accounts for a 2% shrink factor that is industry standard and ensures the best fit. wash in cold water on a gentle cycle. tumble dry low and remove from the dryer as soon as possible to keep from wrinkling. to keep your sheets their whitest, use a non-chlorine, oxygen bleach with each wash. it’s best to wash your sheets every 1 to 2 weeks. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper unboxing how long can i keep the products in the box? you can keep the mattress in the box for up to three months before unfurling the mattress. the pillow and sheets can stay in the box as long as you need. the 100 night trial starts from the night you receive your casper products. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper friends for your casper what setup do you recommend? we designed the casper to be versatile, so it can work with all standard foundations. as with all foam beds, you want as much direct support under the mattress as possible. a slatted base (gaps between the slats should be less than 3" apart) or platform bed offers the most support. if you want the additional height, we recommend looking into foam mattress foundations. you can even put it on the floor. most likely, you can use your existing bed setup. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper reviews can i review my mattress, sheets or pillows? of course! you can write your review here. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper returns how do i pack my mattress to return it? you don’t need to pack anything! we’ll send a courier over to remove the mattress from your home and donate it to a local charity. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what is the return policy? we feel 100 nights is enough time for you to figure out whether or not our products are a great fit. sleep on the sheets, lounge on the pillow, dream on both — if you don’t love them, print a shipping label and return the products free. once we've received the items, we will process a refund that can take about 2 weeks to process back into your account. for the mattress, you have the same 100 nights, however the return policy is different. our customer experience team will work with you to arrange a pickup via a local church, charity, or recycler, and we will refund you in full 1-3 business days after pickup. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper how do you ship your products? ups will deliver your sheets, pillows, and mattress to your door. if you aren’t loving the sheets or pillow, you can print out a ups label on our website and return them at your local ups location. for mattress returns, you will have to reach out to our customer support (support@casper.com) to schedule a pickup. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do you allow for exchanges? we want you to be happy with your casper snooze supplies! yes, exchanges are available for all casper products during the 100 night trial. if you are exchanging the mattress, send us an email (support@casper.com) and let us know you'd like to make an exchange. we’ll process the price differential to your credit card, and ship you a new casper bed. please note that exchanging your mattress will void the 100 nights trial for your second casper. should the sheets or pillow still be still intact in their original packaging, we’ll happily give you a new set and reset your trial. if you’ve already gotten into a bed made with casper sheets and pillow, we can process an exchange. however, you should know (like the mattress) your next order will be “forever” and you will not be eligible for a return. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper what happened to my returned products? we’ll never resell a used products. if you want to return your casper mattress, we will send a courier over to remove the mattress from your home and donate it to a local charity. right now, each charity will vary regionally. in certain localities, restrictions require us to recycle/dispose of the bed. if you want to return your casper sheets or pillows, they will arrive at our facilities, go through the wash and be donated to a local religious organization, charity, or upcycled for use in our showrooms. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper can i get the casper mattress back in the box? once you unfurl your casper mattress, you can’t get it back into the box. it will expand to its full size almost instantaneously — once that happens, the box becomes a great fort. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper who will remove my mattress if i decide to return it? we handle each return on an individual basis. your courier will be arranged to arrive at a time that works best for you to make the return as easy and painless as possible. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper do i need to keep any of the boxes? you do not need to keep the mattress box. we use large industrial machines to compress and pack the mattress, so it won’t go back into its original package. if you don't want to throw it away, it also makes an excellent rocketship, side table, standing desk, or playhouse. for sheets and pillows, any box will do for a return. but if you have the space, feel free to hold on to the box, as it might be the easiest way to get the sheets or pillows back to us. see how quick and easy it is to return your casper all your questions answered? shop the mattress about press team jobs blog design support help returns faq financing showrooms new york city west hollywood venice free bedtime reading submit © 45 bond st. new york, ny 10012 privacy terms 888–498–0003 contact us