来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181230190633/https://casper.com/warranty/
================================================================================

warranty | casper® mattressesplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconpillowbed framesplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconbedding shopplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconmoreplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconcasper logo markshopexpand arrowexpand arrow for mobile order summaryclosecaspercasper logomattressesarrowdown pointing arrowpillowbed framesarrowdown pointing arrowmorearrowdown pointing arrowstoresreviewsus flagshop casper mattresses in the united stateschoose countryarrowdown pointing arrowcanadian flagshop casper mattresses in canadacanada (english)canadian flagshop casper mattresses in canadacanada (français)german flagshop casper mattresses in germanydeutschlandfrench flagshop casper mattresses in francefranceaustrian flagshop casper mattresses in austriaösterreichswiss flagshop casper mattresses in switzerlandschweizswiss flagshop casper mattresses in switzerlandsuisse (français)uk flagshop casper mattresses in the united kingdomunited kingdomus flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesphone+1 888.498.0003log inchat+1 888.498.0003accountcartclosemattress warrantysheets warrantypillows warrantydog bed warrantyfoundation warrantymattress protector warrantybed frame warrantyduvet warrantyadjustable base warrantyfurniturecasper sleep 10 year limited mattress warrantyyour new casper mattress is covered by a 10 year limited warranty (the “mattress warranty”). this limited mattress warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited mattress warrantythis limited mattress warranty extends to mattresses manufactured by casper sleep inc. (“casper”), purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “mattresses”). some parts of this limited mattress warranty also extend to covers sold with mattresses (“mattress covers”).mattresses are designed to work on a firm, solid-surface, on a bed base that is structurally capable of supporting the weight of the mattress and user(s). this mattress warranty does not cover your product if you use it in a manner incompatible with that intended design.b. who this mattress warranty extends tothis limited mattress warranty extends to the original purchaser of any mattress who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. customers who purchased their mattresses through casper’s trade program and use those mattresses for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store) are “trade customers.”all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the mattress is owned by the original purchaser of the mattress. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this mattress warranty, is the first purchaser of the mattress from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited mattress warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the mattress in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 10 years from the time your mattress is purchased by you, when the mattress is used normally for its intended purposes in the home and on a bed base that is structurally capable of supporting the weight of the mattress and user(s).notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to trade customers only, the limited warranty period shall be 3 years.d. what this limited mattress warranty coversthis limited mattress warranty applies to the following defects:deterioration causing the mattress to have a visible indentation greater than one (1) inch that is not associated with an indentation or sag which results from use of an improper or unsupportive foundation or adjustable bed base. normal wear requires that a mattress be continuously supported by a matching foundation or adjustable bed base with a proper bed frame sufficient to support the collective weight of the mattress and foundation.any physical flaw in the mattress that causes the foam material to split or crack, despite normal usage and proper handling.any manufacturing defect in the zipper assembly of the mattress cover.this limited mattress warranty does not cover the following:a normal increase in softness of the foam pressure-relieving material which does not affect the pressure-relieving qualities of the mattress.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the structure and/or cover material, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store – unless you are a trade customer.replacement of any non-defective pieces in the casper sleep system (for example, if you purchase a mattress with multiple components and only one component is defective, then we will only replace the defective component).any mattress (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.mattresses sold “as-is”, “preconditioned”, “reconditioned”, “used”, “comfort return”, “returned”, “previously owned”, or any other similar wording indicating that the mattress is not “new” or of “first quality”, or has previously been purchased or used by another consumer.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited mattress warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a repaired or replacement mattress or mattress cover, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below. replacement mattress covers may be provided in a color different from the mattress cover you originally purchased.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited mattress warranty, you must return your mattresses or mattress cover to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your mattress, you will not be responsible for those costs.evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited mattress warranty.if you wish to replace your mattress with a more expensive mattress (an “upgrade mattress”), then please e-mail casper at the e-mail address set forth at the end of this limited mattress warranty. you will be required to pay the difference between the original purchase price of the mattress and that of the upgrade mattress, plus the cost of any related additional system pieces necessary for such upgrade mattress.casper will repair or replace (as applicable) and ship your mattress or upgrade mattress back to you.replaced or repaired mattresses are subject to the same limited mattress warranty as the original mattress. if you obtain a replaced or repaired mattress, the warranty term of the replaced or repaired mattress begins from the date of purchase of the original mattress. if you purchase an upgrade mattress, a new warranty term will begin upon the purchase of the upgrade mattress.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the mattress is provided “as is” and this warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited mattress warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the mattress or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the mattress giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited mattress warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited mattress warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited mattress warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.230 park avenue south, 13th floornew york, ny 10003support@casper.comcasper sleep 1 year limited sheets warrantyyour new casper sheets are covered by a 1 year limited warranty (the "sheets warranty"). this limited sheets warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited sheets warrantythis limited sheets warranty extends to sheets manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “sheets”).b. who this sheets warranty extends tothis limited sheets warranty extends to the original purchaser of any sheets who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. the limited sheets warranty does not extend to customers who purchased their sheets through casper’s trade program and use those sheets for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store).all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the sheets is owned by the original purchaser of the sheets. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this sheets warranty, is the first purchaser of the sheets from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited sheets warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the sheets in its original packaging sold to you against defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 1 year from the time your sheets are purchased by you, when the sheets are used normally for their intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited sheets warranty coversthis limited sheets warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited sheets warranty does not cover the following:normal wear and tear as a result of washing and intended use.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the sheets, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store.any sheets (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited sheets warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement sheets, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited sheets warranty, you must return your sheets to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your sheets, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited sheets warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship replacement sheets (if applicable) to you.replacement sheets are subject to the same limited sheets warranty as the original sheets. if you obtain replacement sheets, the warranty term of the replaced sheets begins from the date of purchase of the original sheets.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the sheets are provided “as is” and this limited sheets warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited sheets warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the sheets or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the sheets giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited sheets warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited sheets warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited sheets warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep inc.230 park avenue south, 13th floornew york, ny 10003support@casper.comcasper sleep 3 year limited pillow warrantyyour new casper pillow is covered by a 3 year limited warranty (the “pillow warranty”). this limited pillow warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited pillow warrantythis limited pillow warranty extends to pillows manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “pillows”).b. who this pillow warranty extends tothis limited pillow warranty extends to the original purchaser of any pillow who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. the limited pillow warranty does not extend to customers who purchased their pillows through casper’s trade program and use those pillows for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store).all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the pillow is owned by the original purchaser of the pillow. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this pillow warranty, is the first purchaser of the pillow from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited pillow warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the pillow in its original packaging sold to you against defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 3 years from the time your pillow is purchased by you, when the pillow is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited pillow warranty coversthis limited pillow warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited pillow warranty does not cover the following:normal increases in softening and settling of materials, or any other normal wear and tear.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the structure and/or cover material, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store.any pillow (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited pillow warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a repaired or replacement pillow or pillow cover, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited pillow warranty, you must return your pillow to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your pillow, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited pillow warranty. casper will repair or replace (as applicable) and ship your pillow back to you.replaced or repaired pillows are subject to the same limited pillow warranty as the original pillow. if you obtain a replaced or repaired pillow, the warranty term of the replaced or repaired pillow begins from the date of purchase of the original pillow.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the pillow is provided “as is” and this warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited pillow warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the pillow or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the pillow giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited pillow warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited pillow warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited pillow warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.230 park avenue south, 13th floornew york, ny 10003support@casper.comcasper sleep 1 year limited dog bed warrantyyour new casper dog bed is covered by a 1 year limited warranty (the "dog bed warranty"). this limited dog bed warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited dog bed warrantythis limited dog bed warranty extends to dog beds manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “dog beds”).b. who this dog bed warranty extends tothis limited dog bed warranty extends to the original purchaser of any dog mattress who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. the limited dog bed warranty does not extend to customers who purchased their dog beds through casper’s trade program and use those dog beds for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store).all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the dog mattress is owned by the original purchaser of the dog mattress. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this dog bed warranty, is the first purchaser of the dog mattress from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited dog bed warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the dog mattress in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 1 year from the time your dog mattress is purchased by you, when the dog mattress is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited dog bed warranty coversthis limited dog bed warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty. this limited dog bed warranty does not cover the following:normal wear and tear as a result of washing and intended use.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the dog mattress, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store.any dog mattress (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited dog bed warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement dog mattress, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited dog bed warranty, you must return your dog mattress to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your dog mattress, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited dog bed warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship replacement dog mattress (if applicable) to you.replaced dog mattress are subject to the same limited dog bed warranty as the original dog mattress. if you obtain a replacement dog mattress, the warranty term of the replaced dog mattress begins from the date of purchase of the original dog mattress.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the dog bed is provided “as is” and this limited dog bed warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited dog bed warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the dog bed or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the dog bed giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited dog bed warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited dog bed warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited dog bed warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.230 park avenue south, 13th floornew york, ny 10003support@casper.comcasper sleep 5 year limited foundation warrantyyour new casper foundation is covered by a 5 year limited warranty (the “foundation warranty”).this limited foundation warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited foundation warrantythis limited foundation warranty extends to foundations manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “foundations”).b. who this foundation warranty extends tothis limited foundation warranty extends to the original purchaser of any foundation who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. customers who purchased their foundations through casper’s trade program and use those foundations for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store) are “trade customers.”all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the foundation is owned by the original purchaser of the foundation. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this foundation warranty, is the first purchaser of the foundation from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited foundation warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the foundation in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of five (5) years from the time your foundation is purchased by you, when the foundation is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to trade customers only, the limited warranty period shall be three years.d. what this limited foundation warranty coversthis limited foundation warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited foundation warranty does not cover the following:structural or visual damage from using an improper bed frame or placing foundation on the floor;physical abuse or damage to the foundation structure and/or cover material, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store – unless you are a trade customer.replacement of any non-defective pieces in the casper sleep system (for example, if you purchase a foundation with multiple components and only one component is defective, then we will only replace the defective component)any foundation (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited foundation warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement foundation, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited foundation warranty, you must return your foundation to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your foundation, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited foundation warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship a replacement foundation (if applicable) to you.replaced foundations are subject to the same limited foundation warranty as the original foundation. if you obtain a replacement foundation, the warranty term of the replaced foundation begins from the date of purchase of the original foundation.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the foundation is provided “as is” and this limited foundation warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited foundation warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the foundation or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the foundation giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited foundation warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited foundation warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited foundation warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.230 park avenue south13th floor, new york, ny 10003support@casper.comcasper sleep 1 year limited protector warrantyyour new casper protector is covered by a 1 year limited warranty (the “protector warranty”). this limited protector warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited protector warrantythis limited protector warranty extends to protectors manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “protectors”).b. who this protector warranty extends tothis limited protector warranty extends to the original purchaser of any protector who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. this limited protector warranty does not extend to customers who purchased their protectors through casper’s trade program and use those protectors for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store).all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the protector is owned by the original purchaser of the protector. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this protector warranty, is the first purchaser of the protector from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited protector warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the protector in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 1 year from the time your protector are purchased by you, when the protector are used normally for their intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited protector warranty coversthis limited protector warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited protector warranty does not cover the following:normal wear and tear as a result of washing and intended use.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the protector, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store.any protector (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited protector warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement protector, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited protector warranty, you must return your protector to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your protector, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited protector warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship a replacement protector to you.a replaced protector is subject to the same limited protector warranty as the original protector. if you obtain replacement protector, the warranty term of the replaced protector begins from the date of purchase of the original protector.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the protector are provided “as is” and this limited protector warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited protector warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the protector or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the protector giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited protector warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited protector warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited protector warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.230 park avenue south, 13thfloor new york, ny 10003support@casper.comcasper sleep 10 year limited bed frame warrantyyour new casper bed frame is covered by a 10 year limited warranty (the “bed frame warranty”). this limited bed frame warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited bed frame warrantythis limited bed frame warranty extends to bed frames manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (each, a “bed frame”).b. who this bed frame warranty extends tothis limited bed frame warranty extends to the original purchaser of a bed frame who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. customers who purchased their bed frames through casper’s trade program and use those bed frames for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store) are “trade customers.”all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the bed frame is owned by the original purchaser. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this bed frame warranty, is the first purchaser of the bed frame from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited bed frame warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the bed frame in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 10 years from the time you purchased your bed frame, provided that during that time the bed frame is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to trade customers only, the limited warranty period shall be three years.d. what this limited bed frame warranty coversthis limited bed frame warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited bed frame warranty does not cover the following:damages cause by physical abuse, negligence, improper installation or misuse.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store – unless you are a trade customer.damage cause by acts of god or other natural forces.replacement of any non-defective pieces of the bed frame (for example, if you one component of the bed frame is defective, then we will replace the defective component only).any bed frame sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers of casper bed frames.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited bed frame warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement bed frame, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited bed frame warranty, you must return your bed frame to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your bed frame, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited bed frame warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship a replacement bed frame to you.a replaced bed frame is subject to the same limited bed frame warranty as the original bed frame. if you obtain replacement bed frame, the warranty term of the replaced bed frame begins from the date of purchase of the original bed frame.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the bed frame are provided “as is” and this limited bed frame warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited bed frame warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the bed frame or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the bed frame giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited bed frame warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited bed frame warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited bed frame warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.230 park avenue south, 13th floornew york, ny 10003support@casper.comcasper sleep 1 year limited duvet warrantyyour casper duvet or quilt is covered by a 1 year limited warranty (the “duvet warranty”). this limited duvet warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited duvet warrantythis limited duvet warranty extends to quilts and duvet inserts manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (each, a “duvet”).b. who this duvet warranty extends tothis limited duvet warranty extends to the original purchaser of a duvet who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. this limited duvet warranty does not extend to customers who purchased their duvets through casper’s trade program and use those duvets for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store).all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the duvet is owned by the original purchaser. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this duvet warranty, is the first purchaser of the duvet from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited duvet warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the duvet in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 1 years from the time you purchased your duvet, provided that during that time the duvet is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited duvet warranty coversthis limited duvet warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited duvet warranty does not cover the following:normal wear and tear as a result of washing and intended use.comfort preference.damage cause by physical abuse, negligence, improper installation or misuse.damage caused commercial use, such as in a hotel or store.damage cause by acts of god or other natural forces.replacement of any non-defective pieces of the duvet (for example, if you one component of the duvet is defective, then we will replace the defective component only).any duvet sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers of casper duvets.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited duvet warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement duvet, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited duvet warranty, you must return your duvet to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your duvet, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited duvet warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship a replacement duvet to you.a replaced duvet is subject to the same limited duvet warranty as the original duvet. if you obtain replacement duvet, the warranty term of the replaced duvet begins from the date of purchase of the original duvet.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the duvet is provided “as is” and this limited duvet warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited duvet warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the duvet or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the duvet giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited duvet warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited duvet warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited duvet warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.230 park avenue south, 13th floornew york, ny 10003support@casper.comcasper sleep 20 year limited adjustable base warrantyyour casper adjustable base is covered by a 20 year limited warranty (the “adjustable base warranty”). this limited adjustable base warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited adjustable base warrantythis limited adjustable base warranty extends to adjustable bases purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “adjustable bases”).b. who this limited adjustable base warranty extends tothis limited adjustable base warranty extends to the original purchaser of any adjustable base who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. customers who purchased their adjustable bases through casper’s trade program and use those adjustable bases for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store) are “trade customers.”all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the adjustable is owned by the original purchaser of the adjustable base. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this adjustable base warranty, is the first purchaser of the adjustable base from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited adjustable base warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the adjustable in its original packaging sold to you against certain defects in material and workmanship for specific periods of time as set forth below when the adjustable base is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to trade customers only, the limited warranty period shall be three years.d. what this limited adjustable base warranty covers and your responsibilitiesyear 1: full coverage parts and labor warranty. this adjustable base is warranted against defects in the workmanship or materials for a period of up to one (1) year from the date of purchase for adjustable bases bought new. casper will send replacement parts (at no cost to the purchaser) for any defective adjustable base part to the purchaser, and casper will pay all pre-authorized labor and transportation costs associated with the repair or replacement of any parts which casper determines to be defective. this one (1) year warranty shall not apply if purchaser does not return any and all defective parts to casper within 15 days of purchaser’s receiving of replacement part(s).years 2-20: limited warranty. if the defect occurs in the second through twentieth year following purchase for adjustable bases bought new and following the date of manufacture for adjustable bases that were originally floor samples, casper will offer replacement parts (upon terms and conditions set forth in this paragraph) for any mechanical adjustable base part found to be defective. electronics, electrical components, drive motors and massage motors are excluded. purchaser shall pay 1/19th of the then current replacement cost of the defective part multiplied by the number of years the purchaser has owned the adjustable base for those bases bought new or multiplied by the number of years since the adjustable base was manufactured for those adjustable bases which were floor samples. casper shall bear the remainder of the cost of the replacement part. this limited warranty shall not apply if purchaser does not return any and all defective parts to casper within 15 days of purchaser’s receipt of replacement part. to the extent permitted by law, the purchaser shall bear all service, transportation, labor and shipping costs related to the delivery and/or replacement of the defective part.this limited warranty does not cover or apply:to any damage caused to the adjustable base by the purchaser;if there has been any unauthorized repair or replacement of the adjustable base or parts;if the adjustable base has been mishandled whether in transit or by other means, subjected to physical or electrical abuse or misuse, or otherwise operated in any way inconsistent with the operation and maintenance procedures outlined in the owner’s manual, this limited warranty, and any other applicable document published or approved by casper;in relation to damage to mattresses, fabric, cables, electrical cords or items supplied by dealers (also known as retailers or resellers);if there have been any unnecessary service calls, including costs for in-home setup calls solely for the purpose of educating the purchaser about the adjustable base and/or for finding an unsatisfactory power connection;if the recommended weight restrictions (twin/txl/split queen/split ca king: 400 pounds/ 181 kilograms, full/fxl queen**: 500 pounds/ 227 kilograms, queen**: 600 pounds/ 272 kilograms) and guidelines for proper distribution of weight as stated in the owner’s manual are not followed;for adjustable bases used in commercial type settings, such as but not limited to dormitories, hotels and rentals.**see owner’s manual for model specific informatione. disclaimer, limitation on liability, additional termsno reimbursement will be made to the purchaser for the inconvenience, removal, installation, setup time, lack of use, shipping, or any other costs or expenses not covered by this limited warranty. casper holds no responsibility for in-home setup on adjustable bases. purchaser should contact their dealer for any terms and conditions relating to purchaser’s in-home setup if any. removal of product tag shall void warranty. the product tag has both the model and serial numbers, which serves as a means of identification to establish one’s warranty rights. it is attached to the metal substructure visible when one lifts the head of the base.to the extent permitted by applicable law, this limited warranty replaces all other representations, warranties or conditions, whether expressed, implied or legal, arising from statute, course of dealing, usage of trade or otherwise including any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, durability, quality and fitness for a particular purpose and no one is authorized to assume or undertake for casper other liability in connection with the sale of the product. casper shall not be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect or consequential or any other damages of whatever kind, including personal injuries or damage to property, except as provided herein.some states or provinces do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages or the exclusion of implied warranties or the limitation on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state or province to province. to the extent that the provisions of any applicable legislation expressly replaced, eliminate, amend, extend or prohibit any term or terms contained in this warranty, such term or terms shall be accordingly replaced, eliminated, amended or extended, as the case may be, in accordance with such legislation.f. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited adjustable base warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited adjustable base warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.g. governing lawthis limited adjustable base warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.h. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.230 park avenue south, 13th floornew york, ny 10003support@casper.comcasper sleep 5 year limited furniture warrantyyour new casper furniture is covered by a 5 year limited warranty (the “furniture warranty”). this limited furniture warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited furniture warrantythis limited furniture warranty extends to any platform bedframe, headboard, or nightstand manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (each, “furniture””).b. who this limited furniture warranty extends totthis limited furniture warranty extends to the original purchaser of furniture who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. customers who purchased their furniture through casper’s trade program and use that furniture for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store) are “trade customers.”all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the furniture is owned by the original purchaser. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this furniture warranty, is the first purchaser of the furniture from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited furniture warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the furniture in its original packaging sold to retail customers against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 5 years from the time you purchased your furniture, provided that during that time the furniture is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to trade customers only, the limited warranty period shall be three years.d. what this limited furniture warranty coversthis limited furniture warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited furniture warranty does not cover the following:damages cause by physical abuse, negligence, improper installation or misuse.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store – unless you are a trade customer.damage cause by acts of god or other natural forces.replacement of any non-defective pieces of the furniture (for example, if you one component of furniture is defective, then we will replace the defective component only).any furniture sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers of casper furniture.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited furniture warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement furniture, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited furniture warranty, you must return your furniture to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your furniture, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited furniture warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship a replacement furniture to you.replaced furniture is subject to the same limited furniture warranty as the original furniture. if you obtain replacement furniture, the warranty term of the replaced furniture begins from the date of purchase of the original furniture.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the furniture is provided “as is” and this limited furniture warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited furniture warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the furniture or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the furniture giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited furniture warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org , or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited furniture warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.arbitration will take place in new york, new york. the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited adjustable base warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.230 park avenue south, 13th floornew york, ny 10003support@casper.comproductsmattressespillowsheetsduvetsee allaboutjobspressretailcasper storestargetsupportfaqcontact usreturnswarrantyaffirm financingmorerefer & earntrade & commercialmilitary discountblogwoollyfollow casperfree bedtime readingsubmitplease enter a valid email address.thanks! you've signed up successfully.facebook iconcasper on facebooktwitter iconcasper on twitterinstagram iconcasper on instagrampinterest iconvisit casper on pinterestlinkedin iconcasper on linkedinsnapchat iconcasper on snapchatyoutube iconcasper on youtube+1 888.498.0003us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)deutschlandfranceösterreichschweizsuisse (français)united kingdomunited statesarrowdown pointing arrow© 2018privacytermssitemapyour cartclosecloseyour cart is emptyshop nowcloseyour zip code:10009closewhiteglove icona hand catching some zzzsfast, free shippingyour order will ship via ups in 2-3 business days — for free!once your product ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number.