来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181230190633/https://casper.com/mattresses/casper-essential/
================================================================================

shop the casper essential online, free delivery & returns | casper® mattressesplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconpillowbed framesplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconglowbeddingplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconmoreplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconcasper logo markshopexpand arrowexpand arrow for mobile order summaryclosecaspercasper logomattressesarrowdown pointing arrowthe wavenewthe casperthe essentialcomparepillowbed framesarrowdown pointing arrowplatform bednewadjustable bed framesfoundationmetal bed framemorearrowdown pointing arrowglow lightsheetsnewquiltsduvetsnewmattress protectorall beddingnightstandnewdog bednap pillowgiftswoolly magazineall productsstoresreviewsus flagshop casper mattresses in the united stateschoose countryarrowdown pointing arrowcanadian flagshop casper mattresses in canadacanada (english)canadian flagshop casper mattresses in canadacanada (français)german flagshop casper mattresses in germanydeutschlandfrench flagshop casper mattresses in francefranceaustrian flagshop casper mattresses in austriaösterreichswiss flagshop casper mattresses in switzerlandschweizswiss flagshop casper mattresses in switzerlandsuisse (français)uk flagshop casper mattresses in the united kingdomunited kingdomus flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesphone+1 888.498.0003log inchat+1 888.498.0003accountcartthe essential mattressread reviewsstarting at $350available in 6 sizesselect your sizecloseit's simple really. we made an expensive mattress, that’s not expensive.it's simple really. we made an expensive mattress, that’s not expensive.crescent moon with one stara crescent moon flanked by one star.100 night trial,free shipping* & returnsarrowright pointing arrowwhiteglove icona hand catching some zzzsin-home setupavailable nationwide*arrowright pointing arrow0% apr financingwith affirmwhat makes the essential different?streamlined supporta firm bottom layer, a supportive middle layer, and a soft top layer.easy-to-clean coverupholstery-grade cover zips off for easy upkeep.3 layers of premium foamcombination of support, breathability, and comfortsupport, breathability, and comfort – in just three durable layers.“unbeatable price, and it’s super comfortable”jennifer f., casper customerit’s built to last — night after night.the zip-off cover is made with an upholstery-grade hybrid knit that’s designed to stand up to years of use. plus, the rich charcoal color hides spills or splotches. hello, breakfast in bed.a wiggly lineupholstery-grade cover for added durabilitylower cost mattress, same high standardsquality comfortwe own the manufacturing process, so we can guarantee all casper mattresses meet our high standards for comfort.10 year warrantythe long-lasting foams and careful construction of every casper mattress promise a decade of great sleep.great sleep, simplifiedrisk-free trialwe give you 100 nights to try it on us. don’t love it? we’ll pick it up and give you a full refund.free shipping & returnsfree shipping and returns every order. * free shipping excludes hi, ak, yukon, n.w.t & nunavut.exceptional customer servicesnooze specialists are available seven days a week to answer any question under the moon.product specsmeasurements & dimensions(w x l x d)size guidetwin39” x 75” x 8.5”44 lbstwin xl39” x 80” x 8.5”46 lbsfull54” x 75” x 8.5”56 lbsqueen60” x 80” x 8.5”63 lbsking76” x 80” x 8.5”76 lbscal king72” x 84” x 8.5”76 lbsmaterialsbreathable top foamresponsive memory foamdurable support foamcountry of origindesigned and assembled in the usa.certificationsour foams are certified by the certipur-us® program, meaning they are made without ozone depleting chemicals and regulated by the consumer product safety commission low voc (volatile organic compound) emissions for indoor air quality (less than 0.5 parts per million).the fire sock and top of our cover is oeko-tex® certified. warranty10-year limited warranty. read moreshipping infowe ship via ups standard in the united states and canada from warehouse partners in each country.we also offer same-day courier delivery in parts of new york city and los angeles.shipping costsfree shipping and free returns in the us and canada. free shipping excludes alaska, hawaii, yukon territory, northwest territory and nunavutsleep now, pay laterto make it even easier to get better sleep, you can finance your casper essential through affirm.easy monthly paymentsflexible paymentspay your monthly bill using a bank transfer, check, or debit card on affirm.combuild your dream bedthe foundationour easy-to-assemble foundation provides excellent support under your casper mattress.shop nowthe pillowour unique pillow-in-pillow design creates the perfect balance of softness and support.shop nowthe down duvetour down duvet is inspired by performance outerwear to provide all-season comfort.shop nowsee why customers love the essential mattresswrite a reviewfilter highlighted reviews by:comfortarrowright pointing arrowcomfortmotion isolationsetupsleeps coolswitching to essentialvaluecomfortmotion isolationsetupsleeps coolswitching to essentialvaluelacy wcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerfrankfort, ky5 star review rating5 star review ratinglife changing!i didn't realize i was sleeping poorly until i slept well, for the first time since i can remember, on my new casper bed. my partner and i were upgrading to a queen bed and we had heard the casper…continue readingmichaelcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownercalimesa, ca5 star review rating5 star review ratingcasper essentialman o man how great it is, slept like a 87 year old baby. no wonder you offer free returns, like that’s ever going to happen!kim bartlettcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerepping, nd5 star review rating5 star review ratingsimply divine. like sleeping on a cloud.super easy to unbox and set up frame. i have disc issues in t6-7,l-4,l-5,s-1. i also have tendonitis in my rotator cuff, and tennis elbow among with hip issues. mattress was a bit firm at first and i…continue readingtracycheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerhouston, tx5 star review rating5 star review ratingsurprised!this was my first bed-in-a-box adventure, and i must say i was surprised. i'm in my mid-50s and accordingly have some typical aches and pains. so i've been pretty conscious about what i sleep on…continue readingjeanette malhotracheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownercorona, ca5 star review rating5 star review ratinggreatwasn't sure about buying a mattress on line, but my daughter and son-in-law did some research and talked me into trying the mattress. so far i have no regrets, my doggy loves your mattress. would i…continue readingsee all reviewsfrequently asked questionsminus iconminus iconplus iconplus iconwhat setup do you recommend for the casper essential?the casper essential needs a setup with plenty of direct support. for optimal support, we recommend using our casper foundation and the metal frame. this mattress can also be used with a slatted foundation (with slats less than 4" apart) and metal frame, a platform bed, or an adjustable base.minus iconminus iconplus iconplus iconwhat does the casper essential feel like?when we designed the casper essential, we knew we had to deliver lasting comfort at an unbeatable price. it borrows elements from our signature mattress to promise coolness and support in a more cost-efficient design.minus iconminus iconplus iconplus iconhow does the 100 night trial work?at casper, we want to give you the best trial experience possible. that’s why you can try all our products in the comfort of your own home, risk-free, for 100 nights. if they aren’t working out, you can return them for a full refund. our 100 night trial serves as our return policy, and it starts from the night your product is delivered.see all mattress faqsour other mattressesmeet the casper,our most loved mattressnow with zoned support™ for alignment and 4 layers of foam, including pressure relieving foam.get comfortablecasper logo mark>mattresses>the casper essentialproductsmattressespillowsheetsduvetsee allaboutjobspressretailcasper storestargetsupportfaqcontact ustrialreturnswarrantyaffirm financingmorerefer & earntrade & commercialmilitary discountblogwoollyfollow caspersign up for the latest snoozesubmitplease enter a valid email address.thanks! you've signed up successfully.facebook iconcasper on facebooktwitter iconcasper on twitterinstagram iconcasper on instagrampinterest iconvisit casper on pinterestlinkedin iconcasper on linkedinyoutube iconcasper on youtube+1 888.498.0003us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)deutschlandfranceösterreichschweizsuisse (français)united kingdomunited statesarrowdown pointing arrow© 2019privacytermssitemapyour cartclosecloseyour cart is emptyshop nowclosewhiteglove icona hand catching some zzzsfast, free shipping*your order will ship via ups in 2-3 business days — for free!once your product ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number.* free shipping excludes alaska, hawaii, yukon territory, northwest territory and nunavutclosetruckfree shipping and returns truckyou'll be snoozin in no timeyour order will typically arrive in 2-5 business days after your order is placed.closecrescent moon with one stara crescent moon flanked by one star.100 night risk-free trialwe’re confident you’ll love this product, so we give you 100 nights to try it in your own home.1product removalwe’ll set up a courier to pack up and remove the product on your schedule.2recycling or donationour team will try their best to donate your product to a charity or recycle it.3100% refundyour original form of payment will be refunded in full.* free shipping excludes alaska, hawaii, yukon territory, northwest territory and nunavutcloselacy wcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerfrankfort, ky5 star review ratinglife changing!i didn't realize i was sleeping poorly until i slept well, for the first time since i can remember, on my new casper bed. my partner and i were upgrading to a queen bed and we had heard the casper ads on some podcasts we listen to, so we looked to them first. i thought, at the time, that i could sleep on anything, so i vouched for the essential over the other mattresses. what a difference! the first night sleeping on it was the first night in years that i haven't woken up sore. i did have to replace the bent wood slats that came with my bed with plywood for better support, but that was no issue. unboxing was easy, there was little smell, and the whole experience was a delight.closemichaelcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownercalimesa, ca5 star review ratingcasper essentialman o man how great it is, slept like a 87 year old baby. no wonder you offer free returns, like that’s ever going to happen!closekim bartlettcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerepping, nd5 star review ratingsimply divine. like sleeping on a cloud.super easy to unbox and set up frame. i have disc issues in t6-7,l-4,l-5,s-1. i also have tendonitis in my rotator cuff, and tennis elbow among with hip issues. mattress was a bit firm at first and i wasn't sure what to expect. i noticed an immediate difference after the first night sleeping on it. now it's been several nights and i actually wake up refreshed and pain free. i highly recommend this mattress.closetracycheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerhouston, tx5 star review ratingsurprised!this was my first bed-in-a-box adventure, and i must say i was surprised. i'm in my mid-50s and accordingly have some typical aches and pains. so i've been pretty conscious about what i sleep on, because there's almost nothing worse than a sleepless night to make me worthless at work the next day. i had a hard time believing that the essential would be 'enough' for me, but it was -- enough buoyancy, enough support, enough fluffy comfort.closejeanette malhotracheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownercorona, ca5 star review ratinggreatwasn't sure about buying a mattress on line, but my daughter and son-in-law did some research and talked me into trying the mattress. so far i have no regrets, my doggy loves your mattress. would i recommend casper. to friends; i already do. you should pay me for word of mouth advertising. love love my mattress. can't improve it, but you can try.closeyour zip code:10009* in-home setup excludes alaska and hawaii