来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191225100942/https://casper.com/mattress-size-comparison-guide/
================================================================================

mattress sizes and dimensions guide | casper® skip to main contentus flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesarrowdown pointing arrowcanadian flagshop casper mattresses in canadacanada (english)canadian flagshop casper mattresses in canadacanada (français)german flagshop casper mattresses in germanydeutschlandfrench flagshop casper mattresses in francefranceaustrian flagshop casper mattresses in austriaösterreichswiss flagshop casper mattresses in switzerlandschweizswiss flagshop casper mattresses in switzerlandsuisse (français)uk flagshop casper mattresses in the united kingdomunited kingdomus flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesreviewsrefer & earnphone+1 888.498.0003accountclosecaspercasper logomattressesmattressesthe wave20% offthe casper15% offthe essential10% offsee all mattressesshop the end-of-season clearance salelimited inventorysave up to 20% on our award-winning mattresses.make a move while supplies last.starting at $356pillowspillowsoriginal casper pillowfoam pillownewdown pillowsee all pillowsrest your weary headfoam pillow for contouring supportnewstarting at $89bed framesbed framesadjustable bed framesplatform bedupholstered bed framenewfoundation + metal bed framesee all bed framesan inviting bedroom lookupholstered bed frame for cozy stylenewstarting at $495beddingbeddingsheetsquiltsduvetsweighted blanketnewmattress protectorsee all bedding50% off cool supima and weightless cottonsalethe softest sheets at a crazy good pricesets from $38giftsgiftsglow lightweighted blanketdog bedpillowssheetsdown duvetsee all giftsnap pillowmattress toppernightstanda brilliant gift ideaglow lightstarting at $129salestores buildingstoresstoresvisit usfind a storein-store only productsfind a casper storevisit a casper sleep shopyour one-stop shop for all things sleepchat with a sleep specialist, try the products in a private space, and leave with the the bed of your dreams!chat newmattressesplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconthe wave20% offthe casper15% offthe essential10% offsee all mattressespillowsplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconoriginal casper pillowfoam pillownewdown pillowsee all pillowsbed framesplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconadjustable bed framesplatform bedupholstered bed framenewfoundation + metal bed framesee all bed framesbeddingplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconsheetsquiltsduvetsweighted blanketnewmattress protectorsee all beddinggiftsplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconglow lightweighted blanketdog bedpillowssheetsdown duvetnap pillowmattress toppernightstandsee all giftssalecasper storesplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconfind a storein-store only productsfind a casper storeaccountreviewsrefer & earnstorescasper storesus flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)deutschlandfranceösterreichschweizsuisse (français)united kingdomunited statesarrowdown pointing arrow+1 888.498.0003closemattress dimensions: which bed size is right for you?twin: 38” x 75” | 96.5 x 190.5cmtwin xl: 38” x 80” | 96.5 x 203cmfull: 53” x 75” | 134.5 x 190.5cmqueen: 60” x 80” | 152.5 x 203cmking: 76” x 80” | 193 x 203cmcalifornia king: 72” x 84” | 183 x 213cmbeyond personal preference, there are a number of factors to consider before picking a mattress size. you’ll want to think about the size of your bedroom, who you’ll be sharing your bed with and available space. in this guide, we illustrate the dimensions of all six standard mattress sizes to help you choose the best one for your needs. we also answer some commonly asked questions when it comes to bed sizes and choosing a mattress.twin38” x 75”  best for kids, bunk beds or single sleepers.a twin mattress is the smallest bed on the market at 38 inches wide and 75 inches long. its compact footprint makes it ideal for single sleepers — either children or adults with small spaces like a studio apartment.twin xl38” x 80”best for taller teenagers, single adults or anyone with limited space.the twin’s slightly longer cousin, the twin xl mattress, is the most popular size for college dorm rooms. it measures five inches longer than a twin, at 38 inches wide and 80 inches long. in addition to students, a twin xl mattress is a good solution for taller teenagers and individual adults with limited space. these beds can also be put together if you’re choosing a split king adjustable base for full body adjustability!full53” x 75” best for young adults, couples who like to cuddle or guest rooms.the full mattress is a good starter mattress for young adults or recent grads living on their own for the first time. sometimes called a double, the full is 16 inches wider than a twin at 53 inches wide and 75 inches long. a full is not recommended for couples who like to share the bed with pets or their children, but is a smart choice for guest rooms.queen60” x 80”best for couples or adults who like to sprawl out.the most popular mattress size on the market, the queen mattress, fits best in a master bedroom that is at least 10 x 10 square feet. at 60 inches wide and 80 inches long, the queen offers plenty of space for couples or individuals who like having extra room to move around in bed.king76” x 80”best for couples who enjoy their space or share a bed with children.at 76 inches wide and 80 inches long, the king mattress is large enough to accommodate couples who share the bed with their children or a sizable pet (think: a great dane). a king mattress fits best in a spacious master bedroom, preferably at least 12 x 10 square feet.california king72” x 84” best for couples with kids or pets who want a luxurious amount of space.the longest mattress on the market, the california king mattress is a whopping 72 inches wide and 84 inches long. its generous length makes it ideal for taller individuals, especially people more than six feet tall. of course, people of average height might also benefit from a california king depending on how many people and pets are sharing the bed.shop all sizeswhich bed size is the best for me?if it’s time for a new mattress, you may be wondering which size is right for you. there are many things to consider, like who will be sleeping in the bed, how much space you will need, how much room is in your bedroom and any specific health or sleep issues you might face. buying a new mattress is not a one-size-fits-all situation, so it’s essential to evaluate your individual needs. if you have a history of back pain or sleep problems, you may want a free trial period to help you make sure you’re comfortable with your new mattress. here are some other major factors you will want to consider when choosing a mattress.who will sleep in the bedwill you be sharing the bed with a partner? do your children or dogs typically sleep with you? these are questions to ask yourself before deciding on mattress size. typically twin, twin xl and full mattresses are meant for one person. the queen, king and california king beds are big enough for two sleepers. if you are going to sleep with another person, consider how close you like to sleep and your usual sleeping positions. if you both like to stretch out when sleeping, the extra room afforded by a king or california king will be appreciated. your room sizethe amount of space available to you should also be considered. a larger mattress will take up more space in your bedroom, so you will need to plan accordingly. here are the mattress sizes in square inches and square feet. ensure there is plenty of space for the mattress in your room. twin: 2,925 sq. in./20.3 sq. ft.twin xl: 3,120 sq. in./21.7 sq. ft.full: 4,050 sq. in./28.1 sq. ft.queen: 4,800 sq. in./33.3 sq. ft.king: 6,080 sq. in./42.2 sq. ft.california king: 6,048 sq. in./42 sq. ft.your body sizeyou should take your height and width into consideration when choosing a mattress. a typical twin mattress is 75 inches tall, while a twin xl is 80 inches tall. if an individual is taller than six feet two inches, a twin mattress is probably not for them. instead, it’s best to go with the xl, full, queen or king bed, all of which can accommodate someone who is up to 6 feet 7 inches. those that are taller than 7 feet should opt for a california king bed. for those who want more space on either side of their body, a full, queen or king bed will be the most comfortable.your budgetthe amount of money you are willing to spend on a mattress can also help you choose the right size. a king will cost more than a queen, and a queen more than a full, etc. buying a mattress that meets both your size needs and your financial needs is key.now that you know all about the sizes and dimensions of different beds, you should be able to make an informed decision regarding your next mattress. once you have your sizing figured out, consider an adjustable bed frame for the ultimate comfort or some soft, breathable bedding to outfit your new investment!mattress dimensions faqshow big is a single mattress?closea single mattress and a twin mattress are one and the same — both have the dimensions of 38 inches by 75 inches. these, along with the twin xl (which is a little longer) are designed to fit one person. the term “twin” came about because these mattresses were often placed two to a room, either in children’s rooms, hotels or other rooms that are meant to be shared by more than one person.is there a mattress smaller than a twin?closea twin, also known as a single mattress, is the smallest size available on the market today. casper twin mattresses are 38 inches by 75 and are the perfect size for a child or short single sleeper. single sleepers that need a longer bed can try a twin xl, which is 80 inches long.what size is a double mattress?closethe dimensions for a casper double size mattress and a full-size mattress are 53 inches by 75 inches. in this case, both names represent the same kind of mattress. this bed is on the smaller side, but still able to fit two people if needed. is a full bed big enough for two?closethe full-sized bed (also known as a double) can fit two people. in fact, full mattresses were the most common size used by couples in the 1960s. they are advantageous because they are able to fit into smaller rooms. however, many adults these days prefer a larger bed. the full bed is 53 inches by 75 inches, leaving only 26.5 inches across for each person’s personal sleeping area. the slightly larger queen bed offers 30 inches of space per person, while a king offers 38 inches per person. depending on you and your bed mate’s sizes and sleeping styles, you may consider a queen or a king rather than a full. what is the difference between a king and a california king?closeif you’re deciding between a king or california king, it all comes down to four inches. a king mattress is actually four inches wider than a california king, while a california king is four inches longer than a king at 72 inches by 84 inches.is there a bed bigger than a king?closethe king-sized bed is the widest bed that casper sells, measuring at 76 inches by 80 inches. those looking for a taller bed can purchase the california king, which is slightly longer and narrower, measuring 72 inches by 84 inches. both beds should be large enough to fit two adults, although those who are taller may prefer a california king.how do you measure a mattress?closeto determine the dimensions of a mattress, measure it from head to foot for the length and from side to side for the width. it may be helpful to measure the depth of the mattress as well, from the bottom where it rests on the box spring to the top. you will want to use a tape measure and record these three dimensions, in inches, and repeat if necessary if you use a foundation. it’s important to measure your mattress and box spring before buying an encasement or bed. casper logo mark>mattress size comparison guideproductsmattressespillowsheetsadjustable bed framesglow lightdog bedplatform bedweighted blanketshop by sizetwintwin xlfullqueenkingcal kingsize guidesupportcontact usfaqreturnstrialwarrantyfinancingaboutour storystoresour materialsjobspressfollow casperinvestorsresourcesmattress salecasper promosrefer & earntrade & commercialblogsign up for the latest snoozesubmitplease enter a valid email address.thanks! you've signed up successfully.facebook iconcasper on facebooktwitter iconcasper on twitterinstagram iconcasper on instagrampinterest iconvisit casper on pinterestlinkedin iconcasper on linkedinyoutube iconcasper on youtube+1 888.498.0003us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)deutschlandfranceösterreichschweizsuisse (français)united kingdomunited statesarrowdown pointing arrow© 2020privacytermsaccessibilitysitemapdo not sell my personal informationyour cartclosecloseyour cart is emptyshop nowclosewhiteglove icona hand catching some zzzsfast, free shipping*your order will ship via ups in 2-3 business days — for free!once your product ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number.* free shipping excludes alaska, hawaii, yukon territory, northwest territory and nunavutclosethe foundationa supportive alternative to the box spring.our strong and level foundation serves the same function as a box spring, but offers better support and height for your mattress. paired with a bed frame, will help your mattress perform at its peak for a decade or more.engineered with solid woodstands up to years of useeasy to assemble30 night trial and free shipping and returns5 year limited warrantyrequires a bed frame, and works with most standard framesclosethe adjustablefind your perfect position.raise your head, feet, or both to get comfortable and rest easy.wireless remote controlzero-gravity position relieves pressure on your bodyanti-snore position prevents snoringsaves your favorite positionssplit king option to control your side of the bedrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns20 year limited warrantyclosethe adjustable proindulge in extreme comfort.customize your setup with pressure-relieving positions, time-saving presets, a pre-sleep massage that lulls you to sleep and more.zero-gravity position relieves pressureanti-snore position prevents snoringheadrest tilt functionmassage feature under-bed lightswall-aligning technologywireless remote controlrest assuredfree in-home setup included*fits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns20 year limited warranty*availability may vary by delivery postal codeclosewhat goes under your mattress?to make sure you get the best sleep of your life, we offer three bed frame options to cover all your bases.the foundation + metal framethe basics for your new mattress. foam mattresses don't sit well on old box springs, so you'll need a foundation instead. complete your set with a metal frame if you don't have one already. explorethe platform & upholstered bed framean alternative to a foundation and metal frame. you can choose between the platform or the upholstered bed frame for an added touch of style.the adjustable & adjustable pro bed frameskip the foundation and platform bed frame, and opt for the most customizable sleep option. with an adjustable frame, you'll get the ultimate sleep experience. explorealready have a frame?if you have a frame at home, make sure you use a firm, non-spring foundation or a bed frame with slots that are less than 4 inches apart. any other kind of box spring or bed frame won't give your foam mattress the support it needs. we also don't recommend putting your mattress directly on the floor.closepick your perfect feel without compromising comfort or supportsofterhybrid (foam + springs)the spring base layer in our hybrids results in a slightly softer and more responsive feel.firmerall-foamour all-foam options provide contouring pressure relief with a slightly firmer feel.closeunsure if you’re all-foam or more hybrid?foam (updated 2019)hybrid: foam + springthin checkmark (without circle)high-density memory foamthin checkmark (without circle)transition layers for comfortthin checkmark (without circle)open-cell foams sleep coolthin checkmark (without circle)high-density memory foamthin checkmark (without circle)transition layers for comfortthin checkmark (without circle)open-cell foams sleep coolthin checkmark (without circle)springs provide added liftthin checkmark (without circle)individual coils for increased airflowthin checkmark (without circle)firmer perimeter for edge supportclosewhat you need to know about hybridsadded supportan added layer of resilient springs provides extra support for back, belly, and side sleepers of all sizes.extra lift and bouncehundreds of individual springs make hybrids more responsive. your body will feel elevated and afloat, rather than sinking in.added airfloweach coil lets body heat circulate out to keep you cool through the night.more durablesay goodbye to sagging. the added layer of sturdy springs extends the lifespan of your mattress for many years to come.closewhat you need to know about hybridsadded supportan added layer of resilient springs provides extra support for back, belly, and side sleepers of all sizes.extra lift and bouncehundreds of individual springs make hybrids more responsive. your body will feel elevated and afloat, rather than sinking in.added airfloweach coil lets body heat circulate out to keep you cool through the night.more durablesay goodbye to sagging. the added layer of sturdy springs extends the lifespan of your mattress for many years to come.closeupholstered bed framewe’ve found your soft spot.made of sturdy wood and steelwrapped in three custom woven textilesfeatures a 2-inch perimetereasy one-tool assemblyno box spring or foundation required30 night trial, free shipping and returns5 year limited warrantycloseyour zip code:10009* in-home setup excludes alaska and hawaii