来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231191403/https://casper.com/
================================================================================

the best bed for better sleep | casper® skip to main contentus flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesarrowdown pointing arrowcanadian flagshop casper mattresses in canadacanada (english)canadian flagshop casper mattresses in canadacanada (français)us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesreviewsrefer & earnaccountclosecaspercasper logomattressesshow mattresses submenumattresseswave hybrid15% offnova hybrid15% offoriginal15% offsee all mattressescompare mattressesthe one that started it all — on sale now15% offoriginal mattressthe perfect combination of support and cooling.starting at $506 $595pillowsshow pillows submenupillowsoriginal casper pilloworiginal casper pillow, 2-packfoam pillownewdown pillowsee all pillowsrest your weary head10% offfoam pillow for contouring supportstarting at $80 $89bed framesshow bed frames submenubed framesadjustable bed framesplatform bedupholstered bed framefoundation + metal bed framehaven bed framenewrepose bed framenewsee all bed framesan inviting bedroom look10% offhaven bed framenewstarting at $1,256 $1,39510% offrepose bed framenewstarting at $626 $695beddingshow bedding submenubeddingsheetsduvetsweighted blanketnewmattress protectorsee all beddingpercale sheets10% offcrisp, light, and just right.newsets from $98 $109giftsshow gifts submenugiftsglow lightweighted blanketdog bedpillowssheetsdown duvetsee all giftsnap pillowmattress toppernightstandgraphic pillowcasesthrow blanketsnewthrow pillowsnewthe gift shop10% offgive the gift of comfort.shop pillows, sheets, blankets, and more.bundlessalestores buildingstoresstoresshow stores submenumattressesplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconwave hybrid15% offnova hybrid15% offoriginal15% offsee all mattressescompare mattressespillowsplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconoriginal casper pilloworiginal casper pillow, 2-packfoam pillownewdown pillowsee all pillowsbed framesplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconadjustable bed framesplatform bedupholstered bed framefoundation + metal bed framehaven bed framenewrepose bed framenewsee all bed framesbeddingplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconsheetsduvetsweighted blanketnewmattress protectorsee all beddinggiftsplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconglow lightweighted blanketdog bedpillowssheetsdown duvetnap pillowmattress toppernightstandgraphic pillowcasesthrow blanketsnewthrow pillowsnewsee all giftsbundlessalecasper storesplus iconplus iconminus iconminus iconnew ways to shopfind a storefind a casper storeaccountreviewsrefer & earnstorescasper storesus flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)united statesarrowdown pointing arrow+1 888.498.0003closevp-barfree, no-contact delivery*vp-bar100-night risk-free trial*vp-bar10-year limited warranty*new year’s sale15% off mattresses.15% off mattresses.15% off mattresses.10% off pillows, duvets, and more.*save now through january 4th.10% off pillows, duvets, and more.*save now through january 4th.10% off pillows, duvets, and more.*save now through january 4th.shop now*exclusions apply. see terms.pay as low as $61/mo at 0% apr* withpay as low as $61/moat 0% apr* withprequalify nowcasper sleepers say they have less back pain*27,000+ 5-star customer reviews†casper customers say they sleep better on a casper**based on a randomized survey of casper mattress product owners conducted in january 2020.†awards & claims include ratings & reviews of prior casper mattress models & reviews of online customer experience.see the mattressesside-by-side.compare the mattressessee why people sleep better with casperfilter reviews by mattress:original mattressoriginal mattressnova hybrid mattresswave hybrid mattressarrowdown pointing arroworiginal mattressnova hybrid mattresswave hybrid mattressoriginal mattressnova hybrid mattresswave hybrid mattressthe best mattress i've ever slept on, no kidding!from the delivery of the box to the magical unfolding of the king size mattress to the first time laying on the bed, all smiles here! i have traveled for work for years, often…continue readingpaulcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerdubuque, iareview of prior model (the casper mattress).best investment we've ever madebought a mattress 5 years ago specifically for back problems. over the past year woke up daily with hip and back pain. literally crawling out of bed. our son and his wife have a…continue readingmary lou gcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerel dorado hills, careview of prior model (the casper mattress).hallelujah!!!!we bought a new (not casper) mattress two years ago, and my husband detested it. he woke up with multiple aches and pains and in a terrible grump each morning. it was awful! our…continue readingsusancheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownermontgomery, moreview of prior model (the casper mattress).best sleep in years!!here goes..... my husband has wanted another brand of foam mattress for the past 10 years and i thought it was overpriced and too firm and my friend said it was hot to sleep on.…continue readingsonja kintercheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerphillipsburg, ksreview of prior model (the casper mattress).this mattress literally hugs you to sleepi can't say enough about the comfort of casper for both me and my wife. i have had the mattress for 1 year now and did not want to include any unintentional bias in my review.…continue readingmaxcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerstanchfield, mnreview of prior model (the casper mattress).pretty good actually!great delivery and packaging. great presentation of information packet as box is opened. very impressed! we primarily tried casper because with our previous mattress, it was noisy…continue readingk and r dobsoncheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownercanton, ohreview of prior model (the casper mattress).compare the mattresseschat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask away.100% satisfaction guaranteed*rest easy on your mattress with a 100-night trial, free shipping, free returns, and a 10-year limited warranty.learn more.book a virtual appointmentget help finding the perfect mattress with a sleep specialist from one of our stores.book virtual appointment.chat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask away.100% satisfaction guaranteed*rest easy on your mattress with a 100-night trial, free shipping, free returns, and a 10-year limited warranty.learn more.book a virtual appointmentget help finding the perfect mattress with a sleep specialist from one of our stores.book virtual appointment.chat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask away.100% satisfaction guaranteed*rest easy on your mattress with a 100-night trial, free shipping, free returns, and a 10-year limited warranty.learn more.book a virtual appointmentget help finding the perfect mattress with a sleep specialist from one of our stores.book virtual appointment.*select products ineligible for free shipping where indicated. additional shipping fees apply to ak, hi, yukon, nunavut, and n.w.t. see termswhy casper?superior coolingour unique perforated foams create a cooling system so effective, you won’t be awake to notice.superior supportzoned support™ and gel pods help align your spine so comfortably, aches and pains don’t stand a chance. superior sleep75% of casper sleepers say they experience deeper sleep after sleeping on our mattresses.**based on a randomized survey of casper mattress product owners conducted in january 2020why casper?group 16created with sketch.replaysuperior coolingour unique perforated foams create a cooling system so effective, you won’t be awake to notice.superior supportzoned support™ and gel pods help align your spine so comfortably, aches and pains don’t stand a chance. superior sleep75% of casper sleepers say they experience deeper sleep after sleeping on our mattresses.**based on a randomized survey of casper mattress product owners conducted in january 2020more to snooze on.pillowsfind the pillow of your dreams.shop pillowsbeddingthe softest sheets at a cozy price.shop beddinggiftssomething for every sleeper on your list.shop giftsa little extra comfort to support our casper dreamersour response to covid-19the safety of you and our communities is our priority. learn more about what we’re doing and a special discount for our healthcare workers.learn morelearn morecasper rest stopour digital pop-up shop is now open! shop limited-edition, cozy merch.shop nowshop nowmeet our sleepy followers.bellwether house@bellwetherhousesarah keast@hypekeastkristi@kbfuturemdmenswear dog@mensweardogmicaela hoo@michaelahoopaige miller@paiglitmenswear dog@mensweardogthe minted mama@themintedmama audrey glass@audreylglassmatt barkley@mattbarkleyelle quote“decadently soft and comfortably cooling.”*mashable quote“casper is continuing its domination of the online mattress industry with a whole new generation of mattresses.”*rolling stone quote"a massive purveyor of sleep products in just six years of existence."good housekeeping quote"the most purchased online mattress brand."popsugar quote"if you're in the market for a new mattress, you just can't go wrong here."*casper has certain affiliate advertising relationships with the above noted publications.are you readyto snuggle up?shop our mattressesproductsmattressespillowsbed framesadjustable bed framessheetsduvetsweighted blanketglow lightdog bedbundlesshop by sizetwintwin xlfullqueenkingcal kingsize guidesupportcontact usfaqreturnstrialwarrantyfinancingaboutour storycasper labsstoresjobspressfollow casperinvestorsresourcesreviewscompare mattressesmattress salecasper promoscasper upgrade programrefer & earntrade & commercialblogcasper vs. competitionsign up for the latest snoozesubmitplease enter a valid email address.thanks! you've signed up successfully.facebook iconcasper on facebooktwitter iconcasper on twitterinstagram iconcasper on instagrampinterest iconvisit casper on pinterestlinkedin iconcasper on linkedinyoutube iconcasper on youtube+1 888.498.0003us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)united statesarrowdown pointing arrow© 2020privacytermsaccessibilitysitemapdo not sell my personal informationyour cartclosecloseyour cart is emptyshop nowclosewhiteglove icona hand catching some zzzsfast, free shipping*your order will ship via ups in 2-3 business days — for free!once your product ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number.* free shipping excludes alaska, hawaii, yukon territory, northwest territory and nunavutclosehand*offer expires 1/4/21 at 11:59pm pt. excludes the element mattress, the glow light, bundles and sale items. limit one offer per customer and order. please see casper.com/terms for additional terms & conditions.closethe adjustable proindulge in extreme comfort.customize your setup with pressure-relieving positions, time-saving presets, a pre-sleep massage that lulls you to sleep and more.zero-gravity position relieves pressureanti-snore position prevents snoringheadrest tilt functionmassage feature under-bed lightswall-aligning technologywireless remote controlrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns20 year limited warranty*availability may vary by delivery postal codeclosewhich setup is right for you?basicour foundation + metal bed frame offer sturdy support for your casper mattress.stylishchoose between haven, repose, or our upholstered bed frame for a warm bedroom look.adjustablewant to customize your position for ultimate comfort? try one of our adjustable frames.see all framesalready have a frame?if you have a frame at home, make sure you use a firm, non-spring foundation or a bed frame with slats that are less than 4 inches apart. any other kind of box spring or bed frame won't give your foam mattress the support it needs. we also don't recommend putting your mattress directly on the floor.closewhat you need to know about hybridsadded supportan added layer of resilient springs provides extra support for back, belly, and side sleepers of all sizes.extra lift and bouncehundreds of individual springs make hybrids more responsive. your body will feel elevated and afloat, rather than sinking in.added airfloweach coil lets body heat circulate out to keep you cool through the night.more durablesay goodbye to sagging. the added layer of sturdy springs extends the lifespan of your mattress for many years to come.closeupholstered bed framewe’ve found your soft spot.made of sturdy wood and steelwrapped in three custom woven textilesfeatures a 2-inch perimetereasy one-tool assemblyno box spring or foundation required30 night trial, free shipping and returns5 year limited warrantyclosepaulcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerdubuque, iathe best mattress i've ever slept on, no kidding!from the delivery of the box to the magical unfolding of the king size mattress to the first time laying on the bed, all smiles here! i have traveled for work for years, often sleeping on different beds at different hotels night after night. none of those beds compare to our casper mattress and i've probably tried them all. every time i climb into bed i smile and tell my wife i love our mattress. i think you will love it too.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closemary lou gcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerel dorado hills, cabest investment we've ever madebought a mattress 5 years ago specifically for back problems. over the past year woke up daily with hip and back pain. literally crawling out of bed. our son and his wife have a casper. we slept on it for two nights and i woke up with no pain! immediately went home and ordered online figuring we had 100 days to try it out. it's been 30 days and no amount of money could make us part with this mattress! hip, back pain gone. we don't \"roll\" into each other anymore. great night's sleep. it's the best investment you can make. you won't be sorry. i don't usually write reviews but had no problem writing one for casper. a great product at a great price.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closesusancheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownermontgomery, mohallelujah!!!!we bought a new (not casper) mattress two years ago, and my husband detested it. he woke up with multiple aches and pains and in a terrible grump each morning. it was awful! our daughter bought a casper at christmas and persuaded us to try one, stressing that, with the refund guarantee, we really had nothing to lose. hallelujah!!! the husband now wakes up pain-free and smiling. i can't thank casper enough for a wonderful night's sleep, a happy morning, and a saved marriage. 😄. the mattress opening is hilarious and an event in itself . do not undo anything until you're absolutely ready: it like a giant inflating marshmallow and a wonder to behold.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closesonja kintercheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerphillipsburg, ksbest sleep in years!!here goes..... my husband has wanted another brand of foam mattress for the past 10 years and i thought it was overpriced and too firm and my friend said it was hot to sleep on. when we started hearing the ads on satellite radio about casper we checked it out and thought if we can return it after 100 nights it's worth a try. we've had a w hotel mattress (good, but also very pricey) and then a restonic in the past but after 1 night on the casper we were both sold!!! a month later, my husband's problem with numbness in his arm at night and my hip pain that would wake me is gone and we both wake up feeling rested and ready to take on our day! it literally takes 20 minutes to setup and your ready to sleep. we love it and tell all our friends and family they should try one for themselves! it will be what we purchase for the guest room when needed.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closemaxcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerstanchfield, mnthis mattress literally hugs you to sleepi can't say enough about the comfort of casper for both me and my wife. i have had the mattress for 1 year now and did not want to include any unintentional bias in my review. therefore i needed undisputed evidence and now i have it. my wife and i went on holiday travel to almost every friend and relative we have (aka a lot of foreign bedtime). when we returned it was literally the best thing to makeup in our casper after a complete, deep, and restoring sleep. i attribute it 100% to casper and can't thank the company enough for the great product and support (punny).review of prior model (the casper mattress).closek and r dobsoncheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownercanton, ohpretty good actually!great delivery and packaging. great presentation of information packet as box is opened. very impressed! we primarily tried casper because with our previous mattress, it was noisy when we turned over during the night.. this consistently woke up my husband. not good... with our casper he says he doesn't hear me roll over or even get out of bed during the night! yay! it does feel sort of firm to me, but i'm sure that will slacken over time. thanks - it's a keeper!review of prior model (the casper mattress).closethe foundationa supportive alternative to the box spring.our strong and level foundation serves the same function as a box spring, but offers better support and height for your mattress. paired with a bed frame, will help your mattress perform at its peak for a decade or more.engineered with solid woodstands up to years of useeasy to assemble30 night trial and free shipping and returns5 year limited warrantyrequires a bed frame, and works with most standard framesclosethe adjustablefind your perfect position.raise your head, feet, or both to get comfortable and rest easy.wireless remote controlzero-gravity position relieves pressure on your bodyanti-snore position prevents snoringsaves your favorite positionssplit king option to control your side of the bedrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns20 year limited warranty