来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231200945/https://casper.com/casper-vs-purple/
================================================================================

casper vs purple: mattress comparison | casper® skip to main contentclosemattressesarrowdown pointing arrowpillowsarrowdown pointing arrowbed framesarrowdown pointing arrowbeddingarrowdown pointing arrowaccessories & giftsarrowdown pointing arrowbundlesarrowdown pointing arrowholiday dealssale1.888.498.0003reviewsfind a storeblogaccountget $75arrowdown pointing arrowbackmattresseswave hybrid10% offnova hybrid10% offoriginal10% offsee all mattressestake our mattress quizoriginal mattress10% offfrom $595. the perfect balance of support and cooling.arrowdown pointing arrowbackpillowsoriginal casper pillowfoam pillowdown pillowhybrid pillownewhug body pillownewbackrest pillownewsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillowa down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbed framesrise adjustable bed framesnewplatform bedupholstered bed framefoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed framesee all bed framescasper havenwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbeddingsheets & pillowcasesnewduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsnewmattress protectorsweighted blanketmattress toppersee all beddinghyperlite™ sheetsnewthe coolest sheets you’ll ever meet.arrowdown pointing arrowbackaccessories & giftsglow lightglow night lightnewquilts, blankets, and throwsnewdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setnewmattress toppersee all giftsaccessories & giftsshop pillows, sheets, blankets, and more.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.canada (english)united statescanada (français)us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesarrowdown pointing arrowmattressesmattressesmattresseswave hybrid10% offnova hybrid10% offoriginal10% offsee all mattressestake our mattress quizoriginal mattress10% offfrom $595. the perfect balance of support and cooling.pillowspillowspillowsoriginal casper pillowfoam pillowdown pillowhybrid pillownewhug body pillownewbackrest pillownewsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillowa down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.bed framesbed framesbed framesrise adjustable bed framesnewplatform bedupholstered bed framefoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed framesee all bed framescasper havenwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.beddingbeddingbeddingsheets & pillowcasesnewduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsnewmattress protectorsweighted blanketmattress toppersee all beddinghyperlite™ sheetsnewthe coolest sheets you’ll ever meet.accessories & giftsaccessories & giftsaccessories & giftsglow lightglow night lightnewquilts, blankets, and throwsnewdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setnewmattress toppersee all giftsaccessories & giftsshop pillows, sheets, blankets, and more.bundlesbundlesbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.holiday dealssalestoresstoresvisit usexplore casper sleep shopsfind a store near youfind a storecasper sleep shopsswing by one of our sleep shops, where sleep specialists can help you find the perfect mattress, share sleep knowledge and answer your questions about snooze.closecasper vs purple:let's put it to restcasper vs purple:let's put it to restcasper vs purple:let's put it to restcheck out this comparison of casper vs. purple to get an idea of the key features that set casper apart from our competitors.check out this comparison of casper vs. purple to get an idea of the key features that set casper apart from our competitors.check out this comparison of casper vs. purple to get an idea of the key features that set casper apart from our competitors.shop mattressesoverviewcasper — better sleep, better buyour mattresses provide exceptional pressure relief, support, and cooling to over 1,000,000 happy sleepers. with innovative materials and design, casper mattresses are meticulously human-engineered and designed with recycled polyester and upcycled cotton. purple — breaking down the gridpurple mattresses are made with their grid™ technology, which is a solid polymer material that provides no obvious variation. compared to casper’s original mattress, the purple mattress is more expensive and lacks zoned support that improves ergonomics.casper — better sleep, better buyour mattresses provide exceptional pressure relief, support, and cooling to over 1,000,000 happy sleepers. with innovative materials and design, casper mattresses are meticulously human-engineered and designed with recycled polyester and upcycled cotton. purple — breaking down the gridpurple mattresses are made with their grid™ technology, which is a solid polymer material that provides no obvious variation. compared to casper’s original mattress, the purple mattress is more expensive and lacks zoned support that improves ergonomics.casper — better sleep, better buyour mattresses provide exceptional pressure relief, support, and cooling to over 1,000,000 happy sleepers. with innovative materials and design, casper mattresses are meticulously human-engineered and designed with recycled polyester and upcycled cotton. purple — breaking down the gridpurple mattresses are made with their grid™ technology, which is a solid polymer material that provides no obvious variation. compared to casper’s original mattress, the purple mattress is more expensive and lacks zoned support that improves ergonomics.pricingcasper — prices that won’t keep you upour most popular “original mattress” starts at $595 for a twin. it’s then $695 for a twin xl, $995 for a full, $1,095 for a queen, and $1,295 for both king and california king.purple — paying for polymerthe original purple mattress starts at $599 for a twin. it then goes up to $799 for a twin xl, $999 for a full, $1,149 for a queen, and $1,449 for both king and california king.*casper — prices that won’t keep you upour most popular “original mattress” starts at $595 for a twin. it’s then $695 for a twin xl, $995 for a full, $1,095 for a queen, and $1,295 for both king and california king.purple — paying for polymerthe original purple mattress starts at $599 for a twin. it then goes up to $799 for a twin xl, $999 for a full, $1,149 for a queen, and $1,449 for both king and california king.*casper — prices that won’t keep you upour most popular “original mattress” starts at $595 for a twin. it’s then $695 for a twin xl, $995 for a full, $1,095 for a queen, and $1,295 for both king and california king.purple — paying for polymerthe original purple mattress starts at $599 for a twin. it then goes up to $799 for a twin xl, $999 for a full, $1,149 for a queen, and $1,449 for both king and california king.**source: purple.com based on prices on 01/08/2021. prices based on comparison of the casper original mattress and the purple mattress.constructioncasper — 100% edge-to-edge comfort the casper comfort layers cover the full surface of the mattress, extending edge-to-edge, both head-to-toe and side-to-side, providing comfort and great sleep no matter your sleeping position.purple — grid only goes so far with large perimeter borders of low-cost, low-grade foam, the grid only covers 72% of the surface sleeping area. why pay so much for so little?casper — 100% edge-to-edge comfort the casper comfort layers cover the full surface of the mattress, extending edge-to-edge, both head-to-toe and side-to-side, providing comfort and great sleep no matter your sleeping position.purple — grid only goes so far with large perimeter borders of low-cost, low-grade foam, the grid only covers 72% of the surface sleeping area. why pay so much for so little?casper — 100% edge-to-edge comfort the casper comfort layers cover the full surface of the mattress, extending edge-to-edge, both head-to-toe and side-to-side, providing comfort and great sleep no matter your sleeping position.purple — grid only goes so far with large perimeter borders of low-cost, low-grade foam, the grid only covers 72% of the surface sleeping area. why pay so much for so little?thermalcasper — cool as a breezeprecision drilled perforations and highly breathable foams of the casper airscape™ system are designed to allow for fresh air to cool you all night long.purple — non-breathable polymers purple's grid is made of non-breathable polymers that can reduce air circulation, which may cause sweating and overheating.casper — cool as a breezeprecision drilled perforations and highly breathable foams of the casper airscape™ system are designed to allow for fresh air to cool you all night long.purple — non-breathable polymers purple's grid is made of non-breathable polymers that can reduce air circulation, which may cause sweating and overheating.casper — cool as a breezeprecision drilled perforations and highly breathable foams of the casper airscape™ system are designed to allow for fresh air to cool you all night long.purple — non-breathable polymers purple's grid is made of non-breathable polymers that can reduce air circulation, which may cause sweating and overheating.ergonomicscasper — built for your bodyzonedsupport™ provides variable softness and support, designed to keep your body in a healthy and natural sleeping position.purple — uniformly uncomfortablewith no obvious variation head to toe, the grid may not adapt to your body, your curves or your needs.casper — built for your bodyzonedsupport™ provides variable softness and support, designed to keep your body in a healthy and natural sleeping position.purple — uniformly uncomfortablewith no obvious variation head to toe, the grid may not adapt to your body, your curves or your needs.casper — built for your bodyzonedsupport™ provides variable softness and support, designed to keep your body in a healthy and natural sleeping position.purple — uniformly uncomfortablewith no obvious variation head to toe, the grid may not adapt to your body, your curves or your needs. sustainabilitycasper — conscious materialsupcycled cotton and recycled polyester fabric are just a few of the many things casper does to make a positive impact on the planet.purple — powdered nights the grid has an application of powder to prevent it from sticking to itself. we prefer our powder on the slopes.casper — conscious materialsupcycled cotton and recycled polyester fabric are just a few of the many things casper does to make a positive impact on the planet.purple — powdered nights the grid has an application of powder to prevent it from sticking to itself. we prefer our powder on the slopes.casper — conscious materialsupcycled cotton and recycled polyester fabric are just a few of the many things casper does to make a positive impact on the planet.purple — powdered nights the grid has an application of powder to prevent it from sticking to itself. we prefer our powder on the slopes.shop mattressescasper vs purple — which is better?both the casper original mattress and purple mattress are built for all types of sleepers, with cooling features to regulate body temperature throughout the night. use our guide above to determine what features are most valuable to you. are you looking for a sustainable mattress? a mattress that supports your upper body and spine so you wake up feeling well rested? it’s safe to say that if you’re looking for a more comfy, sustainable and affordable mattress, casper is likely your best bet. but don’t take our word for it! learn why over 1,000,000 happy sleepers chose casper. to learn more about casper vs competiton, take a look at our following articles: casper vs nectarcasper vs leesacasper vs tuft & needlecasper vs tempurpediccasper financing optionscasper partners with affirm to provide financing options, offering over 3-24 months payment plans based on creditworthiness and purchase amount. you can pre-qualify in minutes, you’ll know exactly what you owe, and you can sleep worry free knowing that we’ll give you a 100 nights trial (with a 30-night adjustment period) to fall in love with your mattress.pay as low as $61/mo at 0% apr* withpay as low as $61/moat 0% apr* withprequalify nowsee why people sleep better with casperfilter reviews by mattress:original mattressoriginal mattressnova hybrid mattresswave hybrid mattressarrowdown pointing arroworiginal mattressnova hybrid mattresswave hybrid mattressoriginal mattressnova hybrid mattresswave hybrid mattressthe best mattress i've ever slept on, no kidding!from the delivery of the box to the magical unfolding of the king size mattress to the first time laying on the bed, all smiles here! i have traveled for work for years, often…continue readingpaulcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerdubuque, iareview of prior model (the casper mattress).best investment we've ever madebought a mattress 5 years ago specifically for back problems. over the past year woke up daily with hip and back pain. literally crawling out of bed. our son and his wife have a…continue readingmary lou gcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerel dorado hills, careview of prior model (the casper mattress).hallelujah!!!!we bought a new (not casper) mattress two years ago, and my husband detested it. he woke up with multiple aches and pains and in a terrible grump each morning. it was awful! our…continue readingsusancheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownermontgomery, moreview of prior model (the casper mattress).best sleep in years!!here goes..... my husband has wanted another brand of foam mattress for the past 10 years and i thought it was overpriced and too firm and my friend said it was hot to sleep on.…continue readingsonja kintercheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerphillipsburg, ksreview of prior model (the casper mattress).this mattress literally hugs you to sleepi can't say enough about the comfort of casper for both me and my wife. i have had the mattress for 1 year now and did not want to include any unintentional bias in my review.…continue readingmaxcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerstanchfield, mnreview of prior model (the casper mattress).pretty good actually!great delivery and packaging. great presentation of information packet as box is opened. very impressed! we primarily tried casper because with our previous mattress, it was noisy…continue readingk and r dobsoncheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownercanton, ohreview of prior model (the casper mattress).compare the mattressesour research and development team spends their waking hours dreaming up ways to make you sleep better.prototyping and testing machinesproduct tests (not counting snoozes)researchers, scientists, and engineersproduct iterationsready for bed?you've made it all the way down here...see our mattressessee our mattressesproductsmattressespillowsbed framesadjustable bed framessheetsduvetsweighted blanketglow lightdog bedbundlesshop by sizetwintwin xlfullqueenkingcal kingsize guidesupportcontact usfaqreturnstrialwarrantyfinancingprotection planaboutour storycasper labsstoresjobspressfollow casperinvestorstrade & commercialbetter sleep, better youresourcesblack friday salereviewsmattress salecasper promoscasper upgrade programrefer & earnblogcasper vs. competitionmattress quizsign up for the latest snoozesubmitplease enter a valid email address.thanks! you've signed up successfully.facebook iconcasper on facebooktwitter iconcasper on twitterinstagram iconcasper on instagrampinterest iconvisit casper on pinterestlinkedin iconcasper on linkedinyoutube iconcasper on youtube+1 888.498.0003us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)united statesarrowdown pointing arrow© 2021privacytermsaccessibilitysitemapdo not sell my personal informationyour cartclosecloseyour cart is emptyshop nowclosewhiteglove icona hand catching some zzzsfast, free shipping*your order will ship via ups in 2-3 business days — for free!once your product ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number.* free shipping excludes alaska, hawaii, yukon territory, northwest territory and nunavutclosepaulcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerdubuque, iathe best mattress i've ever slept on, no kidding!from the delivery of the box to the magical unfolding of the king size mattress to the first time laying on the bed, all smiles here! i have traveled for work for years, often sleeping on different beds at different hotels night after night. none of those beds compare to our casper mattress and i've probably tried them all. every time i climb into bed i smile and tell my wife i love our mattress. i think you will love it too.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closemary lou gcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerel dorado hills, cabest investment we've ever madebought a mattress 5 years ago specifically for back problems. over the past year woke up daily with hip and back pain. literally crawling out of bed. our son and his wife have a casper. we slept on it for two nights and i woke up with no pain! immediately went home and ordered online figuring we had 100 days to try it out. it's been 30 days and no amount of money could make us part with this mattress! hip, back pain gone. we don't \"roll\" into each other anymore. great night's sleep. it's the best investment you can make. you won't be sorry. i don't usually write reviews but had no problem writing one for casper. a great product at a great price.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closerise pro adjustable basecustomize your comfort.customize your sleep setup with pressure-relieving positions, a comforting massage feature, and more.drop-in option — compatible with most bed frameshead tiltfoot tiltall the way flat2 programmable memory buttonswireless remote3 leg-height optionszero gravity feature — promotes muscle recuperationanti-snore feature — reduces pressure on your airway2-zone massageusb portrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns10 year limited warrantyclosewhich setup is right for you?basicour foundation + metal bed frame offer sturdy support for your casper mattress.stylishchoose between haven, repose, or our upholstered bed frame for a warm bedroom look.adjustablewant to customize your position for ultimate comfort? try one of our adjustable frames.see all framesalready have a frame?if you have a frame at home, make sure you use a firm, non-spring foundation or a bed frame with slats that are less than 4 inches apart. any other kind of box spring or bed frame won't give your foam mattress the support it needs. we also don't recommend putting your mattress directly on the floor.closewhat you need to know about hybridsadded supportan added layer of resilient springs provides extra support for back, belly, and side sleepers of all sizes.extra lift and bouncehundreds of individual springs make hybrids more responsive. your body will feel elevated and afloat, rather than sinking in.added airfloweach coil lets body heat circulate out to keep you cool through the night.more durablesay goodbye to sagging. the added layer of sturdy springs extends the lifespan of your mattress for many years to come.closefoundation + metal bed framea supportive alternative to the box spring with an easy-to-assemble frame.our strong and level foundation serves the same function as a box spring, but offers better support and height for your mattress. the durable and sturdy metal bed frame pairs with the foundation and any casper mattress to create a perfect sleep setup.why you’ll love it:the foundation is engineered with solid wood and the metal bed frame is made of 100% recycled steel for durable, sturdy supportstands up to years of useeasy to assemblerest assured.30 night trial, free shipping and returns2 year limited furniture warrantyclosethe foundationa supportive alternative to the box spring.our strong and level foundation serves the same function as a box spring, but offers better support and height for your mattress. when paired with a bed frame, it helps your mattress perform at its peak for a decade or more.engineered with solid woodstands up to years of useeasy to assemblerequires a bed frame, and works with most standard framesclosewaterproof mattress protectoreverything-proof your mattress.keep your mattress looking and feeling brand new by guarding against dirt, spills, and normal wear and tear.why you’ll love it:guards your mattress from spills, dirt, and more.waterproof layer keeps your mattress dry and comfy.perfectly hugs any mattress up to 16 in deepquiet materials protect your mattress without sacrificing comfort.rest assured.30 night trial, free shipping and returns1 year limited mattress protector warrantycloseupholstered bed framewe’ve found your soft spot.made of sturdy wood and steelwrapped in three custom woven textilesfeatures a 2-inch perimetereasy one-tool assemblyno box spring or foundation required30 night trial, free shipping and returns5 year limited warrantyclosesusancheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownermontgomery, mohallelujah!!!!we bought a new (not casper) mattress two years ago, and my husband detested it. he woke up with multiple aches and pains and in a terrible grump each morning. it was awful! our daughter bought a casper at christmas and persuaded us to try one, stressing that, with the refund guarantee, we really had nothing to lose. hallelujah!!! the husband now wakes up pain-free and smiling. i can't thank casper enough for a wonderful night's sleep, a happy morning, and a saved marriage. 😄. the mattress opening is hilarious and an event in itself . do not undo anything until you're absolutely ready: it like a giant inflating marshmallow and a wonder to behold.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closesonja kintercheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerphillipsburg, ksbest sleep in years!!here goes..... my husband has wanted another brand of foam mattress for the past 10 years and i thought it was overpriced and too firm and my friend said it was hot to sleep on. when we started hearing the ads on satellite radio about casper we checked it out and thought if we can return it after 100 nights it's worth a try. we've had a w hotel mattress (good, but also very pricey) and then a restonic in the past but after 1 night on the casper we were both sold!!! a month later, my husband's problem with numbness in his arm at night and my hip pain that would wake me is gone and we both wake up feeling rested and ready to take on our day! it literally takes 20 minutes to setup and your ready to sleep. we love it and tell all our friends and family they should try one for themselves! it will be what we purchase for the guest room when needed.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closemaxcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerstanchfield, mnthis mattress literally hugs you to sleepi can't say enough about the comfort of casper for both me and my wife. i have had the mattress for 1 year now and did not want to include any unintentional bias in my review. therefore i needed undisputed evidence and now i have it. my wife and i went on holiday travel to almost every friend and relative we have (aka a lot of foreign bedtime). when we returned it was literally the best thing to makeup in our casper after a complete, deep, and restoring sleep. i attribute it 100% to casper and can't thank the company enough for the great product and support (punny).review of prior model (the casper mattress).closek and r dobsoncheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownercanton, ohpretty good actually!great delivery and packaging. great presentation of information packet as box is opened. very impressed! we primarily tried casper because with our previous mattress, it was noisy when we turned over during the night.. this consistently woke up my husband. not good... with our casper he says he doesn't hear me roll over or even get out of bed during the night! yay! it does feel sort of firm to me, but i'm sure that will slacken over time. thanks - it's a keeper!review of prior model (the casper mattress).closecompare bed framesrise max adjustable baseoriginally starting at $1,695for people looking for a personalized sleep setup with luxurious features.full suite of customizable features for a personalized sleep setup.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.wall-aligning technology keeps everything you need within reach.personalized presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsrise pro adjustable baseoriginally starting at $995for people looking for an elevated sleep setup with customizable features.offers flexibility to cater your individual sleep needs.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.customizable presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsmetal bed frame + foundationoriginally starting at $365for people looking for sturdy support and simple setup.no-tool, easy assemblyfoundation slats perfectly spaced to support for your casper mattress for yearsno-tool, easy assemblymade of 100% recycled steel, providing durable and sturdy support.see more detailsclosecompare mattresseswave hybridoriginally starting at $1,495for those who have aches and pains and want maximum support with cooling features.coolingairscape™ 3 + cooling geltop perforated foam layer increases airflow + 2 layers to keep you cool all night.a thin coating of cooling gel.supportzoned support™ max + gel podscontinuous ergonomic zones for full-body relief.softer foam around the shoulders provides more relief to the upper body.gel pods under the waist and lower back for healthy spine alignment.see more detailsnova hybridoriginally starting at $1,095for those who want a plush top layer without sacrificing support and cooling.coolingairscape™ 2a top layer of perforated foams increases airflow + 1 layer to keep you comfortably cool.supportzoned support™ pro3 zones of targeted support help with healthy spinal alignment.4 more zones of support add more pressure relief under shoulders and support under the waist.see more detailscloserise adjustable basemake yourself comfortable.enhance your sleep setup with essential features to help you find the perfect position for sleeping or relaxing.drop-in option — compatible with most bed frameshead tiltfoot tilt all the way flatprogrammable memory buttonwireless remote1 leg-height optionzero gravity feature — promotes muscle recuperationrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns10 year limited warrantycloserise max adjustable baseyour one-of-a-kind sleep setup.set yourself up for your best rest with luxurious features for ultimate comfort.drop-in option — compatible with most bed framesneck tilthead tiltfoot tiltall the way flat2 programmable memory buttonswireless remote3 leg-height optionszero gravity feature — promotes muscle recuperationanti-snore feature — reduces pressure on your airwayusb port4-zone massageunderbed lightingrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns10 year limited warranty