来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231200945/https://casper.com/mattresses/
================================================================================

shop the best mattresses online (2021) | casper® skip to main contentcloseartboardmattressesarrowdown pointing arrowpillowsarrowdown pointing arrowbed framesarrowdown pointing arrowbeddingarrowdown pointing arrowgiftsarrowdown pointing arrowbundlesarrowdown pointing arrowholiday dealssale1.888.498.0003reviewsfind a storeblogaccountget $75arrowdown pointing arrowbackmattresseswave hybrid15% offnova hybrid15% offoriginal10% offsee all mattressestake our mattress quizoriginal mattress10% offfrom $595. the perfect balance of support and cooling.arrowdown pointing arrowbackpillowsoriginal casper pillowfoam pillowdown pillowhybrid pillownewhug body pillownewbackrest pillownewsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillow10% offa down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbed framesrise adjustable bed framesnewplatform bedupholstered bed framefoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed framesee all bed framescasper haven10% offwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbeddingsheets & pillowcasesnewduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsnewmattress protectorsweighted blanketsee all beddinghyperlite™ sheets10% offnew! the coolest sheets you’ll ever meet.arrowdown pointing arrowbackgiftsnewglow lightglow night lightnewquilts, blankets, and throwsnewdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setnewweighted blanketsee all giftsseason’s sleepingsexplore our holiday collection.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.canada (english)united statescanada (français)us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesarrowdown pointing arrowmattressesmattressesmattresseswave hybrid15% offnova hybrid15% offoriginal10% offsee all mattressestake our mattress quizoriginal mattress10% offfrom $595. the perfect balance of support and cooling.pillowspillowspillowsoriginal casper pillowfoam pillowdown pillowhybrid pillownewhug body pillownewbackrest pillownewsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillow10% offa down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.bed framesbed framesbed framesrise adjustable bed framesnewplatform bedupholstered bed framefoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed framesee all bed framescasper haven10% offwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.beddingbeddingbeddingsheets & pillowcasesnewduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsnewmattress protectorsweighted blanketsee all beddinghyperlite™ sheets10% offnew! the coolest sheets you’ll ever meet.giftsgiftsgiftsnewglow lightglow night lightnewquilts, blankets, and throwsnewdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setnewweighted blanketsee all giftsseason’s sleepingsexplore our holiday collection.bundlesbundlesbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.holiday dealssaleartboardvisit usexplore casper sleep shopsfind a store near youfind a storecasper sleep shopsswing by one of our sleep shops, where sleep specialists can help you find the perfect mattress, share sleep knowledge and answer your questions about snooze.artboardclosetruckfree, no-contact delivery*vp-bar100-night risk-free trial*77ca7f4d-d6ef-4b11-88c4-73c8931b6107created with sketchtool.as low as 0% apr financing*new year's salenew year's salenew year's saleup to 15% off mattresses*up to 15% off mattresses*up to 15% off mattresses**exclusions apply. see terms.advanced supportclosewave hybridfrom $1,356$1,595available in 6 sizeswave hybridavailable in 6 sizesquick viewwave hybridsize: 60" w x 80" l x 13" hqueen$2,290.75$2,695twin - $1,355.75twin xl - $1,865.75full - $2,163.25queen - $2,290.75king - $2,800.75cal king - $2,800.75arrowdown pointing arrowtwin$1,355.75$1,595twin xl$1,865.75$2,195full$2,163.25$2,545queen$2,290.75$2,695king$2,800.75$3,295cal king$2,800.75$3,295ready to ship | free shipping & returns?your order is expected to arrive within 3-9 business days with our carrier ups. covid-19-related shipping challenges include increases in package volume, which may impact shipment transit times and forecasted delivery dates. in-home delivery and setup orders typically take 1-3 weeks after the ship date to schedule.in alaska or hawaii? additional shipping costs apply. learn more at checkoutadd advanced cooling:snow technology+$425our most advanced solution for nighttime overheating.learn moreadd to cartmost plushclosenova hybridfrom $1,016$1,195available in 6 sizesnova hybridavailable in 6 sizesquick viewnova hybridsize: 60" w x 80" l x 12" hqueen$1,780.75$2,095twin - $1,015.75twin xl - $1,355.75full - $1,653.25queen - $1,780.75king - $2,290.75cal king - $2,290.75arrowdown pointing arrowtwin$1,015.75$1,195twin xl$1,355.75$1,595full$1,653.25$1,945queen$1,780.75$2,095king$2,290.75$2,695cal king$2,290.75$2,695ready to ship | free shipping & returns?your order is expected to arrive within 3-9 business days with our carrier ups. covid-19-related shipping challenges include increases in package volume, which may impact shipment transit times and forecasted delivery dates.in alaska or hawaii? additional shipping costs apply. learn more at checkoutadd advanced cooling:snow technology+$425our most advanced solution for nighttime overheating.learn moreadd to cartmost popularcloseoriginalfrom $626$695available in 6 sizesoriginalavailable in 6 sizesquick vieworiginalsize: 60" w x 80" l x 11" hqueen$985.50$1,095twin - $625.50twin xl - $715.50full - $895.50queen - $985.50king - $1,345.50cal king - $1,345.50arrowdown pointing arrowtwin$625.50$695twin xl$715.50$795full$895.50$995queen$985.50$1,095king$1,345.50$1,495cal king$1,345.50$1,495ready to ship | free shipping & returns?your order is expected to arrive within 3-9 business days with our carrier ups. covid-19-related shipping challenges include increases in package volume, which may impact shipment transit times and forecasted delivery dates.in alaska or hawaii? additional shipping costs apply. learn more at checkoutchoose your material:all-foamhybridadd to cartcomfort under $400closeelementfrom $395.00available in 6 sizeselementavailable in 6 sizesquick viewelementsize: 60" w x 80" l x 10" hqueenout of stocktwin - out of stocktwin xl - out of stockfull - out of stockqueen - out of stockking - out of stockcal king - out of stockarrowdown pointing arrowtwinout of stocktwin xlout of stockfullout of stockqueenout of stockkingout of stockcal kingout of stockadd to cartour most supportive mattress to help ease aches and pains.our softest mattress with support where you need it most.our most popular mattress, with balanced support and cooling.casper comfort at a cozy price.hybridhybrid snownewsupportcoolingzoned support™ max + gel podscontinuous ergonomic zones for maximum support and full-body relief.a unique 3d foam shaping system that gently sinks shoulders for optimal spinal alignment.up to 86 gel pods cradle waist and lower back for even more ergonomic support.hybrid baseresilient springs add extra lift, support, and airflow.hybridhybrid snownewsupportcoolingzoned support™ pro7 zones of targeted support help with healthy spinal alignment.softer under shoulders for pressure relief; firmer under the waist and lower back for support.hybrid baseresilient springs add extra lift, support, and airflow.all-foamhybridsupportcoolingzoned support™3 zones of targeted support for proper spinal alignment.foam basethe durable base is engineered to prevent sinking and sagging while supporting your whole body.all-foamsupportcoolingfoam basethe durable base is engineered to prevent sinking and sagging.shop wave hybridshop nova hybridshop originalshop elementmeet your perfect mattress.find your perfect match with a few easy questions. take the quiztake the quizseason’s sleepings discover the magic of our holiday collection. learn morelearn morebefore you buywhat goes under your mattressmake sure you use a firm, non-spring foundation or a bed frame with slats that are less than 4 inches apart to ensure proper support. need a new setup? we’ve got you.size mattersall of our mattresses come in six standard sizes and fit regular sheets. queen and king are the most popular picks, and cal king is great for taller sleepers.worried about overheating?sleeping hot is a common issue. that’s why we made snow technology available in our wave hybrid and nova hybrid mattresses. now you can sleep cool for 12+ hours.time to checkout and relax*after you buy your mattress online, we’ll ship it for free. if you’re not in love we have a 100-night trial. we’ll pick it up and give you a full refund after the 30-night adjustment period. don’t forget, we also have pillows and glow lights for your bedtime routine.*select products ineligible for free shipping where indicated. additional shipping fees apply to ak, hi, yukon, nunavut, and n.w.t. see termsbefore you buywhat goes under your mattressmake sure you use a firm, non-spring foundation or a bed frame with slats that are less than 4 inches apart to ensure proper support. need a new setup? we’ve got you.size mattersall of our mattresses come in six standard sizes and fit regular sheets. queen and king are the most popular picks, and cal king is great for taller sleepers.worried about overheating?sleeping hot is a common issue. that’s why we made snow technology available in our wave hybrid and nova hybrid mattresses. now you can sleep cool for 12+ hours.time to checkout and relax*after you buy your mattress online, we’ll ship it for free. if you’re not in love we have a 100-night trial. we’ll pick it up and give you a full refund after the 30-night adjustment period. don’t forget, we also have pillows and glow lights for your bedtime routine.*select products ineligible for free shipping where indicated. additional shipping fees apply to ak, hi, yukon, nunavut, and n.w.t. see termsneed help deciding? chat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask awaytake a test naptry out one of our mattresses in person at one of our stores.find a location near you.give us a ringour sleep specialists are here to help you find the mattress of your dreams. give us a call at+1 917.382.8157.chat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask awaytake a test naptry out one of our mattresses in person at one of our stores.find a location near you.give us a ringour sleep specialists are here to help you find the mattress of your dreams. give us a call at+1 917.382.8157.chat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask awaytake a test naptry out one of our mattresses in person at one of our stores.find a location near you.give us a ringour sleep specialists are here to help you find the mattress of your dreams. give us a call at+1 917.382.8157.experience award-winning comfort and love your tomorrow.casper has certain affiliate advertising relationships with the above publications which have no editorial influence over its reviews or awards.frequently asked questionswhat is the best mattress for you?closefinding the right mattress will depend on a few key factors: proper support and personal preference. however, your budget, ideal mattress size, and even, your sleeping position may also dictate the type of mattress you will purchase. for a good night’s sleep, casper has the best mattresses. whether you prefer a firm or soft mattress, foam or hybrid, there’s a quality casper mattress waiting for you.need help finding your perfect mattress? learn how to choose a mattress with our buying guide.which casper mattress is right for me?closeevery casper mattress is designed for comfort and support, but each has unique benefits to suit your individual sleep style and preferences. for example, hot sleepers may prioritize the benefits of snow technology in casper’s cooling mattresses. sleepers with aches and pains might look to the unmatched support of the wave hybrid, while those who are looking to upgrade to a higher quality mattress at a cozy price could consider the element mattress. if you’re not sure where to start, find a casper mattress store near you or book a virtual appointment with one of our sleep specialists to find your perfect mattress.what is a mattress in a box?closea mattress in a box is a mattress that’s compressed in an air-sealed bag and rolled tight so that it can fit into a box that’s easier to maneuver than a traditional mattress. allowing you the flexibility of picking your mattress online and having it easily delivered to your door. when you receive the mattress, all you’ll need to do is pull it out of its packaging, lay it flat, and let it expand. which mattress size is best for me?closebuying a new mattress is not a one-size-fits-all situation, so it’s essential to evaluate your individual needs. if you have a history of back pain or sleep problems, you may want a free trial period to help you make sure you’re comfortable with your new mattress. here are some major factors you will want to consider when choosing a mattress. your room sizethe amount of space available to you should be considered. a larger mattress will take up more space, so plan accordingly and ensure there is plenty of space in your bedroom for your mattress. below are the mattress sizes in square inches and square feet. twin: 2,925 sq. in./20.3 sq. ft.twin xl: 3,120 sq. in./21.7 sq. ft.full: 4,050 sq. in./28.1 sq. ft.queen: 4,800 sq. in./33.3 sq. ft.king: 6,080 sq. in./42.2 sq. ft.california king: 6,048 sq. in./42 sq. ft. your body sizeyou should take your height and width into consideration when choosing a mattress. a typical twin mattress is 75 inches tall, while a twin xl is 80 inches tall. if an individual is taller than six feet two inches, a twin mattress is probably not for them. instead, it’s best to go with the xl, full, queen, or king bed—all of which can accommodate someone who is up to 6 feet 7 inches. those that are taller than 7 feet should opt for a california king bed. for those who want more space on either side of their body, a full, queen, or king bed will be the most comfortable. your budgetthe amount of money you are willing to spend on a mattress can also help you choose the right size. buying a mattress that meets both your size needs and your financial needs is key. still unsure? check out our mattress size comparison guidewhat are hybrid mattresses?closea hybrid mattress combines the pressure relief of foam with the sturdy feel of resilient springs for added support and bounce. to learn more check out our hybrid mattresses guide.what is memory foam?closememory foam is a synthetic material known for its use in mattresses (although it’s also used in bedding, shoes, and furniture). it’s soft, durable, and heat-wicking abilities provide support for aching joints and have made it popular with sleepers of all body types and sleep styles. curious on how it works? check out our memory foam mattresses guide.how do i keep my mattress clean?closeuse protectionusing a mattress protector is a no-brainer to guard against dirt, spills, and normal wear and tear. we developed a water resistent mattress protector that conforms through the sides to keep it pristine. the best part? it won’t compromise the comfort of your bed. give it a bathwhile we don’t recommend trying to wash it yourself, there are plenty of professionals out there who can get the job done. we recommend contacting your local mattress cleaning service and scheduling a convenient home visit. keep it smelling freshto keep odors in check, air out the mattress by freeing it from the sheets and opening a few windows. for serious smell situations, consider sprinkling baking soda on the cover, then vacuuming it away before putting the sheets back on. keep out dust with fitted sheetsuse fitted sheets to protect your mattress from dust, dirt, and dead skin. this will help keep your allergies at bay and ensure that dust mites don’t find a new home. rotate your mattressalong with regular cleaning, periodically rotate your mattress head-to-foot (180°) every six months to make sure it wears evenly. there’s no need to flip a casper mattress — each layer is strategically designed for your comfort and not to be flipped.what does the mattress protection plan cover?closethe protection plan covers stains, rips, and tears from any single incident. this includes spilling coffee in bed, ink stains, and common accidents from children and pets. there’s no deductible and no limit on the number of claims you can make. that means that no matter how many times you move, or how many times you have breakfast in bed, you’ll be covered.what should i do with my old mattress when i buy a new one?closeif your old mattress is on the way out but you're not sure what to do with it, we've got some ideas! did you know that your old mattress can be recycled? before disposing of your mattress, look into your state's policies for mattress removal, as that will be the most environmentally friendly option. if you are not able to recycle it, consider donating it to a local charitable organization so that your mattress can go to someone in need. other options include reselling it, repurposing it, or throwing it away responsibly. for more information, read our guide on how to dispose of a mattress.casper logo mark>mattressesproductsmattressespillowsbed framesadjustable bed framessheetsduvetsweighted blanketglow lightdog bedbundlesshop by sizetwintwin xlfullqueenkingcal kingsize guidesupportcontact usfaqreturnstrialwarrantyfinancingprotection planaboutour storycasper labsstoresjobspressfollow casperinvestorstrade & commercialbetter sleep, better youresourcesmattress buying guidereviewsmattress salecasper promoscasper upgrade programrefer & earnblogcasper vs. competitionmattress quizsign up for the latest snoozesubmitplease enter a valid email address.thanks! you've signed up successfully.facebook iconcasper on facebooktwitter iconcasper on twitterinstagram iconcasper on instagrampinterest iconvisit casper on pinterestlinkedin iconcasper on linkedinyoutube iconcasper on youtube+1 888.498.0003us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)united statesarrowdown pointing arrow© 2021privacytermsaccessibilitysitemapdo not sell my personal informationyour cartclosecloseyour cart is emptyshop nowclosewhiteglove icona hand catching some zzzsfast, free shipping*your order will ship via ups in 2-3 business days — for free!once your product ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number.* free shipping excludes alaska, hawaii, yukon territory, northwest territory and nunavutclosehand*offer expires 1/4/22 at 11:59pm pt. excludes the casper element mattress, bundles, final sale and clearance items. casper nova hybrid mattress with snow technology and casper wave hybrid mattress with snow technology discounted 15% off. cannot be combined with another offer. offer valid only at casper.com, casper sleep shops and other participating retailers. please see casper.com/terms for additional terms & conditions.closethe foundationa supportive alternative to the box spring.our strong and level foundation serves the same function as a box spring, but offers better support and height for your mattress. when paired with a bed frame, it helps your mattress perform at its peak for a decade or more.engineered with solid woodstands up to years of useeasy to assemblerequires a bed frame, and works with most standard framesclosewaterproof mattress protectoreverything-proof your mattress.keep your mattress looking and feeling brand new by guarding against dirt, spills, and normal wear and tear.why you’ll love it:guards your mattress from spills, dirt, and more.waterproof layer keeps your mattress dry and comfy.perfectly hugs any mattress up to 16 in deepquiet materials protect your mattress without sacrificing comfort.rest assured.30 night trial, free shipping and returns1 year limited mattress protector warrantycloseupholstered bed framewe’ve found your soft spot.made of sturdy wood and steelwrapped in three custom woven textilesfeatures a 2-inch perimetereasy one-tool assemblyno box spring or foundation required30 night trial, free shipping and returns5 year limited warrantyclosecompare bed framesrise max adjustable baseoriginally starting at $1,695for people looking for a personalized sleep setup with luxurious features.full suite of customizable features for a personalized sleep setup.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.wall-aligning technology keeps everything you need within reach.personalized presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsrise pro adjustable baseoriginally starting at $995for people looking for an elevated sleep setup with customizable features.offers flexibility to cater your individual sleep needs.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.customizable presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsmetal bed frame + foundationoriginally starting at $365for people looking for sturdy support and simple setup.no-tool, easy assemblyfoundation slats perfectly spaced to support for your casper mattress for yearsno-tool, easy assemblymade of 100% recycled steel, providing durable and sturdy support.see more detailsclosecompare mattresseswave hybridoriginally starting at $1,495for those who have aches and pains and want maximum support with cooling features.coolingairscape™ 3 + cooling geltop perforated foam layer increases airflow + 2 layers to keep you cool all night.a thin coating of cooling gel.supportzoned support™ max + gel podscontinuous ergonomic zones for full-body relief.softer foam around the shoulders provides more relief to the upper body.gel pods under the waist and lower back for healthy spine alignment.see more detailsnova hybridoriginally starting at $1,095for those who want a plush top layer without sacrificing support and cooling.coolingairscape™ 2a top layer of perforated foams increases airflow + 1 layer to keep you comfortably cool.supportzoned support™ pro3 zones of targeted support help with healthy spinal alignment.4 more zones of support add more pressure relief under shoulders and support under the waist.see more detailscloserise adjustable basemake yourself comfortable.enhance your sleep setup with essential features to help you find the perfect position for sleeping or relaxing.drop-in option — compatible with most bed frameshead tiltfoot tilt all the way flatprogrammable memory buttonwireless remote1 leg-height optionzero gravity feature — promotes muscle recuperationrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns10 year limited warrantycloserise max adjustable baseyour one-of-a-kind sleep setup.set yourself up for your best rest with luxurious features for ultimate comfort.drop-in option — compatible with most bed framesneck tilthead tiltfoot tiltall the way flat2 programmable memory buttonswireless remote3 leg-height optionszero gravity feature — promotes muscle recuperationanti-snore feature — reduces pressure on your airwayusb port4-zone massageunderbed lightingrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns10 year limited warrantycloserise pro adjustable basecustomize your comfort.customize your sleep setup with pressure-relieving positions, a comforting massage feature, and more.drop-in option — compatible with most bed frameshead tiltfoot tiltall the way flat2 programmable memory buttonswireless remote3 leg-height optionszero gravity feature — promotes muscle recuperationanti-snore feature — reduces pressure on your airway2-zone massageusb portrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns10 year limited warrantyclosewhich setup is right for you?basicour foundation + metal bed frame offer sturdy support for your casper mattress.stylishchoose between haven, repose, or our upholstered bed frame for a warm bedroom look.adjustablewant to customize your position for ultimate comfort? try one of our adjustable frames.see all framesalready have a frame?if you have a frame at home, make sure you use a firm, non-spring foundation or a bed frame with slats that are less than 4 inches apart. any other kind of box spring or bed frame won't give your foam mattress the support it needs. we also don't recommend putting your mattress directly on the floor.closewhat you need to know about hybridsadded supportan added layer of resilient springs provides extra support for back, belly, and side sleepers of all sizes.extra lift and bouncehundreds of individual springs make hybrids more responsive. your body will feel elevated and afloat, rather than sinking in.added airfloweach coil lets body heat circulate out to keep you cool through the night.more durablesay goodbye to sagging. the added layer of sturdy springs extends the lifespan of your mattress for many years to come.closefoundation + metal bed framea supportive alternative to the box spring with an easy-to-assemble frame.our strong and level foundation serves the same function as a box spring, but offers better support and height for your mattress. the durable and sturdy metal bed frame pairs with the foundation and any casper mattress to create a perfect sleep setup.why you’ll love it:the foundation is engineered with solid wood and the metal bed frame is made of 100% recycled steel for durable, sturdy supportstands up to years of useeasy to assemblerest assured.30 night trial, free shipping and returns2 year limited furniture warranty