来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231200945/https://casper.com/mattresses/casper-original/
================================================================================

casper original (2021) - best memory foam mattress online | casper® skip to main contentcloseartboardmattressesarrowdown pointing arrowpillowsarrowdown pointing arrowbed framesarrowdown pointing arrowbeddingarrowdown pointing arrowgiftsarrowdown pointing arrowbundlesarrowdown pointing arrowholiday dealssale1.888.498.0003reviewsfind a storeblogaccountget $75arrowdown pointing arrowbackmattresseswave hybrid15% offnova hybrid15% offoriginal10% offsee all mattressestake our mattress quizoriginal mattress10% offfrom $595. the perfect balance of support and cooling.arrowdown pointing arrowbackpillowsoriginal casper pillowfoam pillowdown pillowhybrid pillownewhug body pillownewbackrest pillownewsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillow10% offa down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbed framesrise adjustable bed framesnewplatform bedupholstered bed framefoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed framesee all bed framescasper haven10% offwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbeddingsheets & pillowcasesnewduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsnewmattress protectorsweighted blanketsee all beddinghyperlite™ sheets10% offnew! the coolest sheets you’ll ever meet.arrowdown pointing arrowbackgiftsnewglow lightglow night lightnewquilts, blankets, and throwsnewdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setnewweighted blanketsee all giftsseason’s sleepingsexplore our holiday collection.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.canada (english)united statescanada (français)us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesarrowdown pointing arrowmattressesmattressesmattresseswave hybrid15% offnova hybrid15% offoriginal10% offsee all mattressestake our mattress quizoriginal mattress10% offfrom $595. the perfect balance of support and cooling.pillowspillowspillowsoriginal casper pillowfoam pillowdown pillowhybrid pillownewhug body pillownewbackrest pillownewsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillow10% offa down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.bed framesbed framesbed framesrise adjustable bed framesnewplatform bedupholstered bed framefoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed framesee all bed framescasper haven10% offwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.beddingbeddingbeddingsheets & pillowcasesnewduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsnewmattress protectorsweighted blanketsee all beddinghyperlite™ sheets10% offnew! the coolest sheets you’ll ever meet.giftsgiftsgiftsnewglow lightglow night lightnewquilts, blankets, and throwsnewdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setnewweighted blanketsee all giftsseason’s sleepingsexplore our holiday collection.bundlesbundlesbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.holiday dealssaleartboardvisit usexplore casper sleep shopsfind a store near youfind a storecasper sleep shopsswing by one of our sleep shops, where sleep specialists can help you find the perfect mattress, share sleep knowledge and answer your questions about snooze.artboardcloseoriginal mattressoverviewproduct featuresreviewsselect a sizemattressesoriginal see how it's madeour most popular mattress, engineered for cool, comfortable sleep.foam is divided into 3 ergonomic zones that help keep your spine aligned.thousands of perforations in a breathable foam help keep you cool all night.sleep in ergonomic alignment and all-night comfort with zoned support™.learn moreoriginal mattresschoose your material:what are hybrids?all-foamhybrid foam + springsadd a bed frame (optional):do you need one?add a mattress protection plan:what's covered?10-year protection planclosesubtotal:$985.50$1,095.00add to cartcasper 4d sleep technology™our innovative mattress formula that brings together a proprietary combination of materials to unlock your best night’s sleep—for even better tomorrows.learn moregroup 47closeinside the originalzoned support™ helps align your spine.airscape™ increases airflow to help keep you cool.premium foam conforms to your body to relieve pressure.durable base foam offers long-lasting support.vp-barfree, no-contact delivery*100-nightrisk-free trial*10-year limited warranty*measurements & dimensionsclosetwin38" w x 75" l x 11" hhybrid: 53 lbsfoam: 46 lbstwin xl38" w x 80" l x 11" hhybrid: 57 lbsfoam: 50 lbsfull53" w x 75" l x 11" hhybrid: 76 lbsfoam: 67 lbsqueen60" w x 80" l x 11" hhybrid: 91 lbsfoam: 79 lbsking76" w x 80" l x 11" hhybrid: 112 lbsfoam: 101 lbscal king72" w x 84" l x 11" hhybrid: 114 lbsfoam: 100 lbsmaterials & certificationscloseall our polyurethane foams are certipur-us® certified. they are made without ozone-depleting chemicals and phthalates regulated by the consumer product safety commission. the foams have been tested for low voc (volatile organic compound) emissions for indoor air quality (less than 0.5 parts per million).top layer of breathable polyurethane foamsecond layer of zoned memory foam(original) durable base of polyurethane foam(hybrid) durable base of polyurethane foam with encased springswarranty & shippingclosefree shipping and free returns in the us and canada.*offered in the us and canada. we ship in the united states and canada from warehouse partners in each country.*additional shipping fees apply to alaska and hawaii. terms and conditions apply.subject to 10-year limited mattress warranty. learn moregot questions?our friendly sleep specialists are here to help. give us a call now or visit your local store.call usfind a store4/5 new casper customersreported bettersleep on their casper.**based on a randomized survey of casper mattress product owners conducted in january 2020.coolingsupportstay cool all night with the innovative cooling system.airscape™ keeps you the coolestthousands of perforations circulate air.body heat and humidity have somewhere to go, flowing away from you.stay cool and asleep throughout the night.let's take a lookunder the coversall-foamhybrid123all-foamhybridlet's take a lookunder the coversthe airscape™ layer of perforated, breathable foam increases airflow and circulates air so you always wake up refreshed.premium foam conforms to your body to relieve pressure.see how it's madezoned support™ provides a layer of memory foam with 3 ergonomic zones to help gently sink shoulders and cradle hips for ergonomic spinal alignment.softer under shouldersfirmer around the hips, waist and lower backthe durable base is engineered to prevent sinking and sagging while supporting your whole body.see why people love the originalwrite a reviewfilter highlighted reviews for the original mattress by:comfortarrowright pointing arrowcomfortbody paincouplesmotion isolationsleeps cooltrialcomfortbody paincouplesmotion isolationsleeps cooltrialpaulcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerdubuque, ia5 star review rating5 star review ratingthe best mattress i've ever slept on, no kidding!from the delivery of the box to the magical unfolding of the king size mattress to the first time laying on the bed, all smiles here! i have traveled for work for years, often sleeping on different…continue readingreview of prior model (the casper mattress).colleen barnescheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownersalt lake city, ut5 star review rating5 star review ratingmy sleep is like whoa.as a skeptic, i am surprised to say that the advertisements were correct for me - the mattress, mattress protector, and king size pillows are to die for! this product is high quality, and i'm kind of…continue readingreview of prior model (the casper mattress).raul canabalcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownernew york, ny5 star review rating5 star review ratingnot too firm, not too soft, just right :-)have slept on several different types of foam mattresses from the bargain (costco) to premium brands (tempur) and found their large variety of choices to be confusing and misleading. i've returned…continue readingreview of prior model (the casper mattress).heather berniercheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerarlington, tx5 star review rating5 star review ratingabsolutely wonderful!!i am so happy with this mattress! it is the perfect combination of softness and support. each night as i get into bed i have such a pleasant feeling knowing that i'm going to be so comfortable and…continue readingreview of prior model (the casper mattress).david lopshirecheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerarlington, va5 star review rating5 star review ratingnothing, nothing helps you sleep better than this mattress.from the start i was a little skeptical, but a very good friend recommended casper. so my wife and i talked and decided to give it a chance. after all, with 100 days to try it out there was only a…continue readingreview of prior model (the casper mattress).see all reviewscnn quote“allows far more airflow than a typical mattress, delivering a cooling effect.”*popular mechanics quote“support where you need it without pressure points.”*dwell quote“loved by all types of sleepers.”*better homes & garden quote“cushions your curves and hugs your body for maximum coziness” and “offers exceptional support and pressure relief.”*casper has certain affiliate advertising relationships with the above noted publications.need help deciding? chat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask awaytake a test naptry out one of our mattresses in person at one of our stores.find a location near you.give us a ringour sleep specialists are here to help you find the mattress of your dreams. give us a call at+1 917.382.8157.chat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask awaytake a test naptry out one of our mattresses in person at one of our stores.find a location near you.give us a ringour sleep specialists are here to help you find the mattress of your dreams. give us a call at+1 917.382.8157.chat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask awaytake a test naptry out one of our mattresses in person at one of our stores.find a location near you.give us a ringour sleep specialists are here to help you find the mattress of your dreams. give us a call at+1 917.382.8157.you may also likebest supportwave hybridstarting at $1,595shop nowshop nowshop nowmost plushnova hybridstarting at $1,195shop nowshop nowshop nowquick vieworiginal casper pillowfrom $39$65standard or kingquick viewpercale sheets$55-$85$109-$169quick viewwaterproof mattress protectorfrom $80$89available in 6 sizesquick viewcasper repose bed framefrom $716$795choose between a wood or pillow headboardnewquick viewlightweight down alternative duvetfrom $143$159available in 3 sizesquick viewweighted blanketfrom $135$169casper logo mark>mattresses>originalproductsmattressespillowsbed framesadjustable bed framessheetsduvetsweighted blanketglow lightdog bedbundlesshop by sizetwintwin xlfullqueenkingcal kingsize guidesupportcontact usfaqreturnstrialwarrantyfinancingprotection planaboutour storycasper labsstoresjobspressfollow casperinvestorstrade & commercialbetter sleep, better youresourcesmattress buying guidereviewsmattress salecasper promoscasper upgrade programrefer & earnblogcasper vs. competitionmattress quizsign up for the latest snoozesubmitplease enter a valid email address.thanks! you've signed up successfully.facebook iconcasper on facebooktwitter iconcasper on twitterinstagram iconcasper on instagrampinterest iconvisit casper on pinterestlinkedin iconcasper on linkedinyoutube iconcasper on youtube+1 888.498.0003us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)united statesarrowdown pointing arrow© 2021privacytermsaccessibilitysitemapdo not sell my personal informationyour cartclosecloseyour cart is emptyshop nowclosewhiteglove icona hand catching some zzzsfast, free shipping*your order will ship via ups in 2-3 business days — for free!once your product ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number.* free shipping excludes alaska, hawaii, yukon territory, northwest territory and nunavutclosepaulcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerdubuque, ia5 star review ratingthe best mattress i've ever slept on, no kidding!from the delivery of the box to the magical unfolding of the king size mattress to the first time laying on the bed, all smiles here! i have traveled for work for years, often sleeping on different beds at different hotels night after night. none of those beds compare to our casper mattress and i've probably tried them all. every time i climb into bed i smile and tell my wife i love our mattress. i think you will love it too.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closerise max adjustable baseyour one-of-a-kind sleep setup.set yourself up for your best rest with luxurious features for ultimate comfort.drop-in option — compatible with most bed framesneck tilthead tiltfoot tiltall the way flat2 programmable memory buttonswireless remote3 leg-height optionszero gravity feature — promotes muscle recuperationanti-snore feature — reduces pressure on your airwayusb port4-zone massageunderbed lightingrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns10 year limited warrantycloserise pro adjustable basecustomize your comfort.customize your sleep setup with pressure-relieving positions, a comforting massage feature, and more.drop-in option — compatible with most bed frameshead tiltfoot tiltall the way flat2 programmable memory buttonswireless remote3 leg-height optionszero gravity feature — promotes muscle recuperationanti-snore feature — reduces pressure on your airway2-zone massageusb portrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns10 year limited warrantyclosewhich setup is right for you?basicour foundation + metal bed frame offer sturdy support for your casper mattress.stylishchoose between haven, repose, or our upholstered bed frame for a warm bedroom look.adjustablewant to customize your position for ultimate comfort? try one of our adjustable frames.see all framesalready have a frame?if you have a frame at home, make sure you use a firm, non-spring foundation or a bed frame with slats that are less than 4 inches apart. any other kind of box spring or bed frame won't give your foam mattress the support it needs. we also don't recommend putting your mattress directly on the floor.closewhat you need to know about hybridsadded supportan added layer of resilient springs provides extra support for back, belly, and side sleepers of all sizes.extra lift and bouncehundreds of individual springs make hybrids more responsive. your body will feel elevated and afloat, rather than sinking in.added airfloweach coil lets body heat circulate out to keep you cool through the night.more durablesay goodbye to sagging. the added layer of sturdy springs extends the lifespan of your mattress for many years to come.closefoundation + metal bed framea supportive alternative to the box spring with an easy-to-assemble frame.our strong and level foundation serves the same function as a box spring, but offers better support and height for your mattress. the durable and sturdy metal bed frame pairs with the foundation and any casper mattress to create a perfect sleep setup.why you’ll love it:the foundation is engineered with solid wood and the metal bed frame is made of 100% recycled steel for durable, sturdy supportstands up to years of useeasy to assemblerest assured.30 night trial, free shipping and returns2 year limited furniture warrantyclosethe foundationa supportive alternative to the box spring.our strong and level foundation serves the same function as a box spring, but offers better support and height for your mattress. when paired with a bed frame, it helps your mattress perform at its peak for a decade or more.engineered with solid woodstands up to years of useeasy to assemblerequires a bed frame, and works with most standard framesclosewaterproof mattress protectoreverything-proof your mattress.keep your mattress looking and feeling brand new by guarding against dirt, spills, and normal wear and tear.why you’ll love it:guards your mattress from spills, dirt, and more.waterproof layer keeps your mattress dry and comfy.perfectly hugs any mattress up to 16 in deepquiet materials protect your mattress without sacrificing comfort.rest assured.30 night trial, free shipping and returns1 year limited mattress protector warrantycloseupholstered bed framewe’ve found your soft spot.made of sturdy wood and steelwrapped in three custom woven textilesfeatures a 2-inch perimetereasy one-tool assemblyno box spring or foundation required30 night trial, free shipping and returns5 year limited warrantyclosecolleen barnescheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownersalt lake city, ut5 star review ratingmy sleep is like whoa.as a skeptic, i am surprised to say that the advertisements were correct for me - the mattress, mattress protector, and king size pillows are to die for! this product is high quality, and i'm kind of a snob about that. i highly recommend this mattress to anyone who sleeps and values their spine. today i took a nap just so i could be on the bed, and i ended up sleeping for an extra hour because the bed was so comfy. just buy it. you won't regret it.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closeraul canabalcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownernew york, ny5 star review ratingnot too firm, not too soft, just right :-)have slept on several different types of foam mattresses from the bargain (costco) to premium brands (tempur) and found their large variety of choices to be confusing and misleading. i've returned more than one mattress in the past because they were either too firm or too mushy. with casper i think they've hit the sweet spot just right. no uncomfortable pressure points and no sinking into quicksand feelings. it's just right.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closeheather berniercheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerarlington, tx5 star review ratingabsolutely wonderful!!i am so happy with this mattress! it is the perfect combination of softness and support. each night as i get into bed i have such a pleasant feeling knowing that i'm going to be so comfortable and settled in for a restful night's sleep. this has been one of my best decisions and i'm so happy to have found casper online. ordering, delivery, and unpacking the bed were a cinch! i was surprised at how fast the bed plumped up and was ready for use! i was so impressed i followed up and purchased sheets and pillows and am in heaven!review of prior model (the casper mattress).closedavid lopshirecheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerarlington, va5 star review ratingnothing, nothing helps you sleep better than this mattress.from the start i was a little skeptical, but a very good friend recommended casper. so my wife and i talked and decided to give it a chance. after all, with 100 days to try it out there was only a little effort to lose. so we unpacked the mattress and let it sit open for 24 hours. i have to say, opening the box and cutting the wrapping off was a cool experience. we replaced our mattress with the casper, kept our original box spring. night one it was comfortable, firm, cool to the touch, and felt like a hug. night two i realized that the edge was not as firm as a standard mattress, but then again it was not hard on the edge. i realized that i have been sleeping on the edge of my mattress and it was not doing me any favors. the casper changed my body alignment in the bed and i am glad it did. after a week we both agreed it was a good mattress. after a month we decided to keep it and discarded our original mattress. it has been over a year now and i would not trade the casper for anything. if you paid me a million dollars, i would give you the mattress, but i would buy another one and keep the rest of the money. i played college football, weigh over 300 pounds, have bad knees, hips, shoulders, and back, but this mattress allows me to get out of bed without any pain. with my old mattress it would sometimes take me 20 minutes to walk after getting up. with the casper i hop out of bed with no pain, it is the best part of my day. the best part is the casper still looks brand new, no depressions or sagging at all. even the four dogs that fight for position during the day have no effect on the shape if this bed. now lets discuss the cooling effect. i used to sweat every night in my old bed. the casper breathes, period. i do not sweat at night any more. it is cool in the summer and adjust perfectly to your temp in winter. i can wear long pj's and still be comfortable. and then there is the motion of the mattress. ask my wife and she would tell you that i never get up in the middle of the night anymore. it is not true, but she just does not feel it. i don't feel her get up in the mornings either. i never needed an alarm clock until the casper, she got up first and her moving would wake me up. now she gets up and my alarm goes off to wake me up and i think that some days she over slept. nope, she just got up without me feeling it. if you took the time to read this review, then do yourself a favor and try this mattress. if you don't like it then you are in the vast minority and i have a slightly used mattress to sell you. give it a try and at the very least you can cut open the wrapping and watch the mattress grow in awe!review of prior model (the casper mattress).closecompare bed framesrise max adjustable baseoriginally starting at $1,695for people looking for a personalized sleep setup with luxurious features.full suite of customizable features for a personalized sleep setup.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.wall-aligning technology keeps everything you need within reach.personalized presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsrise pro adjustable baseoriginally starting at $995for people looking for an elevated sleep setup with customizable features.offers flexibility to cater your individual sleep needs.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.customizable presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsmetal bed frame + foundationoriginally starting at $365for people looking for sturdy support and simple setup.no-tool, easy assemblyfoundation slats perfectly spaced to support for your casper mattress for yearsno-tool, easy assemblymade of 100% recycled steel, providing durable and sturdy support.see more detailsclosecompare mattresseswave hybridoriginally starting at $1,495for those who have aches and pains and want maximum support with cooling features.coolingairscape™ 3 + cooling geltop perforated foam layer increases airflow + 2 layers to keep you cool all night.a thin coating of cooling gel.supportzoned support™ max + gel podscontinuous ergonomic zones for full-body relief.softer foam around the shoulders provides more relief to the upper body.gel pods under the waist and lower back for healthy spine alignment.see more detailsnova hybridoriginally starting at $1,095for those who want a plush top layer without sacrificing support and cooling.coolingairscape™ 2a top layer of perforated foams increases airflow + 1 layer to keep you comfortably cool.supportzoned support™ pro3 zones of targeted support help with healthy spinal alignment.4 more zones of support add more pressure relief under shoulders and support under the waist.see more detailscloserise adjustable basemake yourself comfortable.enhance your sleep setup with essential features to help you find the perfect position for sleeping or relaxing.drop-in option — compatible with most bed frameshead tiltfoot tilt all the way flatprogrammable memory buttonwireless remote1 leg-height optionzero gravity feature — promotes muscle recuperationrest assuredfits most slatless frames, or can be used on its own. does not require a box spring30 night trial, free shipping and returns10 year limited warranty