来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231211104/https://casper.com/warranty/
================================================================================

warranty | casper® skip to main contentcloseartboardmattressesarrowdown pointing arrowbundlesarrowdown pointing arrowpillowsarrowdown pointing arrowbed framesarrowdown pointing arrowbeddingarrowdown pointing arrowaccessoriesarrowdown pointing arrowclearancemattress quiz1.888.498.0003reviewsfind a storeblogaccountget $75arrowdown pointing arrowbackmattresseselement pronew!originalmost popularoriginal hybridmost lovednova hybridmost comfortingwave hybridmost supportivewave hybrid snowmost supportive + coolingsee all mattressestake our mattress quizwave hybrid mattressmost supportivefrom $1,795. our most supportive mattress and the best for back pain.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.arrowdown pointing arrowbackpillowsoriginal casper pillowdown pillowhybrid pillowfoam pillow40% offfoam pillow - llfoam pillow with snow technology™ - llbackrest pillowsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillow - mid lofta down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbed framesadjustable bed framesattachable headboardsfoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed frameupholstered bed framesee all bed framescasper havenwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbeddingsheets & pillowcasesduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsup to 50% offmattress protectorscomfy mattress toppersee all beddingsupersoft sheets10% offour coziest sheets yet.arrowdown pointing arrowbackaccessoriesglow lightglow night lightweighted blanketup to $90 offdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setsnoozewear™see all accessoriessnoozewear™it’s bedtime somewhere. cozy up with snoozewear™.canada (english)united statescanada (français)us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesarrowdown pointing arrowmattressesmattressesmattresseselement pronew!originalmost popularoriginal hybridmost lovednova hybridmost comfortingwave hybridmost supportivewave hybrid snowmost supportive + coolingsee all mattressestake our mattress quizwave hybrid mattressmost supportivefrom $1,795. our most supportive mattress and the best for back pain.bundlesbundlesbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.pillowspillowspillowsoriginal casper pillowdown pillowhybrid pillowfoam pillow40% offfoam pillow - llfoam pillow with snow technology™ - llbackrest pillowsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillow - mid lofta down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.bed framesbed framesbed framesadjustable bed framesattachable headboardsfoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed frameupholstered bed framesee all bed framescasper havenwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.beddingbeddingbeddingsheets & pillowcasesduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsup to 50% offmattress protectorscomfy mattress toppersee all beddingsupersoft sheets10% offour coziest sheets yet.accessoriesaccessoriesaccessoriesglow lightglow night lightweighted blanketup to $90 offdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setsnoozewear™see all accessoriessnoozewear™it’s bedtime somewhere. cozy up with snoozewear™.clearancemattress quizartboardvisit usexplore casper sleep shopsfind a store near youfind a storecasper sleep shopsswing by one of our sleep shops, where sleep specialists can help you find the perfect mattress, share sleep knowledge and answer your questions about snooze.artboardclosemattress warrantysheets warrantypillows warrantymattress topper warrantydog bed warrantymattress protector warrantyduvet and blanket warrantyadjustable base warrantyfurniture warrantyglow light warrantysnoozewear warrantyfinal sale and clearance itemsnote: products sold as “final sale” or “clearance” items may be covered by shorter warranty terms than those stated below. please refer to the “final sale and clearance items” section below for further details about a particular product’s warranty terms.casper sleep 10 year limited mattress warrantyyour new casper mattress is covered by a 10 year limited warranty (the “mattress warranty”). this limited mattress warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited mattress warrantythis limited mattress warranty extends to mattresses manufactured by casper sleep inc. (“casper”), purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “mattresses”). some parts of this limited mattress warranty also extend to covers sold with mattresses (“mattress covers”). this limited mattress warranty does not extend to clearance mattresses (please see final sale and clearance items for more details).mattresses are designed to work on a firm, solid-surface, on a bed base that is structurally capable of supporting the weight of the mattress and user(s). this mattress warranty does not cover your product if you use it in a manner incompatible with that intended design.b. who this mattress warranty extends tothis limited mattress warranty extends to the original purchaser of any mattress who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. customers who purchased their mattresses through casper’s trade program and use those mattresses for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store) are “trade customers.”all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the mattress is owned by the original purchaser of the mattress. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this mattress warranty, is the first purchaser of the mattress from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited mattress warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the mattress in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 10 years from the time your mattress is purchased by you, when the mattress is used normally for its intended purposes in the home and on a bed base that is structurally capable of supporting the weight of the mattress and user(s).notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to trade customers only, the limited warranty period shall be 3 years.d. what this limited mattress warranty coversthis limited mattress warranty applies to the following defects:deterioration causing the mattress to have a visible indentation greater than one (1) inch that is not associated with an indentation or sag which results from use of an improper or unsupportive foundation or adjustable bed base. normal wear requires that a mattress be continuously supported by a matching foundation or adjustable bed base with a proper bed frame sufficient to support the collective weight of the mattress and foundation.any physical flaw in the mattress that causes the foam material to split or crack, despite normal usage and proper handling.any manufacturing defect in the zipper assembly of the mattress cover.this limited mattress warranty does not cover the following:a normal increase in softness of the foam pressure-relieving material which does not affect the pressure-relieving qualities of the mattress.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the structure and/or cover material, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store – unless you are a trade customer.replacement of any non-defective pieces in the casper sleep system (for example, if you purchase a mattress with multiple components and only one component is defective, then we will only replace the defective component).any mattress (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.mattresses sold “as-is”, “preconditioned”, “reconditioned”, “used”, “comfort return”, “returned”, “previously owned”, or any other similar wording indicating that the mattress is not “new” or of “first quality”, or has previously been purchased or used by another consumer.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited mattress warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a repaired or replacement mattress or mattress cover, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below. replacement mattress covers may be provided in a color different from the mattress cover you originally purchased.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited mattress warranty, you must return your mattresses or mattress cover to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your mattress, you will not be responsible for those costs.evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited mattress warranty.if you wish to replace your mattress with a more expensive mattress (an “upgrade mattress”), then please e-mail casper at the e-mail address set forth at the end of this limited mattress warranty. you will be required to pay the difference between the original purchase price of the mattress and that of the upgrade mattress, plus the cost of any related additional system pieces necessary for such upgrade mattress.casper will repair or replace (as applicable) and ship your mattress or upgrade mattress back to you.replaced or repaired mattresses are subject to the same limited mattress warranty as the original mattress. if you obtain a replaced or repaired mattress, the warranty term of the replaced or repaired mattress begins from the date of purchase of the original mattress. if you purchase an upgrade mattress, a new warranty term will begin upon the purchase of the upgrade mattress.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the mattress is provided “as is” and this warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited mattress warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the mattress or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the mattress giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited mattress warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited mattress warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited mattress warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.175 greenwich st., 39th floornew york, ny 10007support@casper.comcasper sleep 1 year limited sheets warrantyyour new casper sheets are covered by a 1 year limited warranty (the "sheets warranty"). this limited sheets warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited sheets warrantythis limited sheets warranty extends to sheets manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “sheets”).b. who this sheets warranty extends tothis limited sheets warranty extends to the original purchaser of any sheets who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. the limited sheets warranty does not extend to customers who purchased their sheets through casper’s trade program and use those sheets for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store).all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the sheets is owned by the original purchaser of the sheets. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this sheets warranty, is the first purchaser of the sheets from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited sheets warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the sheets in its original packaging sold to you against defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 1 year from the time your sheets are purchased by you, when the sheets are used normally for their intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited sheets warranty coversthis limited sheets warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited sheets warranty does not cover the following:normal wear and tear as a result of washing and intended use.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the sheets, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store.any sheets (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited sheets warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement sheets, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited sheets warranty, you must return your sheets to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your sheets, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited sheets warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship replacement sheets (if applicable) to you.replacement sheets are subject to the same limited sheets warranty as the original sheets. if you obtain replacement sheets, the warranty term of the replaced sheets begins from the date of purchase of the original sheets.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the sheets are provided “as is” and this limited sheets warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited sheets warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the sheets or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the sheets giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited sheets warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited sheets warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited sheets warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep inc.175 greenwich st., 39th floornew york, ny 10007support@casper.comcasper sleep 1 year limited pillow warrantyyour new casper pillow is covered by a 1 year limited warranty (the “pillow warranty”). this limited pillow warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. the casper pillow warranty was last updated on 7/30/2019.a. products covered by this limited pillow warrantythis limited pillow warranty extends to pillows manufactured by casper and purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “pillows”).b. who this pillow warranty extends tothis limited pillow warranty extends to the original purchaser of any pillow who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. the limited pillow warranty does not extend to customers who purchased their pillows through casper’s trade program and use those pillows for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store).all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the pillow is owned by the original purchaser of the pillow. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this pillow warranty, is the first purchaser of the pillow from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited pillow warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the pillow in its original packaging sold to you against defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 1 year from the time your pillow is purchased by you, when the pillow is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited pillow warranty coversthis limited pillow warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited pillow warranty does not cover the following:normal increases in softening and settling of materials, or any other normal wear and tear.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the structure and/or cover material, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store.any pillow (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited pillow warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a repaired or replacement pillow or pillow cover, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited pillow warranty, you must return your pillow to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your pillow, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited pillow warranty. casper will repair or replace (as applicable) and ship your pillow back to you.replaced or repaired pillows are subject to the same limited pillow warranty as the original pillow. if you obtain a replaced or repaired pillow, the warranty term of the replaced or repaired pillow begins from the date of purchase of the original pillow.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the pillow is provided “as is” and this warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited pillow warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the pillow or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the pillow giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited pillow warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited pillow warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited pillow warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.175 greenwich st., 39th floornew york, ny 10007support@casper.comcasper sleep 5 year limited mattress topper warrantyyour new casper mattress topper is covered by a 5 year limited warranty (the “mattress topper warranty”). this limited mattress topper warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited mattress topper warrantythis limited mattress topper warranty extends to premium mattresses toppers manufactured by casper sleep inc. (“casper”), purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “mattresses toppers”).mattress toppers are designed to work on a mattress that is the same size as and structurally capable of supporting the weight of the mattress topper and user(s). this mattress topper warranty does not cover your product if you use it in a manner incompatible with that intended design.b. who this mattress topper warranty extends tothis limited mattress topper warranty extends to the original purchaser of any mattress topper who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. customers who purchased their mattress topper through casper’s trade program and use those mattress toppers for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store) are “trade customers.”all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the mattress topper is owned by the original purchaser of the mattress topper. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this mattress topper warranty, is the first purchaser of the mattress topper from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited mattress topper warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the mattress topper in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 5 years from the time your mattress topper is purchased by you, when the mattress topper is used normally for its intended purposes in the home and on a mattress that is the same size as and structurally capable of supporting the weight of the mattress topper and user(s).notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to trade customers only, the limited warranty period shall be 3 years.d. what this limited mattress topper warranty coversthis limited mattress topper warranty applies to the following defects:deterioration causing the mattress topper to have a visible indentation greater than one (1) inch that is not associated with an indentation or sag which results from use of an improper or unsupportive mattress, foundation or adjustable bed base. normal wear requires that a mattress topper be continuously supported by a matching mattress on top of a proper foundation, adjustable bed base or bed frame sufficient to support the collective weight of the mattress topper, the mattress and user.any physical flaw in the mattress topper that causes the foam material to split or crack, despite normal usage and proper handling.any manufacturing defect in the zipper assembly of the mattress topper cover.this limited mattress topper does not cover the following:a normal increase in softness of the foam pressure-relieving material which does not affect the pressure-relieving qualities of the mattress topper.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the structure and/or cover material, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store – unless you are a trade customer.any mattress topper (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.mattress toppers sold “as-is”, “preconditioned”, “reconditioned”, “used”, “comfort return”, “returned”, “previously owned”, or any other similar wording indicating that the mattress topper is not “new” or of “first quality”, or has previously been purchased or used by another consumer.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited mattress topper will be, at casper’s option, to provide a repaired or replacement mattress topper or mattress topper cover, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below. replacement mattress topper covers may be provided in a color different from the mattress topper cover you originally purchased.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited mattress topper warranty, you must return your mattress topper or mattress topper cover to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your mattress topper, you will not be responsible for those costs.evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited mattress topper warranty.casper will repair or replace (as applicable) and ship your mattress topper back to you.replaced or repaired mattress toppers are subject to the same limited mattress topper warranty as the original mattress topper. if you obtain a replaced or repaired mattress topper, the warranty term of the replaced or repaired mattress topper begins from the date of purchase of the original mattress. if you purchase an upgrade mattress topper, a new warranty term will begin upon the purchase of the upgrade mattress topper.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the mattress topper is provided “as is” and this warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited mattress topper warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the mattress topper or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the mattress topper giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited mattress topper warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited mattress topper warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited mattress topper warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.175 greenwich st., 39th floornew york, ny 10007support@casper.comcasper sleep 1 year limited dog bed warrantyyour new casper dog bed, and any replacement covers you may purchase for your dog bed (each a “dog mattress cover”), are covered by a 1 year limited warranty (the "dog bed warranty"). this limited dog bed warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited dog bed warrantythis limited dog bed warranty extends to the dog bed mattress (the “dog mattress”) and the dog mattress cover manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “dog beds”).b. who this dog bed warranty extends tothis limited dog bed warranty extends to the original purchaser of any dog bed who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. the limited dog bed warranty does not extend to customers who purchased their dog beds through casper’s trade program and use those dog beds for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store).all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the dog bed is owned by the original purchaser of the dog bed. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this dog bed warranty, is the first purchaser of the dog mattress from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited dog bed warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the dog bed or any dog mattress cover in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 1 year from the time your dog bed or dog mattress cover is purchased by you, when the dog bed or dog mattress cover is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited dog bed warranty coversthis limited dog bed warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty. this limited dog bed warranty does not cover the following:normal wear and tear as a result of washing and intended use.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the dog mattress or dog mattress cover, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store.any dog bed or dog mattress cover (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited dog bed warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement dog bed, or dog mattress cover (if applicable), subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited dog bed warranty, you must return your dog bed or dog mattress cover to casper and, in the case of the dog bed, provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your dog bed or dog mattress cover, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited dog bed warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship replacement dog bed or dog mattress cover (if applicable) to you.replaced dog beds or dog mattress covers are subject to the same limited dog bed warranty as the original dog bed. if you obtain a replacement dog bed or dog mattress cover, the warranty term of the replaced dog bed or dog mattress cover begins from the date of purchase of the original dog bed.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the dog bed and/or dog mattress cover is provided “as is” and this limited dog bed warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited dog bed warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the dog bed or dog mattress cover or their use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the dog bed giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited dog bed warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited dog bed warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited dog bed warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.175 greenwich st., 39th floornew york, ny 10007support@casper.comcasper sleep 1 year limited protector warrantyyour new casper protector is covered by a 1 year limited warranty (the “protector warranty”). this limited protector warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited protector warrantythis limited protector warranty extends to protectors manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “protectors”).b. who this protector warranty extends tothis limited protector warranty extends to the original purchaser of any protector who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. this limited protector warranty does not extend to customers who purchased their protectors through casper’s trade program and use those protectors for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store).all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the protector is owned by the original purchaser of the protector. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this protector warranty, is the first purchaser of the protector from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited protector warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the protector in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 1 year from the time your protector are purchased by you, when the protector are used normally for their intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited protector warranty coversthis limited protector warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited protector warranty does not cover the following:normal wear and tear as a result of washing and intended use.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the protector, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store.any protector (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited protector warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement protector, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited protector warranty, you must return your protector to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your protector, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited protector warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship a replacement protector to you.a replaced protector is subject to the same limited protector warranty as the original protector. if you obtain replacement protector, the warranty term of the replaced protector begins from the date of purchase of the original protector.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the protector are provided “as is” and this limited protector warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited protector warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the protector or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the protector giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited protector warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited protector warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited protector warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.175 greenwich st., 39thfloor new york, ny 10007support@casper.comcasper sleep 1 year limited duvet and blanket warrantyyour casper duvet, blanket or quilt is covered by a 1 year limited warranty (the “duvet and blanket warranty”). this limited duvet and blanket warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited duvet and blanket warrantythis limited duvet and blanket warranty extends to quilts, blankets and duvet inserts manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (each, a “duvet”).b. who this duvet and blanket warranty extends tothis limited duvet and blanket warranty extends to the original purchaser of a duvet who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. this limited duvet and blanket warranty does not extend to customers who purchased their duvets through casper’s trade program and use those duvets for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store).all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the duvet is owned by the original purchaser. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this duvet and blanket warranty, is the first purchaser of the duvet from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited duvet and blanket warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the duvet in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 1 years from the time you purchased your duvet, provided that during that time the duvet is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited duvet and blanket warranty coversthis limited duvet and blanket warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited duvet and blanket warranty does not cover the following:normal wear and tear as a result of washing and intended use.comfort preference.damage cause by physical abuse, negligence, improper installation or misuse.damage caused commercial use, such as in a hotel or store.damage cause by acts of god or other natural forces.replacement of any non-defective pieces of the duvet (for example, if you one component of the duvet is defective, then we will replace the defective component only).any duvet sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers of casper duvets.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited duvet and blanket warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement duvet, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited duvet and blanket warranty, you must return your duvet to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your duvet, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited duvet and blanket warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship a replacement duvet to you.a replaced duvet is subject to the same limited duvet and blanket warranty as the original duvet. if you obtain replacement duvet, the warranty term of the replaced duvet begins from the date of purchase of the original duvet.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the duvet is provided “as is” and this limited duvet warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited duvet warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the duvet or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the duvet giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited duvet and blanket warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited duvet and blanket warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited duvet and blanket warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.175 greenwich st., 39th floornew york, ny 10007support@casper.comcasper sleep 10 year limited adjustable base warrantyyour casper adjustable base is covered by a 10 year limited warranty (the “adjustable base warranty”). this limited adjustable base warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited adjustable base warrantythis limited adjustable base warranty extends to adjustable bases purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (the “adjustable bases”).b. who this limited adjustable base warranty extends tothis limited adjustable base warranty extends to the original purchaser of any adjustable base who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. customers who purchased their adjustable bases through casper’s trade program and use those adjustable bases for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store) are “trade customers.”all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the adjustable is owned by the original purchaser of the adjustable base. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this adjustable base warranty, is the first purchaser of the adjustable base from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited adjustable base warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the casper adjustable base in its original packaging sold to you against certain defects in material and workmanship for specific periods of time as set forth below when the adjustable base is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to trade customers only, the limited warranty period shall be three (3) years.d. what this limited adjustable base warranty covers and your responsibilitiesyears 1-2: full coverage parts and labor warranty. your adjustable base is warranted against defects in the equipment, including electronic parts, or materials for a period of up to one two (2) years from the date of purchase for an adjustable base bought new. at no cost to purchaser, casper will assist purchaser to arrange for the repair or replacement of any defective part through the customer service team of the manufacturer of the adjustable base, who will provide technical and onsite support, and any related labor. if no repair is possible, casper will provide a replacement adjustable base and will dispose of the original adjustable base, in each case, at no cost to the purchaser.years 3 on: limited warranty. if a defect occurs with respect to an adjustable base part other than the metal frame components (as defined below), including electronic parts (a “non-metal frame part”), after the second year following the date of purchase for an adjustable base bought new, casper will offer replacement parts (upon terms and conditions set forth in this paragraph) for any non-metal frame part found to be defective. purchaser shall be responsible for the then-current cost of replacement of the defective non-metal frame part. upon request and at purchaser’s cost, casper will assist purchaser to arrange for the repair or replacement of any defective non-metal frame part through the customer service team of the manufacturer of the adjustable base, including technical and onsite support, and any related labor. to the extent permitted by law, the purchaser shall bear all service, transportation, labor and shipping costs related to the delivery and/or replacement of the defective non-metal frame part.years 1-10 (for frame, mattress retainer bar, hardware, and legs only): full coverage parts and labor warranty with respect to the adjustable base’s frame, mattress retainer bar, hardware, and legs only (the “metal frame components”). the metal frame components of the adjustable base are warranted against defects in equipment or materials for a period of up to ten (10) years from the date of purchase for an adjustable base bought new. at no cost to purchaser, casper will assist purchaser to arrange for the repair or replacement of any defective metal frame component through the customer service team of the manufacturer of the adjustable base, who will provide technical and onsite support, and any related labor. if no repair is possible, casper will provide a replacement adjustable base and will dispose of the defective adjustable base, in each case, at no cost to purchaser.this limited adjustable base warranty does not cover or apply:to any damage caused to the adjustable base resulting from misuse or abuse by purchaser;if there has been any repair or replacement of the adjustable base or any of the adjustable base’s parts by an unauthorized person;to any damage to the adjustable base or any feature of the adjustable base resulting from improper handling or misuse, physical abuse or connection to an improper power supply, or by customer’s failing to adhere to the owner’s manual provided with the adjustable base, this limited adjustable base warranty, and any other applicable document published or approved by casper that are provided to purchaser;to any damage to the adjustable base’s cover(s), fabric(s), bedding cables, electrical cords by purchaser;to any damage resulting from an unauthorized modification to the adjustable base;to any damage caused if the recommended weight restrictions** for the adjustable base are exceeded;to any damage resulting from normal wear and tear or accidental damage caused by purchaser;to any other damage, cost or expenses not expressly covered herein.**see owner’s manual for model specific informatione. disclaimer, limitation on liability, additional termsno reimbursement will be made to the purchaser for the inconvenience, removal, installation, setup time, lack of use, shipping, or any other costs or expenses not covered by this limited warranty. casper holds no responsibility for in-home setup on adjustable bases. purchaser should contact their dealer for any terms and conditions relating to purchaser’s in-home setup if any. removal of product tag shall void warranty. the product tag has both the model and serial numbers, which serves as a means of identification to establish one’s warranty rights. it is attached to the metal substructure visible when one lifts the head of the base.to the extent permitted by applicable law, this limited warranty replaces all other representations, warranties or conditions, whether expressed, implied or legal, arising from statute, course of dealing, usage of trade or otherwise including any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, durability, quality and fitness for a particular purpose and no one is authorized to assume or undertake for casper other liability in connection with the sale of the product. casper shall not be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect or consequential or any other damages of whatever kind, including personal injuries or damage to property, except as provided herein.some states or provinces do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages or the exclusion of implied warranties or the limitation on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state or province to province. to the extent that the provisions of any applicable legislation expressly replaced, eliminate, amend, extend or prohibit any term or terms contained in this warranty, such term or terms shall be accordingly replaced, eliminated, amended or extended, as the case may be, in accordance with such legislation.f. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited adjustable base warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited adjustable base warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.g. governing lawthis limited adjustable base warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.h. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.175 greenwich st., 39th floornew york, ny 10007support@casper.comcasper sleep 2 year limited furniture warrantyyour new casper furniture is covered by a 2 year limited warranty (the “furniture warranty”). this limited furniture warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited furniture warrantythis limited furniture warranty extends to any platform bedframe, headboard, upholstered bedframe, casper repose bedframe, casper haven bedframe, metal bedframe, foundation, or nightstand manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (each, “furniture””).b. who this limited furniture warranty extends tothis limited furniture warranty extends to the original purchaser of furniture who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. customers who purchased their furniture through casper’s trade program and use that furniture for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store) are “trade customers.”all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the furniture is owned by the original purchaser. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this furniture warranty, is the first purchaser of the furniture from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited furniture warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the furniture in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 2 years from the time you purchased your furniture, provided that during that time, the furniture is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to trade customers only, the limited warranty period shall be three years.d. what this limited furniture warranty coversthis limited furniture warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited furniture warranty does not cover the following:damage caused by physical abuse, negligence, improper installation or misuse. with respect to foundation, the foregoing includes but is not limited to structural or visual damage from using an improper bed frame or placing foundation on the floor.normal wear and tear as a result of spot cleaning or intended use.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store – unless you are a trade customer.damage caused by acts of god or other natural forces.replacement of any non-defective pieces of the furniture (for example, if one component of furniture is defective, then we will replace the defective component only).any furniture sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers of casper furniture.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited furniture warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement furniture, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited furniture warranty, you must return your furniture to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your furniture, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited furniture warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship a replacement furniture to you.replaced furniture is subject to the same limited furniture warranty as the original furniture. if you obtain replacement furniture, the warranty term of the replaced furniture begins from the date of purchase of the original furniture.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the furniture is provided “as is” and this limited furniture warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited furniture warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the furniture or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the furniture giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited furniture warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited furniture warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.arbitration will take place in new york, new york. the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited furniture warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.175 greenwich st., 39th floornew york, ny 10007support@casper.comcasper sleep 12 month limited glow warrantyif you purchased your new casper glow light on or after june 15, 2021, or a casper glow night light, your casper glow light or casper glow night light (as applicable) is covered by a 12 month limited warranty (the "glow warranty"). this limited glow warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited glow warrantythis limited glow warranty extends to any casper glow light purchased on or after june 15, 2021, or casper glow night light manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada (each such product, “glow”).b. who this limited glow warranty extends tothis limited glow warranty extends to the original purchaser of glow who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. customers who purchased their glow through casper’s trade program and use that glow for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store) are “trade customers.”all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the glow is owned by the original purchaser. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this glow warranty, is the first purchaser of the glow from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited glow warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the glow in its original packaging sold to you against the defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 12 months from the time you purchased your glow, provided that during that time the glow is used normally for its intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited glow warranty coversthis limited glow warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this limited glow warranty.this limited glow warranty does not cover the following:damages cause by physical abuse, negligence, improper installation or misuse.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store – unless you are a trade customer.damage cause by acts of god or other natural forces.replacement of any non-defective pieces of the glow (for example, if one component of the glow is defective, then we will replace the defective component only).any glow sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers of casper glow light or casper glow night light (as applicable).in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited glow warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement glow (a “replacement glow”), subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited glow warranty, you must return your glow to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your glow, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited glow warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship a replacement glow to you.any replacement glow is subject to the same limited glow warranty as the original glow. if you obtain a replacement glow, the warranty term of the replacement glow begins from the date of purchase of the original glow.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the glow is provided “as is” and this limited glow warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited glow warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to glow or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the glow giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited glow warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org , or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited glow warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.arbitration will take place in new york, new york. the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited glow warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.175 greenwich st., 40th floornew york, ny 10007support@casper.comcasper sleep 6 month limited snoozewear warrantyyour new casper snoozewear is covered by a 6 month limited warranty (the "snoozewear warranty"). this limited snoozewear warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.a. products covered by this limited snoozewear warrantythis limited snoozewear warranty extends to snoozewear products manufactured by casper, purchased directly from casper or casper’s authorized retailers, and located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada.b. who this snoozewear warranty extends tothis limited snoozewear warranty extends to the original purchaser of any snoozewear product who is located in the united states (not including us territories) or canada. the limited snoozewear warranty does not extend to customers who purchased their snoozewear products through casper’s trade program and use those snoozewear for commercial purposes (for example, in a hotel or store).all casper warranties, including any implied warranties, are valid only for the period of time the snoozewear is owned by the original purchaser of the snoozewear. the “original purchaser,” for the purposes of this snoozewear warranty, is the first purchaser of the snoozewear products from casper or a casper authorized retailer. please retain a copy of your receipt as proof of purchase. all casper limited warranties are not transferable.c. casper's limited snoozewear warranty and responsibilitiescasper warrants the snoozewear in its original packaging sold to you against defects in material and workmanship set forth below (“defects”) for a period of 6 months from the time your snoozewear products are purchased by you, when the snoozewear is used normally for their intended purposes in the home.d. what this limited snoozewear warranty coversthis limited snoozewear warranty applies to defects due to faulty workmanship or materials, subject to the limitations described in this warranty.this limited snoozewear warranty does not cover the following:normal wear and tear as a result of washing and intended use.comfort preference.physical abuse or damage to the snoozewear, including but not limited to, burns, cuts, tears, liquid damage, or stains; provided, that the defect is caused by such abuse or damage.damage caused by commercial use, such as in a hotel or store.any snoozewear (whether manufactured by casper or not) sold by resellers who are not authorized retailers.in the event of a defect, casper’s sole and exclusive liability and your sole remedy under this limited snoozewear warranty will be, at casper’s option, to provide a replacement snoozewear product, subject to your fulfillment of “your responsibilities” below.e. your responsibilitiesin the event of a defect and in order to get the benefit of this limited snoozewear warranty, you must return your snoozewear product to casper and provide casper with proof of the original date of purchase. should shipping costs be required to return your snoozewear, you will not be responsible for those costs. evidence of a defect and any claims must be sent to the address set forth at the end of this limited snoozewear warranty. in the event of a defect, casper will ship a replacement snoozewear product (if applicable) to you.replacement snoozewear products are subject to the same limited snoozewear warranty as the original snoozewear product. if you obtain a replacement snoozewear product, the warranty term of the replaced snoozewear product begins from the date of purchase of the original snoozewear product.f. disclaimer, limitation on liabilityto the extent permissible by applicable law, the snoozewear products are provided “as is” and this limited snoozewear warranty and any implied warranties are your exclusive warranties and replace all other warranties or conditions, express or implied. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you.some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and except as set forth in this limited snoozewear warranty, in no event will casper or its suppliers be liable for procurement of substitute products or other special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages arising out of or related to the snoozewear or its use by you or any third party, whether under theory of contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, product liability or otherwise. this limitation will apply even if casper has been advised of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. casper’s total liability will not exceed the purchase price paid for the snoozewear product giving rise to such liability.some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.g. arbitrationin the event a dispute arises between you and casper arising out of this limited snoozewear warranty, such dispute will be determined and settled by binding arbitration between the parties, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the american arbitration association (“aaa”). more information about the aaa is located at www.adr.org, or you can call the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.you must seek arbitration for disputes arising out of this limited snoozewear warranty prior to exercising any rights or seeking any remedies created by the title i of the magnuson moss warranty act. if you choose to pursue any rights and remedies that are not created by title i of the magnuson moss warranty act, then arbitration is not required.arbitration will take place in new york, new york.the arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator, who will serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. if the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the aaa will appoint the third arbitrator. barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within 120 days from the date the third arbitrator is selected by the two designated arbitrators or appointed by the aaa. the arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. all arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all related records will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. the decision and the arbitrators’ award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. a dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. the arbitrators’ award will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.h. governing lawthis limited snoozewear warranty will be governed by the laws of the state of new york.i. warrantorcasper sleep, inc.175 greenwich st., 40th floornew york, ny 10007support@casper.comcasper sleep final sale and clearance itemsunless otherwise indicated, products purchased from casper that are marked as “final sale” or “clearance” are subject to the modified limited warranty terms described below:your new casper mattress that was purchased that was marked as a “final sale” or “clearance” item is covered by the mattress warranty described above, provided, that the term of such warranty extends for a period of 5 years from the date you purchased the casper mattress. all other terms and conditions of the mattress warranty will apply as specified above.productsmattressespillowsbed framesadjustable bed framessheetsduvetsweighted blanketglow lightdog bedbundlesshop by sizetwintwin xlfullqueenkingcal kingsize guidesupportcontact usfaqreturnstrialwarrantyfinancingsave up & earn $protection planaboutour storycasper labsstoresjobspressawardsfollow casperinvestorstrade & commercialbetter sleep, better youresourcesmattress quizreviewsmattress salecasper promoscasper upgrade programrefer & earnstudent discountblogcasper vs. competitionmattress buying guidesign up for the latest snoozesubmitplease enter a valid email address.thanks! you've signed up successfully.facebook iconcasper on facebooktwitter iconcasper on twitterinstagram iconcasper on instagrampinterest iconvisit casper on pinterestlinkedin iconcasper on linkedinyoutube iconcasper on youtube+1 888.498.0003us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)united statesarrowdown pointing arrow© 2023privacytermsaccessibilitysitemapdo not sell my personal informationyour cartclosecloseyour cart is emptyshop nowclosewhiteglove icona hand catching some zzzsfast, free shipping*your order will ship via ups in 2-3 business days — for free!once your product ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number.* free shipping excludes alaska, hawaii, yukon territory, northwest territory and nunavutclosecompare bed framesadjustable base maxoriginally starting at $1,695for people looking for a personalized sleep setup with luxurious features.full suite of customizable features for a personalized sleep setup.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.wall-aligning technology keeps everything you need within reach.personalized presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsadjustable base prooriginally starting at $995for people looking for an elevated sleep setup with customizable features.offers flexibility to cater your individual sleep needs.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.customizable presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsmetal bed frame + foundationoriginally starting at $365for people looking for sturdy support and simple setup.no-tool, easy assemblyfoundation slats perfectly spaced to support for your casper mattress for yearsno-tool, easy assemblymade of 100% recycled steel, providing durable and sturdy support.see more detailsclosecompare mattresseswave hybridoriginally starting at $1,495for those who have aches and pains and want maximum support with cooling features.coolingairscape™ 3 + cooling geltop perforated foam layer increases airflow + 2 layers to keep you cool all night.a thin coating of cooling gel.supportzoned support™ max + gel podscontinuous ergonomic zones for full-body relief.softer foam around the shoulders provides more relief to the upper body.gel pods under the waist and lower back for healthy spine alignment.see more detailsnova hybridoriginally starting at $1,095for those who want a plush top layer without sacrificing support and cooling.coolingairscape™ 2a top layer of perforated foams increases airflow + 1 layer to keep you comfortably cool.supportzoned support™ pro3 zones of targeted support help with healthy spinal alignment.4 more zones of support add more pressure relief under shoulders and support under the waist.see more details