来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231211104/https://casper.com/mattresses/
================================================================================

shop the best mattresses online (2022) | casper® skip to main contentcloseartboardmattressesarrowdown pointing arrowbundlesarrowdown pointing arrowpillowsarrowdown pointing arrowbed framesarrowdown pointing arrowbeddingarrowdown pointing arrowaccessoriesarrowdown pointing arrowclearancemattress quiz1.888.498.0003reviewsfind a storeblogaccountget $75arrowdown pointing arrowbackmattresseselement pro10% off + free gift!originalmost popularoriginal hybridmost lovednova hybridmost comfortingwave hybridmost supportivewave hybrid snowmost supportive + coolingsee all mattressestake our mattress quizwave hybrid mattressmost supportivefrom $1,795. our most supportive mattress and the best for back pain.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.arrowdown pointing arrowbackpillowsoriginal casper pillowdown pillowhybrid pillowfoam pillow40% offfoam pillow - llfoam pillow with snow technology™ - llbackrest pillowsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillow - mid lofta down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbed framesadjustable bed framesattachable headboardsfoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed frameupholstered bed framesee all bed framescasper havenwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbeddingsheets & pillowcasesduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsup to 50% offmattress protectorscomfy mattress toppersee all beddingsupersoft sheets10% offour coziest sheets yet.arrowdown pointing arrowbackaccessoriesglow lightglow night lightweighted blanketup to $90 offdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setsnoozewear™see all accessoriessnoozewear™it’s bedtime somewhere. cozy up with snoozewear™.canada (english)united statescanada (français)us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesarrowdown pointing arrowmattressesmattressesmattresseselement pro10% off + free gift!originalmost popularoriginal hybridmost lovednova hybridmost comfortingwave hybridmost supportivewave hybrid snowmost supportive + coolingsee all mattressestake our mattress quizwave hybrid mattressmost supportivefrom $1,795. our most supportive mattress and the best for back pain.bundlesbundlesbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.pillowspillowspillowsoriginal casper pillowdown pillowhybrid pillowfoam pillow40% offfoam pillow - llfoam pillow with snow technology™ - llbackrest pillowsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillow - mid lofta down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.bed framesbed framesbed framesadjustable bed framesattachable headboardsfoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed frameupholstered bed framesee all bed framescasper havenwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.beddingbeddingbeddingsheets & pillowcasesduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsup to 50% offmattress protectorscomfy mattress toppersee all beddingsupersoft sheets10% offour coziest sheets yet.accessoriesaccessoriesaccessoriesglow lightglow night lightweighted blanketup to $90 offdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setsnoozewear™see all accessoriessnoozewear™it’s bedtime somewhere. cozy up with snoozewear™.clearancemattress quizartboardvisit usexplore casper sleep shopsfind a store near youfind a storecasper sleep shopsswing by one of our sleep shops, where sleep specialists can help you find the perfect mattress, share sleep knowledge and answer your questions about snooze.artboardclosetruckfree, no-contact delivery*vp-bar100-night risk-free trial*77ca7f4d-d6ef-4b11-88c4-73c8931b6107created with sketchtool.as low as 0% apr financing*mattressesexperience award-winning sleep.innovative support and cooling help you wake up refreshed for your best tomorrow.most popularcloseoriginalqueen: $1,295.00available in 6 sizesoriginalavailable in 6 sizesquick vieworiginalsize: 60" w x 80" l x 11" hqueen$1,295.00twin - $895.00twin xl - $995.00full - $1,195.00queen - $1,295.00king - $1,695.00cal king - $1,695.00arrowdown pointing arrowtwin$895.00twin xl$995.00full$1,195.00queen$1,295.00king$1,695.00cal king$1,695.00in stock, ships within 1-2 days | free shipping & returns?your order is expected to arrive within 1-2 days with our carrier ups. in-home delivery and setup orders typically take 2-4 weeks after the ship date to schedule. in alaska or hawaii? additional shipping costs apply. learn more at checkout.add to cartmost lovedcloseoriginal hybridqueen: $1,695.00available in 6 sizesoriginal hybridavailable in 6 sizesquick vieworiginal hybridsize: 60" w x 80" l x 11" hqueen$1,695.00twin - $1,295.00twin xl - $1,395.00full - $1,595.00queen - $1,695.00king - $2,095.00cal king - $2,095.00arrowdown pointing arrowtwin$1,295.00twin xl$1,395.00full$1,595.00queen$1,695.00king$2,095.00cal king$2,095.00in stock, ships within 1-2 days | free shipping & returns?your order is expected to arrive within 1-2 days with our carrier ups. in-home delivery and setup orders typically take 2-4 weeks after the ship date to schedule. in alaska or hawaii? additional shipping costs apply. learn more at checkout.add to cartmost comfortingclosenova hybridqueen: $2,295.00available in 6 sizesnova hybridavailable in 6 sizesquick viewnova hybridsize: 60" w x 80" l x 12" hqueen$2,295.00twin xl - $1,795.00full - $2,145.00queen - $2,295.00king - $2,895.00cal king - $2,895.00arrowdown pointing arrowtwin xl$1,795.00full$2,145.00queen$2,295.00king$2,895.00cal king$2,895.00in stock, ships within 1-2 days | free shipping & returns?your order is expected to arrive within 1-2 days with our carrier ups. in-home delivery and setup orders typically take 2-4 weeks after the ship date to schedule. in alaska or hawaii? additional shipping costs apply. learn more at checkout.add to cartmost supportiveclosewave hybridqueen: $2,895.00available in 6 sizeswave hybridavailable in 6 sizesquick viewwave hybridsize: 60" w x 80" l x 13" hqueen$2,895.00twin - out of stocktwin xl - $2,395.00full - $2,745.00queen - $2,895.00king - $3,495.00cal king - $3,495.00arrowdown pointing arrowtwinout of stocktwin xl$2,395.00full$2,745.00queen$2,895.00king$3,495.00cal king$3,495.00in stock, ships within 1-2 days | free shipping & returns?your order is expected to arrive within 1-2 days with our carrier ups. in-home delivery and setup orders typically take 2-4 weeks after the ship date to schedule. in alaska or hawaii? additional shipping costs apply. learn more at checkout.add advanced cooling: snow technology+$500our most advanced solution for nighttime overheating.learn moreadd to cartour best-selling mattress, with balanced support and cooling.our highest-rated mattress, with springs for enhanced airflow.soothing comfort with enhanced support for a better night’s rest.our most ergonomic mattress to ease aches and pains.supportcoolingzoned support™3 zones of targeted support for proper spinal alignment.foam basethe durable base is engineered to prevent sinking and sagging while supporting your whole body.supportcoolingzoned support™3 zones of targeted support for proper spinal alignment.hybrid baseresilient springs add extra lift, support, and airflow.supportcoolingzoned support™ pro7 zones of targeted support help with healthy spinal alignment.softer under shoulders for pressure relief; firmer under the waist and lower back for support.hybrid baseresilient springs add extra lift, support, and airflow.hybridhybrid snowsupportcoolingzoned support™ max + gel podscontinuous ergonomic zones for maximum support and full-body relief.a unique 3d foam shaping system that gently sinks shoulders for optimal spinal alignment.up to 86 gel pods cradle waist and lower back for even more ergonomic support.hybrid baseresilient springs add extra lift, support, and airflow.shop originalshop original hybridshop nova hybridshop wave hybridbest-in-class for your sleep needsconsumer reports recommends the original and original hybrid mattresses. curious why? learn more below.meet the originalshop nowshop nowmeet the original hybridshop nowshop nowmeet your perfect mattressfind your perfect mattress with a few easy questions.take the quizmattress 101: what you need to knowwhat goes under your mattressmake sure you use a firm, non-spring foundation or a bed frame with slats that are less than 4 inches apart to ensure proper support. need a new setup? we’ve got you.size mattersall of our mattresses come in six standard sizes and fit regular sheets. queen and king are the most popular picks, and cal king is great for taller sleepers.worried about overheating?sleeping hot is a common issue. that’s why we made snow technology available in our wave hybrid mattress. now you can sleep cool for 12+ hours.time to checkout and relax*after you buy your mattress online, we’ll ship it for free. if you’re not in love we have a 100-night trial. we’ll pick it up and give you a full refund after the 30-night adjustment period. don’t forget, we also have pillows and glow lights for your bedtime routine.*select products ineligible for free shipping where indicated. additional shipping fees apply to ak, hi, yukon, nunavut, and n.w.t. see termsmattress 101: what you need to knowwhat goes under your mattressmake sure you use a firm, non-spring foundation or a bed frame with slats that are less than 4 inches apart to ensure proper support. need a new setup? we’ve got you.size mattersall of our mattresses come in six standard sizes and fit regular sheets. queen and king are the most popular picks, and cal king is great for taller sleepers.worried about overheating?sleeping hot is a common issue. that’s why we made snow technology available in our wave hybrid mattress. now you can sleep cool for 12+ hours.time to checkout and relax*after you buy your mattress online, we’ll ship it for free. if you’re not in love we have a 100-night trial. we’ll pick it up and give you a full refund after the 30-night adjustment period. don’t forget, we also have pillows and glow lights for your bedtime routine.*select products ineligible for free shipping where indicated. additional shipping fees apply to ak, hi, yukon, nunavut, and n.w.t. see termsneed help deciding? chat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask awaytake a test naptry out one of our mattresses in person at one of our stores.find a location near you.give us a ringour sleep specialists are here to help you find the mattress of your dreams. give us a call at+1 917.382.8157.chat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask awaytake a test naptry out one of our mattresses in person at one of our stores.find a location near you.give us a ringour sleep specialists are here to help you find the mattress of your dreams. give us a call at+1 917.382.8157.chat with usour award-winning customer service can answer any of your sleep questions.ask awaytake a test naptry out one of our mattresses in person at one of our stores.find a location near you.give us a ringour sleep specialists are here to help you find the mattress of your dreams. give us a call at+1 917.382.8157.how does casper compare?let's put this to rest. only casper mattresses are designed with research and innovation from casper labs. many companies promise the same thing, but there is only one casper.see how casper comparesfrequently asked questionswhat is the best mattress for you?closefinding the right mattress will depend on a few key factors: proper support and personal preference. however, your budget, ideal mattress size, and even, your sleeping position may also dictate the type of mattress you will purchase. for a good night’s sleep, casper has the best mattresses. whether you prefer a firm or soft mattress, foam or hybrid, there’s a quality casper mattress waiting for you.need help finding your perfect mattress? learn how to choose a mattress with our buying guide.which casper mattress is right for me?closeevery casper mattress is designed for comfort and support, but each has unique benefits to suit your individual sleep style and preferences. for example, hot sleepers may prioritize the benefits of snow technology in casper’s cooling mattresses. sleepers with aches and pains might look to the unmatched support of the wave hybrid, while those who are looking to upgrade to a higher quality mattress at a cozy price could consider the element mattress. if you’re not sure where to start, find a casper mattress store near you or book a virtual appointment with one of our sleep specialists to find your perfect mattress.what is a mattress in a box?closea mattress in a box is a mattress that’s compressed in an air-sealed bag and rolled tight so that it can fit into a box that’s easier to maneuver than a traditional mattress. allowing you the flexibility of picking your mattress online and having it easily delivered to your door. when you receive the mattress, all you’ll need to do is pull it out of its packaging, lay it flat, and let it expand. which mattress size is best for me?closebuying a new mattress is not a one-size-fits-all situation, so it’s essential to evaluate your individual needs. if you have a history of back pain or sleep problems, you may want a free trial period to help you make sure you’re comfortable with your new mattress. here are some major factors you will want to consider when choosing a mattress. your room sizethe amount of space available to you should be considered. a larger mattress will take up more space, so plan accordingly and ensure there is plenty of space in your bedroom for your mattress. below are the mattress sizes in square inches and square feet. twin: 2,925 sq. in./20.3 sq. ft.twin xl: 3,120 sq. in./21.7 sq. ft.full: 4,050 sq. in./28.1 sq. ft.queen: 4,800 sq. in./33.3 sq. ft.king: 6,080 sq. in./42.2 sq. ft.california king: 6,048 sq. in./42 sq. ft. your body sizeyou should take your height and width into consideration when choosing a mattress. a typical twin mattress is 75 inches tall, while a twin xl is 80 inches tall. if an individual is taller than six feet two inches, a twin mattress is probably not for them. instead, it’s best to go with the xl, full, queen, or king bed—all of which can accommodate someone who is up to 6 feet 7 inches. those that are taller than 7 feet should opt for a california king bed. for those who want more space on either side of their body, a full, queen, or king bed will be the most comfortable. your budgetthe amount of money you are willing to spend on a mattress can also help you choose the right size. buying a mattress that meets both your size needs and your financial needs is key. still unsure? check out our mattress size comparison guidewhat are hybrid mattresses?closea hybrid mattress combines the pressure relief of foam with the sturdy feel of resilient springs for added support and bounce. to learn more check out our hybrid mattresses guide.what is memory foam?closememory foam is a synthetic material known for its use in mattresses (although it’s also used in bedding, shoes, and furniture). it’s soft, durable, and heat-wicking abilities provide support for aching joints and have made it popular with sleepers of all body types and sleep styles. curious on how it works? check out our memory foam mattresses guide.how do i keep my mattress clean?closeuse protectionusing a mattress protector is a no-brainer to guard against dirt, spills, and normal wear and tear. we developed a water resistent mattress protector that conforms through the sides to keep it pristine. the best part? it won’t compromise the comfort of your bed. give it a bathwhile we don’t recommend trying to wash it yourself, there are plenty of professionals out there who can get the job done. we recommend contacting your local mattress cleaning service and scheduling a convenient home visit. keep it smelling freshto keep odors in check, air out the mattress by freeing it from the sheets and opening a few windows. for serious smell situations, consider sprinkling baking soda on the cover, then vacuuming it away before putting the sheets back on. keep out dust with fitted sheetsuse fitted sheets to protect your mattress from dust, dirt, and dead skin. this will help keep your allergies at bay and ensure that dust mites don’t find a new home. rotate your mattressalong with regular cleaning, periodically rotate your mattress head-to-foot (180°) every six months to make sure it wears evenly. there’s no need to flip a casper mattress — each layer is strategically designed for your comfort and not to be flipped.what does the mattress protection plan cover?closethe protection plan covers stains, rips, and tears from any single incident. this includes spilling coffee in bed, ink stains, and common accidents from children and pets. there’s no deductible and no limit on the number of claims you can make. that means that no matter how many times you move, or how many times you have breakfast in bed, you’ll be covered.what should i do with my old mattress when i buy a new one?closeif your old mattress is on the way out but you're not sure what to do with it, we've got some ideas! did you know that your old mattress can be recycled? before disposing of your mattress, look into your state's policies for mattress removal, as that will be the most environmentally friendly option. if you are not able to recycle it, consider donating it to a local charitable organization so that your mattress can go to someone in need. other options include reselling it, repurposing it, or throwing it away responsibly. for more information, read our guide on how to dispose of a mattress.casper logo mark>mattressesproductsmattressespillowsbed framesadjustable bed framessheetsduvetsweighted blanketglow lightdog bedbundlesshop by sizetwintwin xlfullqueenkingcal kingsize guidesupportcontact usfaqreturnstrialwarrantyfinancingsave up & earn $protection planaboutour storycasper labsstoresjobspressawardsfollow casperinvestorstrade & commercialbetter sleep, better youresourcesmattress quizreviewsmattress salecasper promoscasper upgrade programrefer & earnstudent discountblogcasper vs. competitionmattress buying guidesign up for the latest snoozesubmitplease enter a valid email address.thanks! you've signed up successfully.facebook iconcasper on facebooktwitter iconcasper on twitterinstagram iconcasper on instagrampinterest iconvisit casper on pinterestlinkedin iconcasper on linkedinyoutube iconcasper on youtube+1 888.498.0003us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)united statesarrowdown pointing arrow© 2023privacytermsaccessibilitysitemapdo not sell my personal informationyour cartclosecloseyour cart is emptyshop nowclosewhiteglove icona hand catching some zzzsfast, free shipping*your order will ship via ups in 2-3 business days — for free!once your product ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number.* free shipping excludes alaska, hawaii, yukon territory, northwest territory and nunavutclosecompare bed framesadjustable base maxoriginally starting at $1,695for people looking for a personalized sleep setup with luxurious features.full suite of customizable features for a personalized sleep setup.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.wall-aligning technology keeps everything you need within reach.personalized presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsadjustable base prooriginally starting at $995for people looking for an elevated sleep setup with customizable features.offers flexibility to cater your individual sleep needs.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.customizable presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsmetal bed frame + foundationoriginally starting at $365for people looking for sturdy support and simple setup.no-tool, easy assemblyfoundation slats perfectly spaced to support for your casper mattress for yearsno-tool, easy assemblymade of 100% recycled steel, providing durable and sturdy support.see more detailsclosecompare mattresseswave hybridoriginally starting at $1,495for those who have aches and pains and want maximum support with cooling features.coolingairscape™ 3 + cooling geltop perforated foam layer increases airflow + 2 layers to keep you cool all night.a thin coating of cooling gel.supportzoned support™ max + gel podscontinuous ergonomic zones for full-body relief.softer foam around the shoulders provides more relief to the upper body.gel pods under the waist and lower back for healthy spine alignment.see more detailsnova hybridoriginally starting at $1,095for those who want a plush top layer without sacrificing support and cooling.coolingairscape™ 2a top layer of perforated foams increases airflow + 1 layer to keep you comfortably cool.supportzoned support™ pro3 zones of targeted support help with healthy spinal alignment.4 more zones of support add more pressure relief under shoulders and support under the waist.see more details