来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231211104/https://casper.com/mattress-quiz/start/
================================================================================

mattress quiz - find your perfect mattress type | casper® skip to main contentcloseartboardmattressesarrowdown pointing arrowholidaybundlesarrowdown pointing arrowpillowsarrowdown pointing arrowbed framesarrowdown pointing arrowbeddingarrowdown pointing arrowgiftsarrowdown pointing arrowclearancemattress quiz1.888.498.0003reviewsfind a storeblogaccountget $75arrowdown pointing arrowbackmattresseselement pronew!originalup to $175 offoriginal hybridup to $325 offnova hybridup to $425 offwave hybridup to $700 offwave hybrid snowup to $800 offsee all mattressestake our mattress quizwave hybrid mattressup to $700 offstarting at $1,435: our most supportive mattress and the best for back pain.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.arrowdown pointing arrowbackpillowsoriginal casper pillowdown pillowhybrid pillowhybrid pillow - ll43% offfoam pillow30% offfoam pillow - llfoam pillow with snow technology™ - llbackrest pillowsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillow - mid lofta down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbed framesadjustable bed framesattachable headboardsfoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed frameupholstered bed framesee all bed framescasper havenwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.arrowdown pointing arrowbackbeddingsheets & pillowcasesduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsup to 50% offmattress protectorscomfy mattress toppersee all beddingsupersoft sheetsnewour coziest sheets yet.arrowdown pointing arrowbackgiftsglow lightglow night lightweighted blanketup to $90 offdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setsnoozewear™see all giftssnoozewear™it’s bedtime somewhere. cozy up with snoozewear™.canada (english)united statescanada (français)us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statesunited statesarrowdown pointing arrowmattressesmattressesmattresseselement pronew!originalup to $175 offoriginal hybridup to $325 offnova hybridup to $425 offwave hybridup to $700 offwave hybrid snowup to $800 offsee all mattressestake our mattress quizwave hybrid mattressup to $700 offstarting at $1,435: our most supportive mattress and the best for back pain.holidaybundlesbundlesbundlesbest-selling bundle20% offupgrade bundle15% offcomfy bundle20% offsee all bundlesbest-selling bundle20% offour most popular sleep products for one cozy price.pillowspillowspillowsoriginal casper pillowdown pillowhybrid pillowhybrid pillow - ll43% offfoam pillow30% offfoam pillow - llfoam pillow with snow technology™ - llbackrest pillowsee all pillowsoriginal casper pillow - mid lofta down-alternative pillow that is soft, yet supportive.bed framesbed framesbed framesadjustable bed framesattachable headboardsfoundation + metal bed framecasper haven bed framecasper repose bed frameupholstered bed framesee all bed framescasper havenwrapped in premium felted wool for all-around softness.beddingbeddingbeddingsheets & pillowcasesduvetsquilts, blankets and throwsup to 50% offmattress protectorscomfy mattress toppersee all beddingsupersoft sheetsnewour coziest sheets yet.giftsgiftsgiftsglow lightglow night lightweighted blanketup to $90 offdog bedsilk pillowcase + sleep mask setsnoozewear™see all giftssnoozewear™it’s bedtime somewhere. cozy up with snoozewear™.clearancemattress quizartboardvisit usexplore casper sleep shopsfind a store near youfind a storecasper sleep shopsswing by one of our sleep shops, where sleep specialists can help you find the perfect mattress, share sleep knowledge and answer your questions about snooze.artboardclosetruckfree, no-contact delivery*vp-bar100-night risk-free trial*77ca7f4d-d6ef-4b11-88c4-73c8931b6107created with sketchtool.as low as 0% apr financing*group 4meet your perfect mattress.every casper mattress is designed by the sleep experts at casper labs to optimize your sleep. find your perfect match with a few easy questions.take the quizsee why people sleep better with casperfilter reviews by mattress:original mattressoriginal mattressnova hybrid mattresswave hybrid mattresswave hybrid snow mattressnova hybrid snow mattressarrowdown pointing arroworiginal mattressnova hybrid mattresswave hybrid mattresswave hybrid snow mattressnova hybrid snow mattressoriginal mattressnova hybrid mattresswave hybrid mattresswave hybrid snow mattressnova hybrid snow mattressthe best mattress i've ever slept on, no kidding!from the delivery of the box to the magical unfolding of the king size mattress to the first time laying on the bed, all smiles here! i have traveled for work for years, often…continue readingpaulcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerdubuque, iareview of prior model (the casper mattress).best investment we've ever madebought a mattress 5 years ago specifically for back problems. over the past year woke up daily with hip and back pain. literally crawling out of bed. our son and his wife have a…continue readingmary lou gcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerel dorado hills, careview of prior model (the casper mattress).hallelujah!!!!we bought a new (not casper) mattress two years ago, and my husband detested it. he woke up with multiple aches and pains and in a terrible grump each morning. it was awful! our…continue readingsusancheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownermontgomery, moreview of prior model (the casper mattress).best sleep in years!!here goes..... my husband has wanted another brand of foam mattress for the past 10 years and i thought it was overpriced and too firm and my friend said it was hot to sleep on.…continue readingsonja kintercheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerphillipsburg, ksreview of prior model (the casper mattress).this mattress literally hugs you to sleepi can't say enough about the comfort of casper for both me and my wife. i have had the mattress for 1 year now and did not want to include any unintentional bias in my review.…continue readingmaxcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerstanchfield, mnreview of prior model (the casper mattress).pretty good actually!great delivery and packaging. great presentation of information packet as box is opened. very impressed! we primarily tried casper because with our previous mattress, it was noisy…continue readingk and r dobsoncheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownercanton, ohreview of prior model (the casper mattress).compare the mattresseswhat kind of mattress do you need? take the quizsimply answer the questions in our quiz and we'll help you find the perfect mattress for a good night's sleep. in the quiz, we'll evaluate your: current mattress type - select whether your current bed setup has a foam, innerspring, or hybrid mattress.preferred mattress size: looking for a twin or full? queen or king? let us know the mattress size you need!sleeping position: are you a back, stomach, or side sleeper? there’s something for every sleeping position.sleep concerns: let us know the top things keeping you from having a good night’s sleep.unique preferences - whether you like a firm mattress and a cool sleep or a soft mattress on a warm and cozy bed, we’ll tailor your mattress recommendation. at casper, we consider your sleep style and need to recommend a new mattress that provides you with support, comfort, and great care.still deciding? compareall casper mattresses.still deciding? compareall casper mattresses.still deciding? compare all casper mattresses.compare mattressesproductsmattressespillowsbed framesadjustable bed framessheetsduvetsweighted blanketglow lightdog bedbundlesshop by sizetwintwin xlfullqueenkingcal kingsize guidesupportcontact usfaqreturnstrialwarrantyfinancingsave up & earn $protection planaboutour storycasper labsstoresjobspressawardsfollow casperinvestorstrade & commercialbetter sleep, better youresourcesmattress quizreviewsmattress salecasper promoscasper upgrade programrefer & earnstudent discountblogcasper vs. competitionmattress buying guidesign up for the latest snoozesubmitplease enter a valid email address.thanks! you've signed up successfully.facebook iconcasper on facebooktwitter iconcasper on twitterinstagram iconcasper on instagrampinterest iconvisit casper on pinterestlinkedin iconcasper on linkedinyoutube iconcasper on youtube+1 888.498.0003us flagshop casper mattresses in the united statescanada (english)canada (français)united statesarrowdown pointing arrow© 2022privacytermsaccessibilitysitemapdo not sell my personal informationyour cartclosecloseyour cart is emptyshop nowclosewhiteglove icona hand catching some zzzsfast, free shipping*your order will ship via ups in 2-3 business days — for free!once your product ships, you’ll receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number.* free shipping excludes alaska, hawaii, yukon territory, northwest territory and nunavutclosepaulcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerdubuque, iathe best mattress i've ever slept on, no kidding!from the delivery of the box to the magical unfolding of the king size mattress to the first time laying on the bed, all smiles here! i have traveled for work for years, often sleeping on different beds at different hotels night after night. none of those beds compare to our casper mattress and i've probably tried them all. every time i climb into bed i smile and tell my wife i love our mattress. i think you will love it too.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closemary lou gcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerel dorado hills, cabest investment we've ever madebought a mattress 5 years ago specifically for back problems. over the past year woke up daily with hip and back pain. literally crawling out of bed. our son and his wife have a casper. we slept on it for two nights and i woke up with no pain! immediately went home and ordered online figuring we had 100 days to try it out. it's been 30 days and no amount of money could make us part with this mattress! hip, back pain gone. we don't \"roll\" into each other anymore. great night's sleep. it's the best investment you can make. you won't be sorry. i don't usually write reviews but had no problem writing one for casper. a great product at a great price.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closesusancheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownermontgomery, mohallelujah!!!!we bought a new (not casper) mattress two years ago, and my husband detested it. he woke up with multiple aches and pains and in a terrible grump each morning. it was awful! our daughter bought a casper at christmas and persuaded us to try one, stressing that, with the refund guarantee, we really had nothing to lose. hallelujah!!! the husband now wakes up pain-free and smiling. i can't thank casper enough for a wonderful night's sleep, a happy morning, and a saved marriage. 😄. the mattress opening is hilarious and an event in itself . do not undo anything until you're absolutely ready: it like a giant inflating marshmallow and a wonder to behold.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closesonja kintercheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerphillipsburg, ksbest sleep in years!!here goes..... my husband has wanted another brand of foam mattress for the past 10 years and i thought it was overpriced and too firm and my friend said it was hot to sleep on. when we started hearing the ads on satellite radio about casper we checked it out and thought if we can return it after 100 nights it's worth a try. we've had a w hotel mattress (good, but also very pricey) and then a restonic in the past but after 1 night on the casper we were both sold!!! a month later, my husband's problem with numbness in his arm at night and my hip pain that would wake me is gone and we both wake up feeling rested and ready to take on our day! it literally takes 20 minutes to setup and your ready to sleep. we love it and tell all our friends and family they should try one for themselves! it will be what we purchase for the guest room when needed.review of prior model (the casper mattress).closemaxcheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownerstanchfield, mnthis mattress literally hugs you to sleepi can't say enough about the comfort of casper for both me and my wife. i have had the mattress for 1 year now and did not want to include any unintentional bias in my review. therefore i needed undisputed evidence and now i have it. my wife and i went on holiday travel to almost every friend and relative we have (aka a lot of foreign bedtime). when we returned it was literally the best thing to makeup in our casper after a complete, deep, and restoring sleep. i attribute it 100% to casper and can't thank the company enough for the great product and support (punny).review of prior model (the casper mattress).closek and r dobsoncheckmark variant 2a "verified" checkmarkverified casper ownercanton, ohpretty good actually!great delivery and packaging. great presentation of information packet as box is opened. very impressed! we primarily tried casper because with our previous mattress, it was noisy when we turned over during the night.. this consistently woke up my husband. not good... with our casper he says he doesn't hear me roll over or even get out of bed during the night! yay! it does feel sort of firm to me, but i'm sure that will slacken over time. thanks - it's a keeper!review of prior model (the casper mattress).closecompare bed framesadjustable base maxoriginally starting at $1,695for people looking for a personalized sleep setup with luxurious features.full suite of customizable features for a personalized sleep setup.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.wall-aligning technology keeps everything you need within reach.personalized presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsadjustable base prooriginally starting at $995for people looking for an elevated sleep setup with customizable features.offers flexibility to cater your individual sleep needs.zero gravity position helps relax your body for balanced comfort.anti-snore raises your head and chest to reduce pressure on your airway and keep you comfortably asleep.customizable presets save your favorite positions.see more detailsmetal bed frame + foundationoriginally starting at $365for people looking for sturdy support and simple setup.no-tool, easy assemblyfoundation slats perfectly spaced to support for your casper mattress for yearsno-tool, easy assemblymade of 100% recycled steel, providing durable and sturdy support.see more detailsclosecompare mattresseswave hybridoriginally starting at $1,495for those who have aches and pains and want maximum support with cooling features.coolingairscape™ 3 + cooling geltop perforated foam layer increases airflow + 2 layers to keep you cool all night.a thin coating of cooling gel.supportzoned support™ max + gel podscontinuous ergonomic zones for full-body relief.softer foam around the shoulders provides more relief to the upper body.gel pods under the waist and lower back for healthy spine alignment.see more detailsnova hybridoriginally starting at $1,095for those who want a plush top layer without sacrificing support and cooling.coolingairscape™ 2a top layer of perforated foams increases airflow + 1 layer to keep you comfortably cool.supportzoned support™ pro3 zones of targeted support help with healthy spinal alignment.4 more zones of support add more pressure relief under shoulders and support under the waist.see more details