来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241230225842/https://casper.com/pages/delivery
================================================================================

fast mattress delivery - free shipping | casper skip to content sleep specialists on call @ 888.498.000320% off mattresses* open navigation menu open search mattresses foam the one hybrids dream snow maxes dream max snow max shop all mattresses take the quiz compare mattresses take the quiz bundles core bundles best-selling bundle comfy bundle cooling bundles snow bundle cool sleep bundle adjustable bundles adjustable bundle adjustable pro bundle adjustable max bundle shop all bundles shop all bundles pillows fiber original pillow down pillow foam foam pillow foam snow pillow hybrid hybrid pillow hybrid snow pillow backrest pillow shop all pillows shop all pillows furniture adjustable bed frames adjustable base adjustable base pro adjustable base max bed frames the foundation metal bed frame upholstered bed frame haven bed frame repose bed frame headboards bliss attachable headboard drift attachable headboard shop all furniture shop all furniture bedding sheets percale sheet set supersoft sheet set hyperlite sheet set mattress protectors waterproof mattress protector breathable mattress protector shop all bedding shop clearance shop all bedding accessories snoozewear blanket robe glow glow light glow night light the rest dog bed comfy mattress topper shop all accessories shop all accessories explore about us why casper? reviews casper vs competition offers financing options discount program help contact us sleep education delivery shop all mattresses pillows bedding clearance why casper? sale casper sleep stores open search open cart 0 mattresses bundles pillows furniture bedding accessories explore sale stores mattresses shop all mattresses compare mattresses the one dream snow dream max snow max take the quiz take the quiz bundles shop all bundles best-selling bundle comfy bundle snow bundle cool sleep bundle adjustable bundle adjustable pro bundle adjustable max bundle shop all bundles pillows shop all pillows fiber foam hybrid shop all pillows furniture shop all furniture adjustable bed frames bed frames headboards shop all furniture bedding shop all bedding sheets mattress protectors shop clearance shop all bedding accessories shop all accessories blanket robe glow light glow night light dog bed comfy mattress topper shop all accessories explore about us offers help shop all why casper? about us why casper? reviews casper vs competition offers financing options discount program help contact us sleep education delivery shop all mattresses pillows bedding clearance close cookie policywe use cookies and similar technologies to provide the best experience on our website. refer to our privacy policy for more information. accept decline 0 your cart is empty continue shopping clear close mattresses bundles pillows furniture bedding accessories explore sale plan for your delivery. fastest delivery- delivery in 2-8 business days- free shipping for mattresses*- set delivery preferences using ups mychoice learn moreleast heavy lifting- delivery in 2-4 weeks- optional free mattress removal- schedule preferred delivery date learn more need it sooner?sleep on your new mattress tonight.e-zzz curbside pick upsleep specialist consultationbook a 30-min nap appointment find a store fastest delivery.ups standard ground shippingin stock products are typically delivered within 2-8 business days after order.casper mattress boxes are about the size of a mini-fridge and can weigh anywhere from 47-139 lbs depending on the mattress model and size. teamwork makes the dream work — unboxing is easiest when you have a helping hand.as soon as it’s available, we’ll send ups tracking information via email for each item in your order. during checkout, you can opt-in to receive text message updates or add a signature requirement for your delivery. when you sign up for ups my choice®, you can keep a closer eye on your shipments, modify your shipping preferences, or schedule a future delivery date.processing timeorder processing typically takes 1-3 business days. please keep in mind that delivery may take longer during/after holidays or severe weather conditions. due to changes in product availability, sometimes there will be “ships by” messaging on our site.the product is set to ship by the date provided, at the latest, which means it can ship any day before.while these orders have a slightly longer processing time, the travel time via ups is still a standard 1-5 business days.shipping feesshipping via ups is free for mattresses, soft goods, and accessories within the contiguous united states. we are unable to ship to apo and po boxes, or us territories like puerto rico and the virgin islands. let us do the heavy lifting for $249.in home delivery and setup service + optional mattress removalhow does in-home delivery and setup work?when you purchase products to be delivered via our in-home delivery and set up partners at rxo, it typically takes 2-4 weeks for items to be delivered to your home. if your order includes soft goods like sheets and pillows, those items will be delivered directly to your door via ups, while the mattress and furniture will be sent to our delivery partners. rxo will work with you to schedule a delivery date and removal if you opted into product removal at the time of purchase. 1.) after you have placed an order with in-home delivery and setup, our partner rxo logistics will send you an order confirmation (separate from your casper order confirmation) with a scheduling link. once your product(s) arrive at rxo's location, the scheduling link will update, and rxo's automated phone system will call and provide you with the next available date for delivery. you’ll also be able to talk to an rxo scheduling agent.2.) the day before your delivery date, you'll receive a call that confirms a four-hour delivery window in which your delivery team will arrive. during that four-hour window, they will call again within 30 minutes of their arrival. ​​you must answer both calls and confirm verbally to accept the delivery.3.)the delivery team will bring your in-home delivery eligible casper products to the appropriate room, set them up, and remove any packaging materials.4.) you can also add a removal service to remove and recycle your previously owned mattress and foundation/box spring. to be eligible for the removal of a mattress and box spring, those items must be purchased through casper. an order with one mattress will be eligible for the removal of one used mattress. an order with one foundation will be eligible for the removal of one used box spring/foundation.all mattresses removed using casper’s in-home delivery and setup service must be in sanitary condition, to be determined by the on-site delivery team, and all box springs must be able to be removed without being broken down.please note that our delivery partner does not remove bed frames. in addition, our partners are limited to arranging and setting up casper products only. frequently asked questions can you expedite shipping? all casper products ship via ups standard shipping which typically takes 2-8 business days. since we cannot expedite orders, your best bet would be to visit one of our stores. click here to use our store locator to find the casper sleepshop or partner store nearest you! do you deliver on saturday or sunday? ups will occasionally deliver ground packages on saturdays. in order to get your order on saturday or sunday, we recommend having your packages delivered to a ups store or friend's house ahead of the weekend, where you can pick up your packages at your own convenience. can i specify a delivery date? since ups is a third party, we're unable to 100% guarantee that your order will be delivered on a specific date—occasionally a weather or operational delay could impact your delivery by a day or so. we are also unable to schedule a specific date through ups.as soon as your order ships out, we'll send over a shipping confirmation email with tracking number(s) you can use to follow the progress of your package. we recommend keeping a close eye on your order's tracking number(s) so you can see the estimated delivery date once it’s made available. you can also sign up for ups my choice® to receive an estimated time of arrival and to request any changes you need.with our option to add the in-home delivery and set-up service to your order for the price of $199, you will be able to schedule a specific delivery day for your applicable mattress and furniture items once they have arrived at the local hub closest to you. do i need to keep any of the packaging or boxes? for mattresses or larger items like furniture, no need to keep the box! we use large industrial machines to compress and pack our mattresses, so they won’t go back into their original package. if you don't want to throw the box away, it also makes an excellent rocket ship, side table, standing desk, or playhouse.soft goods are eligible for a full refund within 30 days of delivery or within 30 days of an in-store purchase, provided the merchandise is unused and in its original packaging and condition. for all of our other products, any box will do for a return. but if you have the space, feel free to hold onto it, as it might be the easiest way to get your products back to us.to initiate a return, you can click here or send an email to support@casper.com! i opted into the in-home delivery and setup, but i need a certificate of insurance (coi). what should i do? we recommend double-checking with your building's management before placing your order. the truth is, many buildings don't need a coi request for a casper delivery because our boxes are generally small enough! for exact product packaging sizes, please contact our product consulting team at +1 (917) 382-8157, and we’ll be happy to help weigh in.if you’re scheduling directly with our delivery partner, please schedule your delivery at least three days in advance to allow coi processing. for further help with this process, feel free to call +1 (800) 883-4593 or email lastmilecustomersupport@rxo.com.if you schedule your delivery window during the checkout process, please send your building's sample coi to support@casper.com and allow two business days to process. please put "coi request" in the subject line so we can see it immediately! products mattresses pillows bed frames adjustable bed frames sheets duvets cooling collection glow light dog bed shop by size twin twin xl full queen king cal king size guide support contact us faq returns trial warranty financing protection plan replacement parts order history about why casper? stores register my product trade & commercial jobs resources mattress quiz mattress buying guide reviews upgrade program military discount education discount healthcare discount blog casper vs competition privacy terms accessibility © 2025, casper sleep. privacy terms accessibility your privacy choices apply enter a valid discount code