来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250508151915/https://casper.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

casper sleep website privacy policy skip to content find a store up to 30% off bundles sleep specialists on call @ 888.498.0003 refer a friend casper sleep open navigation menu open search mattresses foams the one cloud one hybrids dream snow maxes dream max snow max shop all mattresses take the quiz compare mattresses take the quiz bundles core bundles best-selling bundle comfy bundle cooling bundles snow bundle cool sleep bundle adjustable bundles adjustable bundle adjustable pro bundle adjustable max bundle shop all bundles shop all bundles pillows fiber original pillow down pillow foam foam pillow foam snow pillow hybrid hybrid pillow hybrid snow pillow backrest pillow shop all pillows shop all pillows furniture adjustable bed frames adjustable base adjustable base pro adjustable base max bed frames the foundation metal bed frame upholstered bed frame haven bed frame repose bed frame headboards bliss attachable headboard drift attachable headboard shop all furniture shop all furniture bedding sheets percale sheet set supersoft sheet set hyperlite sheet set mattress protectors waterproof mattress protector breathable mattress protector duvets down duvet down-alt duvet shop all bedding shop clearance shop all bedding accessories snoozewear blanket robe glow glow light glow night light the rest dog bed comfy mattress topper shop all accessories shop all accessories explore about us why casper? reviews casper vs competition casper blog offers financing options discount program refer a friend welcome offer help contact us sleep education delivery returns shop all mattresses pillows bedding clearance why casper? sale stores open search cart empty 0 mattresses bundles pillows furniture bedding accessories explore sale stores mattresses shop all mattresses. navigate to mattresses page. shop all mattresses compare mattresses. navigate to mattresses page. compare mattresses the one. navigate to mattresses page. the one cloud one. navigate to mattresses page. cloud one dream. navigate to mattresses page. dream snow. navigate to mattresses page. snow dream max. navigate to mattresses page. dream max snow max. navigate to mattresses page. snow max take the quiz. navigate to mattresses page. take the quiz take the quiz bundles shop all bundles. navigate to bundles page. shop all bundles best-selling bundle. navigate to bundles page. best-selling bundle comfy bundle. navigate to bundles page. comfy bundle snow bundle. navigate to bundles page. snow bundle cool sleep bundle. navigate to bundles page. cool sleep bundle adjustable bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable bundle adjustable pro bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable pro bundle adjustable max bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable max bundle shop all bundles pillows shop all pillows. navigate to pillows page. shop all pillows fiber. navigate to pillows page. fiber foam. navigate to pillows page. foam hybrid. navigate to pillows page. hybrid shop all pillows furniture shop all furniture. navigate to furniture page. shop all furniture adjustable bed frames. navigate to furniture page. adjustable bed frames bed frames. navigate to furniture page. bed frames headboards. navigate to furniture page. headboards shop all furniture bedding shop all bedding. navigate to bedding page. shop all bedding sheets. navigate to bedding page. sheets mattress protectors. navigate to bedding page. mattress protectors duvets. navigate to bedding page. duvets shop clearance. navigate to bedding page. shop clearance shop all bedding accessories shop all accessories. navigate to accessories page. shop all accessories blanket robe. navigate to accessories page. blanket robe glow light. navigate to accessories page. glow light glow night light. navigate to accessories page. glow night light dog bed. navigate to accessories page. dog bed comfy mattress topper. navigate to accessories page. comfy mattress topper shop all accessories explore about us offers help shop all why casper? about us why casper? reviews casper vs competition casper blog offers financing options discount program refer a friend welcome offer help contact us sleep education delivery returns shop all mattresses pillows bedding clearance close cookie policywe use cookies and similar technologies to provide the best experience on our website. refer to our privacy policy for more information. accept decline 0 your cart is empty continue shopping clear close mattresses bundles pillows furniture bedding accessories explore sale casper sleep website privacy policy effective date: march 17, 2025this privacy policy describes our data practices with regard to your personal information, including the kinds of information we collect, how we collect, use, disclose and retain that information, and how you can exercise choice regarding that information. “personal information” means any information relating, or reasonably capable of being linked, to you.this privacy policy applies to casper.com and all other websites, applications, products, services, and other offerings (collectively, the “service” or “services”) owned and operated by casper sleep inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (“casper,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) that link to this privacy policy or offline locations that make this privacy policy available to you. it does not apply to information collected by third parties.your use of the services is also governed by our terms and conditions. by using our services, you agree to our collection, use, transfer, and other processing of your personal information as described in this policy, and consent to our terms and conditions. if you have any questions, please contact us as set out in the “contact us” section below.contentspersonal information we collect and how we collect ithow we use personal informationretentionhow we disclose personal informationprivacy choicesprivacy rights for residents of covered us statesnevada privacy rightsinternational visitorseu data transfersthird partiesdata securitychildrenchanges to our privacy policycontact us1. personal information we collect and how we collect itwhen you use the services, you may be asked to provide personal information to us, such as when you register an account, make a purchase, sign-up for our newsletters, participate in a promotion, respond to our surveys, contact support, or apply for a job. the categories of personal information we collect include:information you provide through the services·      identifiers and personal records, including your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and account credentials (including your username, password, password hints, and other information for authentication or account access), or other similar identifiers; bank account number, credit card number, debit card number or other financial information, education, employment, and employment history. this category includes information described in cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e). payment information is processed by our payment processors. we do not have access to your full payment instrument number.·      characteristics or demographics, such as your age and gender, or veteran status.·      commercial information, including records of products or services you purchased, obtained, or considered.·      user-generated content, including content within any messages you send to us (such as feedback, questions, survey responses, or information you enter into an online chat) or publicly post on the services (such as in product reviews or blog comments).·      audiovisual information, including audio data collected when interacting with customer service by phone and data collected through videoconferencing.·      professional, employment, or education-related information, including your employment and work history, transcripts, writing samples, references, and other information necessary to consider you for a job.information collected when you visit our storeswe collect personal information about you when you visit our stores in person. for example, we deploy security cameras to capture video for security purposes. in some stores, we deploy video cameras with software that allows us to count the number of users who enter our stores and track their physical movement within our stores. the software does not engage in facial scanning or track location outside our stores. it is capable of making inferences about a person’s age or gender, but is not used to specifically identify you. we do not deploy the software in our stores located in illinois.information collected from your device or browserwhen you use the services, we, our service providers, and third parties we work with automatically collect information from your browser or device. the categories of information we automatically collect include:·      device identifiers, including your device’s ip address.·      device information, including your device’s operating software and browser (e.g., type, version, and configuration), internet service provider, and regional and language settings.·      internet or other electronic network activity information, including information about your browsing history and interactions with our websites, applications, advertisements and emails, such as the features you use, pages you visit, content you view, purchases you make or consider, time of day you browse, and referring and exiting pages.·      non-precise location data, such as location derived from an ip address or data that indicates a city or postal code level.·      heat maps. we work with analytics service providers, such as hotjar, to collect information through tracking technologies and generate heat maps about user behavior on the services, including user clicks, taps, mouse movement, scrolling, and hot zones. details on how to opt-out of hotjar analytics is available at https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/.this information is automatically collected through cookies and other tracking technologies incorporated into our service, as described below:·      cookies. cookies are small text files which are placed on your browser when you visit a website, open or click on an email, or interact with an advertisement. our service uses session cookies (which expire when you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which expire at a set expiration date or when you manually delete them). we incorporate both first-party cookies (which are cookies served directly by us) and third-party cookies (which are cookies served by service providers and third parties we work with). we use cookies for a variety of purposes, including to help make our website work, personalize your browsing experience, to prevent fraud and assist with security, to perform measurement and analytics, and to provide advertising (including targeted advertising).·      pixels. pixels (also known as web beacons) are code embedded within the service or in our emails. there are various types of pixels, including image pixels (which are one-pixel transparent images) and javascript pixels (which contain javascript code). pixels are often associated with cookies and are used for similar purposes. when you access a service that contains a pixel, the pixel may permit us or a third party to drop or read cookies on your browser, or collect other information about your browser or device.·      app technologies. app tracking technologies are technologies included in our apps that are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings. for example, our apps may include software development kits (sdks), which are pieces of code released by third parties that provide certain functionality. app technologies are used for purposes similar to cookies and pixels and may permit us or a third party to collect information from your browser or device.information collected when you use glowwhen you use our glow light and accompanying mobile application, we collect information about how you use glow, such as when you turn it on, off, or change the brightness setting; your device type; and information about the light levels in the room glow is in to provide the right light settings.information collected from other sourceswe also collect information from other sources, including:·      business partners that offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing or promotional activities.·      third party vendors and related parties we work with in connection with receiving analytics, advertising, security, and fraud prevention services.·      social media platforms with which you interact. for example, when you “like,” “follow,” or otherwise engage with our content on social media (such as through our brand page or direct message), we may collect information such as your contact identifiers and any comments you provide. if you publicly reference our service on social media (such as by using a hashtag associated with us in a tweet or post), we may use your reference on or in connection with our service.·      your friends and family. if your friends or family use our referral service to tell you about casper, we may collect your personal information, such as your email address. if you use our referral service to refer others to casper, please do not provide us with any information relating to other consumers unless you have their express consent. for more information on referrals, please see our terms and conditions.·      data providers, such as licensors of private and public databases.·      public sources, including information in the public domain.information we inferwe infer personal information from other information, including to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics.sensitive informationto the extent any categories of information we collect are sensitive categories of personal information under applicable law, we process such information only for the limited purposes permitted by applicable law, such as to provide you with the goods or services you request or to fulfil our legal obligations. we do not sell or use sensitive categories of personal information for purposes of targeted advertising or to make inferences.online chatwe may offer interactive chat features on our services to assist you with customer service. when you participate in an interactive chat, either with a virtual or live agent, the contents of the chat may be captured and kept as a transcript. by using these features, you understand that our vendors may process the information obtained through the feature to provide the service on our behalf.2. how we use personal informationwe collect and use personal information in accordance with the practices described in this privacy policy, including in the following ways:·      providing services. we use personal information to provide services to you, including to operate the service, establish and maintain your account, and provide support.·      personalizing your experience. we use personal information to personalize your experience and show you content we believe you will find interesting. for example, if you sign up for our text messaging program, cookies may be used to personalize your experience (e.g. to send you personalized text messages such as shopping cart reminders).·      communications. we use personal information to communicate with you about updates, security alerts, changes to policies, and other transactional messages. we also use personal information to personalize and deliver marketing communications to you. communications may be by email, and, where you opt-in, text messages. to the extent casper obtains consent from you to send you text messages, casper does not share personal information, such as phone numbers, or consent with third parties or affiliates for those third parties or affiliates to send you texts on their own behalf.·      analytics. we use personal information to understand trends, usage, and activities, for example through surveys you respond to and tracking technologies that we incorporate into the service (such as google analytics). we also use personal information for research and development purposes, including to improve our services and make business and marketing decisions.·      advertising. we work with agencies, ad networks, technology providers, and other third parties to place ads about our products and services on other websites and services. for example, we place ads through google and facebook that you may view on their platforms as well as on other websites and services. as part of this process, we incorporate tracking technologies into our own service as well as into our ads displayed on other websites and services. some of these tracking technologies may track your activities over time and across non-affiliated services, and obtain or infer personal information about you for purposes of showing you relevant advertising based on your preferences and interests (“targeted advertising”). we also use audience matching services (which are a type of targeted advertising) to reach people (or people similar to people) who have visited our service or are identified in one or more of our databases (“matched ads”). this is done by us providing a list of hashed email addresses to a third party or incorporating a pixel from a third party into our own service, and the third party matching common factors between our data and their data. for instance, we incorporate the meta pixel on our service and may disclose your hashed email address to meta as part of our use of facebook custom audiences.·      sweepstakes / promotions. when you voluntarily enter a sweepstakes or promotion, we use personal information as set out in the official rules that govern the promotion as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law. by entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that promotion, and that, except where prohibited by applicable law, we, the sponsor, and related entities may use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.·      security and enforcement. we use personal information to prevent, detect, investigate, and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, or threats or harm.·      recruitment. we use personal information to make decisions about recruiting and in anticipation of an offer of employment.·      at your direction or with your consent. we use personal information for additional purposes where you direct us to use it in a certain way or with notice to you and your consent.sometimes we aggregate or de-identify information so it is no longer considered personal information. we may use non-personal information for any purpose to the extent permitted by applicable law.3. retentionwe retain the categories of personal information described in this policy for as long as reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was collected or otherwise authorized by law. this generally means holding the information for as long as one or more of the following apply:·      your personal information is reasonably necessary to manage our operations, to manage your relationship with us, or to satisfy another purpose for which we collected the information; ·      your personal information is reasonably necessary to carry out a disclosed purpose that is reasonably compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected; ·      the personal information is reasonably required to protect or defend our rights or property (which will generally relate to applicable laws that limit actions in a particular case); or ·      we are otherwise required or permitted to keep your personal information by applicable laws or regulations. 4. how we disclose personal informationcasper may disclose your personal information in the following ways:·      service providers. many of the vendors we work with are service providers that collect and process personal information on our behalf. service providers perform services for us such as payment processing, data analytics, marketing and advertising, website hosting, and technical support. to the extent required by law, we contractually prohibit our service providers from processing personal information they collect on our behalf for purposes other than performing services for us, although we may permit them to use non-personal information for any purpose to the extent permitted by applicable law.·      third-party vendors and related parties. some of the third parties we work with act as our service providers in some contexts, but in other contexts independently control the purposes and means of processing your personal information. for example, we disclose personal information to ad networks, technology providers, and other third parties that help provide targeted advertising, and may also use personal information for their own purposes.·      business partners. we disclose personal information to our business partners in connection with offering co-branded services, selling or distributing our products, or engaging in joint marketing or promotional activities.·      affiliates. we disclose personal information to our affiliates and related entities, including where they act as our service providers subject to this policy or use the information in accordance with their own privacy policies.·      the public. we disclose personal information you make public, such as information in your profile or that you post on public boards. please think carefully before making information public as you are solely responsible for any information you make public. once you have posted personal information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information, subject to any rights you have under applicable law.·      recipients in a merger or acquisition. we disclose personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another business.·      recipients for security and enforcement. we disclose personal information to comply with the law or other legal process, and where required, in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. we also disclose personal information to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of us, the service or anyone else.·      recipients at your direction or with your consent. we disclose personal information where you direct us to or with notice to you and your consent.sometimes we aggregate or de-identify information so it is no longer considered personal information. when we do so, we commit to maintaining and using the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information. we may disclose non-personal information for any purpose to the extent permitted by applicable law.some of our disclosures of personal information may be considered “sales” or “sharing” as those terms are defined under applicable state privacy laws. we sell or share the following categories of personal information: identifiers and personal records, characteristics or demographics, commercial information, user-generated content, internet or other electronic network activity information (including, device identifiers and information, non-precise geolocation data, and inferences drawn from any of the above). the categories of third parties to whom we sell or share personal information include vendors and other parties involved in targeted/cross-context behavioral advertising and certain types of analytics or website features. we do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 18 years old.5. privacy choiceswe provide a variety of ways for you to exercise your privacy choices, as described below.region-specific rightssome regions provide additional rights by law, as described in our region-specific sections below. please see section 6 of this policy for more details as to how you may exercise those rights to the extent they apply to you.communications you can opt-out of receiving certain communications from us, as described below. your opt-out is limited to the email address, phone number, or device used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.  ·      emails. you may unsubscribe from our marketing emails through your account settings, by following the “unsubscribe” instructions near the bottom of commercial emails from us, or by emailing us at as set out in the “contact us” section below with the word unsubscribe in the subject field of the email. please note that you cannot opt-out of transactional messages.·      texts and calls. for texts, you may unsubscribe by texting “stop” in response to any text message you receive from us or by contacting us as set out in the “contact us” section below and specifying you want to opt-out of text messages. for calls, you may opt-out by requesting to opt-out during any call you receive from us or by contacting us as set out in the “contact us” section below and specifying you want to opt-out of calls.·     push notifications. you can stop receiving push notifications from our mobile app by adjusting your device settings or uninstalling our app.accountif you hold an account with us, you can delete your account through your account settings. we will address your request in accordance with our data retention practices.browser and device controls·      cookies and pixels. you may be able to manage cookies through your browser settings. we also offer options to adjust certain cookie preferences through the your privacy choices link found in the footer of our website. when you manage cookies, pixels associated with such cookies may also be impacted. if you use multiple browsers, you will need to adjust your settings for each browser separately. if you delete or reset your cookies, you will need to reconfigure your settings. your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.·      app technologies. for some platforms (like apple ios), we will only receive access to your device’s ad id if you provide consent. you can reset your device’s ad id through your device settings, which is designed to limit how the prior ad id can be used. you can also stop collection of personal information within an app by uninstalling the app.·      do not track signals. your browser or extension may allow you to automatically transmit do not track signals. like many websites, our websites do not respond to do not track signals.·      third-party opt-out tools. some third parties we work with offer their own opt-out tools related to personal information collected through cookies and pixels. for example, to opt-out of your personal information being used by google analytics, please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. to opt-out of your personal information being used by google ads, please visit https://adssettings.google.com/anonymous?hl=enus&ref=mac-hub. we are not responsible for the effectiveness of any third party opt-out tools.·      industry opt-out tools for targeted advertising. some of the third parties we work with participate in programs that allow you to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising from participants. to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising from participants of the digital advertising alliance (“daa”) on your browser, visit https://www.aboutads.info/choices. to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising from participants of the network advertising initiative (“nai”) on your browser, visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising from participants of the daa on our apps, visit https://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. we are not responsible for the effectiveness of any third party opt-out tools.matched adsto opt-out of disclosures of your email address to third parties for matched ads purposes, please submit a request through our webform. we will remove your email address from any subsequent lists disclosed to third parties for matched ads purposes.6. privacy rights for residents of covered us statesyou may have additional privacy rights under the law of the state in which you live. this section describes the rights available to california residents, and consumers in colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas, utah, and virginia (collectively, “covered states”). if you are a resident of a covered state, you can submit a request relating to your personal information through our webform or call us at 1-855-255-8611. please note that we may need to authenticate your identity before your request can be processed. for authentication, you will typically be asked to provide 2-3 pieces of personal information that we will match against our records. in some states and for some types of requests, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf; however, you will still need to verify your identity directly with us before your request can be processed. an authorized agent may submit a request on your behalf using the webform or toll-free number listed above. we will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise any of your privacy rights under the covered state privacy lawscaliforniathis section supplements the other parts of our privacy policy and describes the rights of california residents under the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) and other california privacy laws. these rights are:right to know. the right to request more information regarding the following:o   the categories of personal information we have collected about you, including:§  the categories of sources from which personal information is collected§  the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information§  the categories of third parties to which we disclose personal information§  the categories of personal information that we sold, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to which we sold that particular category of personal information§  the categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, and for each category identified, the categories of recipients to which we disclosed that particular category of personal informationo   the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. deletion. the right to delete personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. where we use deidentification to satisfy a deletion request, we commit to maintaining and using the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information.correction. if you believe that personal information we maintain about you is inaccurate, you have the right to request that we correct that information.right to opt out. california residents have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of their personal information. to exercise this right, please click the “your privacy choices” link in our website footer or turn on a recognized opt-out preference signal, such as global privacy control, in your browser or extension. please note that when you submit an opt-out through either method, we do not know who you are within our systems and your opt-out will apply only to personal information collected from tracking technologies on the specific browser from which you opt-out. if you delete or reset your cookies, or use a different browser or device, you will need to reconfigure your settings. to submit a request to opt-out of offline sales and sharing, please use our webform.right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information. some of the personal information we collect may be considered sensitive under the ccpa. we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes to which the right to limit use and disclosure applies under the ccpa.shine the light. under california’s shine the light law, customers who are residents of california may request: (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information. to make a request, please write us at the postal address set out in the “contact us” section below and specify that you are making a “california shine the light request.” we may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity. notice of financial incentive. from time to time, we offer coupons, special offers, rewards, or discounts to consumers who sign up for our promotions. for example, we may offer discounts, rebates, or giveaways to consumers who subscribe to our marketing emails or text messages, post about us on social media, or participate in our referral program. participation in these types of promotions requires you to provide personal information to us, such as identifiers, personal records, and commercial information. please see the full terms of each offer as well as our terms and conditions for more details. generally, you may sign up for our promotions and opt-in to the financial incentives associated with them by following the instructions provided with each offer or promotion. you have the right to withdraw from our financial incentives at any time. please contact us using the contact information provided below if you no longer wish to participate.we have made a good faith estimate that the value of consumers’ personal information provided in connection with our promotional programs is equivalent to the relevant expenses related to the collection and storage of that personal information. any difference in price or benefits provided to consumers who participate is reasonably related to the value of the personal information provided, taking account of the fact that the primary purpose of our promotional programs is to reward consumers who engage with our brand and promote our products.other covered statesconsumers in covered states other than california have the following rights under covered state privacy laws:access and data portability. to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information, to access your personal information, and to obtain a copy of personal information you provided to us in a portable format. delaware and oregon consumers may also request a list of third parties to which we disclosed personal information.correction. to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and our purposes for processing it.deletion. to delete your personal information, subject to exceptions. where we use deidentification to satisfy a deletion request, we commit to maintaining and using the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information.right to opt-out. to opt-out of the following uses of your personal information: (a) targeted advertising; (b) the sale of personal information; and (c) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements. we do not sell personal information in exchange for money or engage in practices that qualify as profiling producing legal or similarly significant effects under applicable state privacy law. to opt-out of targeted advertising / non-monetary “sales” of personal information, please click on the “your privacy choices” link in the footer of our website.right to appeal. sometimes we are unable to process requests relating to your personal information, in which case, your request will be denied. if your privacy rights request has previously been denied by us and you believe we denied it in error, you may appeal for reconsideration of your request by submitting a request to appeal using our webform.7. nevada privacy rightsnevada law provides residents the right to opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” to third parties, including but not limited to name, address, social security number, telephone number, email address, and other information through which a person may be contacted. our uses of your personal information are not “sales” under nevada law. if you have any questions or if you would like to receive notice by email in the event we should engage in sales of covered information under nevada law in the future, please contact us.8. international visitorswe are based in the u.s. if you are located outside the u.s., please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to and processed in the u.s. or another country where we operate. by using our website or otherwise providing your personal information to us, you acknowledge that your personal information may be transferred to and processed in jurisdictions other than your own. please be aware that the data protection laws and regulations that may apply to personal information transferred to the united states or other countries may be different from the laws in your country of residence.if you are a canadian resident, please click here for our canadian privacy policy.9. eu data transfersto the extent we receive personal data transferred from the european union (eu), the united kingdom (uk), and switzerland, we will provide appropriate safeguards, such as through the use of standard contractual clauses.casper complies with the eu-u.s. data privacy framework (“eu-u.s. dpf”), the uk extension to the eu-u.s. dpf (“uk extension”), and the swiss-u.s. data privacy framework (“swiss-u.s. dpf”) (together, the “dpf”) as set forth by the u.s. department of commerce. casper has certified to the u.s. department of commerce that it adheres to the eu-u.s. dpf principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the european union and the united kingdom in reliance on the eu-u.s. dpf and the uk extension and to the swiss-u.s. dpf principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from switzerland in reliance on the swiss-u.s. dpf (together, the “principles”). if there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the principles, the principles shall govern. to learn more about the data privacy framework program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.casper is responsible for the processing of personal data subject to the dpf that it receives and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. casper complies with the principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the eu, the uk, and switzerland based on the dpf, including the onward transfer liability provisions. with respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the dpf, casper is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the u.s. federal trade commission. in certain situations, casper may be required to disclose personal data subject to the dpf in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.in compliance with the dpf, casper commits to resolve dpf-principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. eu, uk, and swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the dpf should first contact casper at privacy@casper.com.in compliance with the dpf, casper commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the dpf to jams, an alternate dispute resolution provider based in the united states (free of charge). if you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your dpf principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution for more information or to file a complaint. the services of jams are provided at no cost to you.under certain conditions, more fully described on the dpf website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.10. third partieswe may link to or offer parts of our service through websites and services controlled by third parties. third-party data practices are subject to their own policies and disclosures. we encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult the privacy policies and terms of use of each website you visit.11. data securityat no cost to you, we implement and maintain reasonable administrative, physical, and technical security safeguards to help protect your personal information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. if you suspect any unauthorized activity associated with your personal information, please report that activity to us immediately.12. childrenthe service is not directed toward children under 13 years old, and we do not knowingly collect personal information (as that term is defined by the u.s. children’s privacy protection act, or “coppa”) from children under 13. if you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected personal information from children, please contact us as set out in the “contact us” section below. if we become aware that we collected personal information from a child, we will delete it in accordance with coppa.13. changes to our privacy policywe reserve the right to revise and reissue this privacy policy at any time. any changes will be effective immediately upon our posting of the revised privacy policy. your continued use of our services after the effective date of any modification to the privacy policy indicates your consent to the updated privacy policy.14. contact usif you have questions about our privacy practices, the contents of this privacy policy, or if you need to access this privacy policy in an alternative format due to a disability, please contact us.casper sleep inc.196 mercer st, ground floor, new york, ny 10012privacy@casper.com products mattresses pillows bed frames adjustable bed frames sheets duvets cooling collection clearance glow light dog bed shop by size twin twin xl full queen king cal king size guide support contact us faq delivery returns trial warranty financing become a casper retailer protection plan replacement parts order history about why casper? stores register my product trade & commercial jobs resources mattress quiz mattress buying guide reviews upgrade program military discount education discount healthcare discount casper blog casper vs competition privacy terms california transparency accessibility carpenter code of conduct © 2025 casper sleep inc. all rights reserved. privacy terms accessibility your privacy choices apply enter a valid discount code