来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250508151915/https://casper.com/pages/why-casper
================================================================================

why choose casper mattresses - benefits & features | casper skip to content find a store up to 30% off bundles sleep specialists on call @ 888.498.0003 refer a friend casper sleep open navigation menu open search mattresses foams the one cloud one hybrids dream snow maxes dream max snow max shop all mattresses take the quiz compare mattresses take the quiz bundles core bundles best-selling bundle comfy bundle cooling bundles snow bundle cool sleep bundle adjustable bundles adjustable bundle adjustable pro bundle adjustable max bundle shop all bundles shop all bundles pillows fiber original pillow down pillow foam foam pillow foam snow pillow hybrid hybrid pillow hybrid snow pillow backrest pillow shop all pillows shop all pillows furniture adjustable bed frames adjustable base adjustable base pro adjustable base max bed frames the foundation metal bed frame upholstered bed frame haven bed frame repose bed frame headboards bliss attachable headboard drift attachable headboard shop all furniture shop all furniture bedding sheets percale sheet set supersoft sheet set hyperlite sheet set mattress protectors waterproof mattress protector breathable mattress protector duvets down duvet down-alt duvet shop all bedding shop clearance shop all bedding accessories snoozewear blanket robe glow glow light glow night light the rest dog bed comfy mattress topper shop all accessories shop all accessories explore about us why casper? reviews casper vs competition casper blog offers financing options discount program refer a friend welcome offer help contact us sleep education delivery returns shop all mattresses pillows bedding clearance why casper? sale stores open search cart empty 0 mattresses bundles pillows furniture bedding accessories explore sale stores mattresses shop all mattresses. navigate to mattresses page. shop all mattresses compare mattresses. navigate to mattresses page. compare mattresses the one. navigate to mattresses page. the one cloud one. navigate to mattresses page. cloud one dream. navigate to mattresses page. dream snow. navigate to mattresses page. snow dream max. navigate to mattresses page. dream max snow max. navigate to mattresses page. snow max take the quiz. navigate to mattresses page. take the quiz take the quiz bundles shop all bundles. navigate to bundles page. shop all bundles best-selling bundle. navigate to bundles page. best-selling bundle comfy bundle. navigate to bundles page. comfy bundle snow bundle. navigate to bundles page. snow bundle cool sleep bundle. navigate to bundles page. cool sleep bundle adjustable bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable bundle adjustable pro bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable pro bundle adjustable max bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable max bundle shop all bundles pillows shop all pillows. navigate to pillows page. shop all pillows fiber. navigate to pillows page. fiber foam. navigate to pillows page. foam hybrid. navigate to pillows page. hybrid shop all pillows furniture shop all furniture. navigate to furniture page. shop all furniture adjustable bed frames. navigate to furniture page. adjustable bed frames bed frames. navigate to furniture page. bed frames headboards. navigate to furniture page. headboards shop all furniture bedding shop all bedding. navigate to bedding page. shop all bedding sheets. navigate to bedding page. sheets mattress protectors. navigate to bedding page. mattress protectors duvets. navigate to bedding page. duvets shop clearance. navigate to bedding page. shop clearance shop all bedding accessories shop all accessories. navigate to accessories page. shop all accessories blanket robe. navigate to accessories page. blanket robe glow light. navigate to accessories page. glow light glow night light. navigate to accessories page. glow night light dog bed. navigate to accessories page. dog bed comfy mattress topper. navigate to accessories page. comfy mattress topper shop all accessories explore about us offers help shop all why casper? about us why casper? reviews casper vs competition casper blog offers financing options discount program refer a friend welcome offer help contact us sleep education delivery returns shop all mattresses pillows bedding clearance close cookie policywe use cookies and similar technologies to provide the best experience on our website. refer to our privacy policy for more information. accept decline 0 your cart is empty continue shopping clear close mattresses bundles pillows furniture bedding accessories explore sale don't just take our word for it. casper mattresses are highly ranked by consumer reports.*consumer reports does not endorse products or services. what is consumer reports?an independent, nonprofit organization with the mission of empowering and informing consumers. testers, researchers, journalists, policy makers and more work side by side. does not accept advertising, sponsorship or free samples. promotes truth, transparency, and fairness in the marketplace. go to item number 1 go to item number 2 go to item number 3 out of 99 rated mattresses, the one came out on top.guess we picked a good name.consumer reports named the one the top-rated all-foam mattress of 2025.* discover why.*consumer reports does not endorse products or service. read the reportinspired by our original all-foam mattress and perfected over a decade, the one offers supportive and breathable bliss. shop now casper also has three of the top innerspring mattresses rated by consumer reports.**consumer reports does not endorse products or service.our mattresses dream, snow, and dream max were all highly-ranked by consumer reports. see why. read the reportdream and snow give you the balanced comfort and support only hybrids can offer. shop hybridswith superior support and all-night alignment, dream max is the mattress we’ve been dreaming of. shop dream max we obsess over every thread.here's how our dream team ensures the best sleep humanly possible: product tests(not counting snoozes) prototyping and testing machines ergonomist(what the hell is an ergonomist?) go to item number 1 go to item number 2 go to item number 3 we sweat the details of cooler sleep.how did we create 12+ hours of cooler sleep? by attacking overheating from every angle. from core to cover, every detail of snow max is designed to optimize heat dispersion and create a refreshing feel. we believe you can always be cozier.why not get too comfortable? at casper, we tirelessly test every foam and thread to ensure the best balance of comfort, support, and cooling for all sleep positions and styles. whether you prefer a plush, medium, or firm feel, each mattress is built to support your unique needs. we give gimmicks a rest.at casper, every material we use must help sleep and must be tested, which means when you buy a casper bed you get everything you need to sleep better—and nothing you don’t. we'll replace it with a new one10-year limited warranty*send it back for free100-night risk-free trial*the shipping is on usfree, no-contact delivery*buy now, pay over timequick, simple financing optionslet us do the heavy liftingoptional white glove delivery**select products ineligible for free shipping or returns where indicated. additional shipping fees apply to ak and hi. best sellerthe onefrom:$599$74920% off the mattress that broke the internet—reimagined. check supportive feel with the perfect bit of bounce relieves the days pressures. check breathable support foam cradles you all night and keeps air flowing. plus-circle available as cloud one with all-new patented technology.shop the onepremium sleepthe hybridsfrom:$1,045$1,49530% off premium support and comfort. less interruptions. check 3 zones of enhanced support keep you aligned to stop tossing and turning. check 12" of cradling foam and responsive coils for dreamy comfort. snowflake available as snow with all night cooling and premium memory foam feel.shop the hybridsdeepest sleepthe maxesfrom:$1,745$2,49530% off everything you need to sleep better—nothing you don’t. check 7 zones of support keep you aligned and cradle the natural curve of your body. check 14" of ultra-supportive foam and responsive coils for your deepest nights rest. check precisely-cut foam provides all night relief from aches and pain. snowflake available as snow max with maximum cooling and premium memory foam feel.shop the maxes which mattress is right for you? take our quiz you slept. we listened.since the beginning, we've designed our mattresses around real people, which means lots of feedback. lots and lots of feedback. play video frequently asked questions what is consumer reports? consumer reports is an independent nonprofit that tests and rates products to help consumers make informed decisions. casper mattresses have consistently performed well in their reviews for comfort, durability, and temperature regulation. what kinds of bed frames are compatible with casper mattresses? casper mattresses are designed to work on a firm, solid surface like our foundation, platform, or adjustable bed frame. having the correct support ensures the performance and longevity of memory foam and hybrid mattresses.for slatted frames, we recommend using bed slats that are flat (not bowed), wooden, and no more than 4 inches apart. do casper mattresses contain fiberglass? casper mattresses adhere to federal fire safety regulations by using fire resistant materials, which are 100% fiberglass free and instead comprised largely of fibers such as rayon. i have specific medical problems. how will your mattress work for me? while casper mattresses are not medical devices, many customers with back pain or other sleep-related conditions have shared positive experiences. the orthopedic mattress design of our dream max and snow max models have even earned endorsements from the american chiropractic association. as every medical concern is unique in nature, we always recommend consulting with your medical professional regarding your specific needs.you can also check out verified reviews from customers with similar medical concerns to find the best mattress for your unique needs what is a mattress in a box? how long does it take for a casper mattress to expand? a mattress in a box is a mattress that’s compressed in an air-sealed bag and rolled tight so that it can fit into a box that’s easier to maneuver than a traditional mattress. allowing you the flexibility and convenience of picking your mattress online and having it easily delivered to your door.when you receive the mattress, all you’ll need to do is pull it out of its packaging, lay it flat on your bed frame or floor, and let it expand.foam and hybrid mattresses can be slept on almost right away but may take up to 48 hours to expand fully. our snow mattresses are primarily made with memory foam and can take up to 72 hours to expand fully. products mattresses pillows bed frames adjustable bed frames sheets duvets cooling collection clearance glow light dog bed shop by size twin twin xl full queen king cal king size guide support contact us faq delivery returns trial warranty financing become a casper retailer protection plan replacement parts order history about why casper? stores register my product trade & commercial jobs resources mattress quiz mattress buying guide reviews upgrade program military discount education discount healthcare discount casper blog casper vs competition privacy terms california transparency accessibility carpenter code of conduct © 2025 casper sleep inc. all rights reserved. privacy terms accessibility your privacy choices apply enter a valid discount code