来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250508151915/https://casper.com/collections/mattresses
================================================================================

mattresses & bed in a box - queen, king, twin & more | casper skip to content find a store up to 30% off bundles sleep specialists on call @ 888.498.0003 refer a friend casper sleep open navigation menu open search mattresses foams the one cloud one hybrids dream snow maxes dream max snow max shop all mattresses take the quiz compare mattresses take the quiz bundles core bundles best-selling bundle comfy bundle cooling bundles snow bundle cool sleep bundle adjustable bundles adjustable bundle adjustable pro bundle adjustable max bundle shop all bundles shop all bundles pillows fiber original pillow down pillow foam foam pillow foam snow pillow hybrid hybrid pillow hybrid snow pillow backrest pillow shop all pillows shop all pillows furniture adjustable bed frames adjustable base adjustable base pro adjustable base max bed frames the foundation metal bed frame upholstered bed frame haven bed frame repose bed frame headboards bliss attachable headboard drift attachable headboard shop all furniture shop all furniture bedding sheets percale sheet set supersoft sheet set hyperlite sheet set mattress protectors waterproof mattress protector breathable mattress protector duvets down duvet down-alt duvet shop all bedding shop clearance shop all bedding accessories snoozewear blanket robe glow glow light glow night light the rest dog bed comfy mattress topper shop all accessories shop all accessories explore about us why casper? reviews casper vs competition casper blog offers financing options discount program refer a friend welcome offer help contact us sleep education delivery returns shop all mattresses pillows bedding clearance why casper? sale stores open search cart empty 0 foams hybrids maxes take the quiz compare mattresses bundles pillows furniture bedding accessories explore sale stores mattresses shop all mattresses. navigate to mattresses page. shop all mattresses compare mattresses. navigate to mattresses page. compare mattresses the one. navigate to mattresses page. the one cloud one. navigate to mattresses page. cloud one dream. navigate to mattresses page. dream snow. navigate to mattresses page. snow dream max. navigate to mattresses page. dream max snow max. navigate to mattresses page. snow max take the quiz. navigate to mattresses page. take the quiz take the quiz bundles shop all bundles. navigate to bundles page. shop all bundles best-selling bundle. navigate to bundles page. best-selling bundle comfy bundle. navigate to bundles page. comfy bundle snow bundle. navigate to bundles page. snow bundle cool sleep bundle. navigate to bundles page. cool sleep bundle adjustable bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable bundle adjustable pro bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable pro bundle adjustable max bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable max bundle shop all bundles pillows shop all pillows. navigate to pillows page. shop all pillows fiber. navigate to pillows page. fiber foam. navigate to pillows page. foam hybrid. navigate to pillows page. hybrid shop all pillows furniture shop all furniture. navigate to furniture page. shop all furniture adjustable bed frames. navigate to furniture page. adjustable bed frames bed frames. navigate to furniture page. bed frames headboards. navigate to furniture page. headboards shop all furniture bedding shop all bedding. navigate to bedding page. shop all bedding sheets. navigate to bedding page. sheets mattress protectors. navigate to bedding page. mattress protectors duvets. navigate to bedding page. duvets shop clearance. navigate to bedding page. shop clearance shop all bedding accessories shop all accessories. navigate to accessories page. shop all accessories blanket robe. navigate to accessories page. blanket robe glow light. navigate to accessories page. glow light glow night light. navigate to accessories page. glow night light dog bed. navigate to accessories page. dog bed comfy mattress topper. navigate to accessories page. comfy mattress topper shop all accessories explore about us offers help shop all why casper? about us why casper? reviews casper vs competition casper blog offers financing options discount program refer a friend welcome offer help contact us sleep education delivery returns shop all mattresses pillows bedding clearance close cookie policywe use cookies and similar technologies to provide the best experience on our website. refer to our privacy policy for more information. accept decline 0 your cart is empty continue shopping clear close mattresses bundles pillows furniture bedding accessories explore sale mattresses memorial day sale up to 30% off mattresses obsessive engineering. one of a kind sleep.with tireless innovation, the best materials, and meticulous attention to detail, we give you life-changing sleep at a price that won't change your life. join over 4.5 million happier sleepers tonight. don't take our word for it casper has three of the top innerspring mattresses rated by consumer reports.* read the report *consumer reports does not endorse products or service. best sellerthe onefrom:$599$74920% off the mattress that broke the internet—reimagined. check supportive feel with the perfect bit of bounce relieves the days pressures. check breathable support foam cradles you all night and keeps air flowing. plus-circle available as cloud one with all-new patented technology.shop the onepremium sleepthe hybridsfrom:$1,045$1,49530% off premium support and comfort. less interruptions. check 3 zones of enhanced support keep you aligned to stop tossing and turning. check 12" of cradling foam and responsive coils for dreamy comfort. snowflake available as snow with all night cooling and premium memory foam feel.shop the hybridsdeepest sleepthe maxesfrom:$1,745$2,49530% off everything you need to sleep better—nothing you don’t. check 7 zones of support keep you aligned and cradle the natural curve of your body. check 14" of ultra-supportive foam and responsive coils for your deepest nights rest. check precisely-cut foam provides all night relief from aches and pain. snowflake available as snow max with maximum cooling and premium memory foam feel.shop the maxes the onefrom:$599$74920% off best sellerthe onethe mattress that broke the internet—reimagined.feel:medium-firmresponsivesupport:pressure relief:shop the onethe hybridsfrom:$1,045$1,49530% off highest rateddreamsnowpremium support and comfort. less interruptions.a memory foam bed that actually sleeps cool.feel:feel:mediumresponsivemediumconformingsupport:pressure relief:shop the hybridsthe maxesfrom:$1,745$2,49530% off most supportivedream maxsnow maxmaximum support, minimum aches and pains.maximum support, and cooling all night.feel:feel:medium-softresponsivemedium-softconformingsupport:pressure relief:shop the maxes introducing cloud oneall foam. like nothing before. shop now snow technologycooling that lasts all night and then some.cover to core snow technology combats overheating at every angle.bedtime starts with a cool (and cozy) to the touch cover.phase change material instantly pulls excess heat away.heat delete bands work for 12+ hours of your coolest sleep (only found in casper mattresses). shop snow collection let's find the perfectsleep solution for you. take our mattress quiz takes less than 2 minutes. still have questions? our sleep specialists are dedicated to helping you find the mattress of your dreams. give us a call or chat with us now. give us a call our team is standing by to help you sleep more easily. +1.888.498.0003 chat with us now start a chat and get the answers you need — without the fluff. chat now send us an email drop us a line and we’ll respond faster than you can hit snooze. send us an email feel the difference in storetry products for yourself and chat with a sleep specialist at a store near you. find a location near you frequently asked questions what makes casper mattresses different? casper mattresses are developed by a team of sleep obsessed engineers and designers, plus a certified professional ergonomist. we have two rules: everything we design must be tested and must help sleep. over the past 10 years we have taken valuable feedback from sleepers like you to design the best products for a great night’s rest. our zoned support system provides optimal spinal alignment without sacrificing comfort — allowing you to choose between the comfy “on the bed” feel of the dream and a cozy “in the bed” experience with the snow. the dream max and snow max have also earned endorsements from american chiropractic association so you can rest assured, no matter your sleep needs, casper’s got you covered. we pioneered the 100 night trial and easy return process, but we also have incredible sleep shops where you can book a nap and try our products in person. whether you stop by a store or give us a call, our sleep specialists are here to help build the bedroom of your dreams! how long will my casper mattress last? every casper mattress is engineered for both comfort and durability, our premium foams (and innerspring coils inside our hybrid mattresses) provide lasting support for a full decade—our warranty backs it up. what is a mattress in a box? how long does it take for a casper mattress to expand? a mattress in a box is a mattress that’s compressed in an air-sealed bag and rolled tight so that it can fit into a box that’s easier to maneuver than a traditional mattress. allowing you the flexibility and convenience of picking your mattress online and having it easily delivered to your door.when you receive the mattress, all you’ll need to do is pull it out of its packaging, lay it flat on your bed frame or floor, and let it expand.foam and hybrid mattresses can be slept on almost right away but may take up to 48 hours to expand fully. our snow mattresses are primarily made with memory foam and can take up to 72 hours to expand fully. how do casper mattresses cater to different sleep positions? casper mattresses are designed to support you no matter what position you sleep in! our zoned support™ technology works to offer support to the areas that need it most, with varying zones of softness and firmness at the right body touch points to keep your spine aligned. whether you consider yourself to be a side, stomach, or back sleeper, we've got you covered. what kinds of bed frames are compatible with casper mattresses? casper mattresses are designed to work on a firm, solid surface like our foundation, platform, or adjustable bed frame. having the correct support ensures the performance and longevity of memory foam/hybrid mattresses.for slatted frames, we recommend using bed slats that are flat (not bowed), wooden, and no more than 4 inches apart. do casper mattresses contain fiberglass? casper mattresses adhere to federal fire safety regulations by using fire resistant materials, which are 100% fiberglass free and instead comprised largely of fibers such as rayon. i have specific medical problems. how will your mattresses work for me? while casper mattresses are not medical devices, many customers with back pain or other sleep-related conditions have shared positive experiences. the orthopedic mattress design of our dream max and snow max models have even earned endorsements from the american chiropractic association. as every medical concern is unique in nature, we always recommend consulting with your medical professional regarding your specific needs. you can also check out verified reviews from customers with similar medical concerns to find the best mattress for your unique needs what does the mattress protection plan cover? the protection plan covers stains, rips, and tears from any single incident. this includes spilling coffee in bed, ink stains, and common accidents from children and pets. there’s no deductible and no limit on the number of claims you can make. that means that no matter how many times you move, or how many times you have breakfast in bed, you’ll be covered. what is the snow technology used in casper cooling mattresses? from casper labs, our most advanced solution to nighttime overheating combines heatdelete™ bands, phase change material, and a cooling snow cover to keep you comfortably cool from the moment you crawl into bed. what should i do with my old mattress when i buy a new one? if your old mattress is on the way out but you're not sure what to do with it, we've got some ideas! did you know that your old mattress can be recycled? before disposing of your mattress, look into your state's policies for mattress removal, as that will be the most environmentally friendly option. if you are not able to recycle it, consider donating your mattress and any accessories like a mattress topper or box spring to a local charitable organization so that your mattress can go to someone in need. other options include reselling it, repurposing it, or throwing it away responsibly.for more information, read our guide on how to dispose of a mattress. what is the zoned support™ technology in casper hybrid mattresses? zoned support™ is engineered to keep your spine in ergonomic alignment by providing support where your body needs it most, with firmer foam under the hips, waist, and lower back. zoned support max™ combines our firmer center foam with a second layer of precisely cut channels to cradle the natural curve of your body while adding support to your hips, waist, and lower back for the ultimate ergonomic relief with our hybrid memory foam design. products mattresses pillows bed frames adjustable bed frames sheets duvets cooling collection clearance glow light dog bed shop by size twin twin xl full queen king cal king size guide support contact us faq delivery returns trial warranty financing become a casper retailer protection plan replacement parts order history about why casper? stores register my product trade & commercial jobs resources mattress quiz mattress buying guide reviews upgrade program military discount education discount healthcare discount casper blog casper vs competition privacy terms california transparency accessibility carpenter code of conduct © 2025 casper sleep inc. all rights reserved. privacy terms accessibility your privacy choices apply enter a valid discount code