来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250508151915/https://casper.com/pages/trial
================================================================================

trial skip to content find a store up to 30% off bundles sleep specialists on call @ 888.498.0003 refer a friend casper sleep open navigation menu open search mattresses foam the one hybrids dream snow maxes dream max snow max shop all mattresses take the quiz compare mattresses take the quiz bundles core bundles best-selling bundle comfy bundle cooling bundles snow bundle cool sleep bundle adjustable bundles adjustable bundle adjustable pro bundle adjustable max bundle shop all bundles shop all bundles pillows fiber original pillow down pillow foam foam pillow foam snow pillow hybrid hybrid pillow hybrid snow pillow backrest pillow shop all pillows shop all pillows furniture adjustable bed frames adjustable base adjustable base pro adjustable base max bed frames the foundation metal bed frame upholstered bed frame haven bed frame repose bed frame headboards bliss attachable headboard drift attachable headboard shop all furniture shop all furniture bedding sheets percale sheet set supersoft sheet set hyperlite sheet set mattress protectors waterproof mattress protector breathable mattress protector duvets down duvet down-alt duvet shop all bedding shop clearance shop all bedding accessories snoozewear blanket robe glow glow light glow night light the rest dog bed comfy mattress topper shop all accessories shop all accessories explore about us why casper? reviews casper vs competition casper blog offers financing options discount program refer a friend welcome offer help contact us sleep education delivery returns shop all mattresses pillows bedding clearance why casper? sale stores open search cart empty 0 mattresses bundles pillows furniture bedding accessories explore sale stores mattresses shop all mattresses. navigate to mattresses page. shop all mattresses compare mattresses. navigate to mattresses page. compare mattresses the one. navigate to mattresses page. the one dream. navigate to mattresses page. dream snow. navigate to mattresses page. snow dream max. navigate to mattresses page. dream max snow max. navigate to mattresses page. snow max take the quiz. navigate to mattresses page. take the quiz take the quiz bundles shop all bundles. navigate to bundles page. shop all bundles best-selling bundle. navigate to bundles page. best-selling bundle comfy bundle. navigate to bundles page. comfy bundle snow bundle. navigate to bundles page. snow bundle cool sleep bundle. navigate to bundles page. cool sleep bundle adjustable bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable bundle adjustable pro bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable pro bundle adjustable max bundle. navigate to bundles page. adjustable max bundle shop all bundles pillows shop all pillows. navigate to pillows page. shop all pillows fiber. navigate to pillows page. fiber foam. navigate to pillows page. foam hybrid. navigate to pillows page. hybrid shop all pillows furniture shop all furniture. navigate to furniture page. shop all furniture adjustable bed frames. navigate to furniture page. adjustable bed frames bed frames. navigate to furniture page. bed frames headboards. navigate to furniture page. headboards shop all furniture bedding shop all bedding. navigate to bedding page. shop all bedding sheets. navigate to bedding page. sheets mattress protectors. navigate to bedding page. mattress protectors duvets. navigate to bedding page. duvets shop clearance. navigate to bedding page. shop clearance shop all bedding accessories shop all accessories. navigate to accessories page. shop all accessories blanket robe. navigate to accessories page. blanket robe glow light. navigate to accessories page. glow light glow night light. navigate to accessories page. glow night light dog bed. navigate to accessories page. dog bed comfy mattress topper. navigate to accessories page. comfy mattress topper shop all accessories explore about us offers help shop all why casper? about us why casper? reviews casper vs competition casper blog offers financing options discount program refer a friend welcome offer help contact us sleep education delivery returns shop all mattresses pillows bedding clearance close cookie policywe use cookies and similar technologies to provide the best experience on our website. refer to our privacy policy for more information. accept decline 0 your cart is empty continue shopping clear close mattresses bundles pillows furniture bedding accessories explore sale sleep on it with a risk-free trial 100 night trial for mattresswe believe you should sleep on your mattress to decide if you like it, and it can take the body 30 nights to adjust to a new mattress.if you’re not 100% in love after the first 30-night adjustment period, returns are free and easy. how do mattress returns work?your trial begins when your items are delivered. contact us to initiate your return within your trial.we’ll set up a courier to pack up and remove the product on your schedule. (no, you don’t have to squeeze it back in the box.)our team will try their best to donate your product to a charity or recycle it.your original form of payment will be refunded in full. 30 night trial for other snooze suppliesget a feel for these products in your bedroom for up to 30 days with free, easy returns. furnitureincludes the platform bed, headboard, casper haven, casper repose, casper repose wood and pillow headboards, metal bed frame, foundation, and adjustable bed frames dog bedsleep on it, lounge on it, drool on it — if your pup doesn’t love the dog bed, we’ll give you a full refund. glow lightsget a feel for the glow light or the glow night light for up to 30 days with free, easy returns. go to item number 1 go to item number 2 go to item number 3 other return policies return procedures mattress: if you want to return your casper mattress, we would be happy to arrange a return pick-up after the 30-night adjustment period if the mattress is within the applicable product’s trial period, please e-mail casper at support@casper.com to arrange a return pick-up.bed frame and other furniture: if you want to return a bed frame or any other furniture purchase within the applicable product's trial period, please e-mail casper at support@casper.com to arrange a return pick-up. if you purchased your casper bed frame or other furniture purchase with a casper mattress, including as part of a bundle, the applicable trial period will be the same as the trial period for the casper mattress.other products: if you want to return any other product within the applicable product's trial period, please refer to your order confirmation email, click on the order number, and select the item you would like to return. please follow the instructions and confirm the return. after confirmation, you will receive an e-mail containing a complimentary ups shipping label for you to apply to the box as well as a return receipt. please place the product you would like to return, along with the return receipt, in the box, affix the shipping label to the outside of the box, and drop off the box at your nearest ups location. all returns must be delivered to ups prior to the expiration of the applicable product’s trial period.you can return your casper item and get a full refund within 30 days of delivery or within 30 days of an in-store purchase, provided the merchandise is unused and in its original packaging and condition. casper products marked as final sale all items marked as final sale may not be returned or exchanged, subject to certain limited exceptions. third-party products from our stores any non-casper branded items must be returned unopened within 30 days. casper products from other retailers every retailer has its own return policy, so please reach out to the store you purchased from. casper bundles an entire bundle may be returned within the longest trial period applicable to any product included in the bundle. for the upgrade bundle and best-selling bundle, snow cooling bundle, the casper bundle, the trial policy is 100-nights. no partial bundle returns are accepted. bed frame with mattress it can take the body 30 days to adjust to a new mattress, and mattress returns are available after the first 30 nights for up to 100 nights.our bed frames have a 30 day return policy, but if you’re purchasing a bed frame and a mattress, we’ll give you 100 days to decide if you like it. need to make a return with us?we’re sad to hear that, but we’re always here to help. contact us frequently asked questions why does your trial period vary by product? since you’ve likely been sleeping on another mattress every night for the past few years, your body will need time to adjust to your new casper mattress. we offer an extended trial on these products and recommend spending 100 nights with them, so you can take note of how your sleep improves along the way. of course, we believe it’s important to test out all of your casper products in the comfort of your own home. can i return my product at one of your stores? most of our sleep shops, except our casper outlet stores, can accept returns for our smaller products like pillows, bedding, and dog beds. we recommend calling the store ahead of time to ensure that the location can accommodate your return. for mattresses or our larger items like furniture, we’ll send a return partner over to remove the product from your home and either donate it to a local charity or have it recycled. to schedule a pickup, you can reach out to our customer experience team at +1 888-498-0003 or support@casper.com. how do i start a return or exchange? we give you 100 nights to try your mattress for free. mattress returns are free and easy anytime after the 30-night adjustment period. to begin your return of a large item, such as a mattress or furniture, our returns specialists are here to help! you can chat with us send us an email. we'll work with you to arrange a pickup through one of our pickup partners and refund you in full once your product is picked up. please note that all items must be in donatable condition.you can return your casper soft goods and get a full refund within 30 days of delivery or within 30 days of an in-store purchase, provided the merchandise is unused, and in its original packaging and condition.for unused items in their original packaging, email us here to receive a prepaid shipping label to drop the box off at ups. provided the items are received in unused condition in their original packaging, we’ll process a full refund once we receive them back at our facility. customers may return a maximum of two items of the same product type. products mattresses pillows bed frames adjustable bed frames sheets duvets cooling collection clearance glow light dog bed shop by size twin twin xl full queen king cal king size guide support contact us faq delivery returns trial warranty financing become a casper retailer protection plan replacement parts order history about why casper? stores register my product trade & commercial jobs resources mattress quiz mattress buying guide reviews upgrade program military discount education discount healthcare discount casper blog casper vs competition privacy terms california transparency accessibility carpenter code of conduct © 2025 casper sleep inc. all rights reserved. privacy terms accessibility your privacy choices apply enter a valid discount code