来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230073258/https://www.anker.com/terms
================================================================================

anker | terms of usedue to covid-19 shipping times may vary.hubs & dockspower bankspower stripschargersother productscommunitysupportaboutcontact usresponsibilitytechnologyanker shopsearchsign insign upmy ordersanker.combrandsshopbrandssign insign upmy ordersunited statescanadadeutschlandunited kingdomfranceespañaitalia日本中国saudi arabiaunited arab emirateshubs & docksusb-c hubsusb-c adaptersusb-a hubsusb-a adaptersdocking stationspower bankspocket size portable chargersultra compact portable chargershigh capacity portable chargerspower stationpower stripsusb-a power stripusb-c power stripchargerswireless chargersdesktop chargerswall chargerscar chargersother productsaudiocablesconference speakerphoneaa/aaa batteriesotherscommunityblogforumpower drawpower usersupportdocuments & driversupdate firmwareprocess a warrantywarranty infoconnected equipment warrantyproduct verificationproduct registrationaboutour companywhere to buytechnologycontact usresponsibilitycorporate purchaseterms of usedocuments & driversupdate firmwareprocess a warrantyprivacy policyterms of usemap policywarranty infoconnected equipment warrantyproduct verificationproduct registration1. introductionwelcome to anker.com (the “website”). these terms of use constitute a legal agreement (the “agreement” or “terms of use”) between you and anker technology (uk) ltd (“anker,” “we” or “us”) that governs your use of the website and purchase and use of any anker products (“products”) through the website. by using the website, you accept these terms of use in full. if you disagree with these terms of use or any part of these terms of use, you must not use the website.these terms of use contain an arbitration provision that requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions, and also limits the remedies available to you in the event of a dispute. see section 18 for full details.2. privacy policy & cookiesby using the website, you represent and warrant that you have read and understood and agree to be bound by anker’s privacy policy (the “privacy policy”), which is incorporated into this agreement by reference. the privacy policy is available at https://www.anker.com/privacy-policy.as explained more fully in the privacy policy, the website uses cookies to collect certain information from you. by using the website and agreeing to these terms of use, you consent to anker's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy.3. eligibilityby accessing and/or using the website, you represent and warrant that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age, and are otherwise legally qualified to enter into and form contracts under applicable law. if you are using the website on behalf of a business entity, you further represent and warrant that you are authorized to act and enter into contracts on behalf of that business entity.4. purchases & paymentsif you purchase a product through the website, you will be required to provide your billing and shipping information as well as information regarding your credit or debit card (each, a “payment card”) so that we may charge you for the costs and fees associated with your purchase. you represent and warrant that you are the authorized accountholder on all payment cards you submit through the website, and acknowledge and agree that anker has the right to charge your payment card for the cost of the products, and all taxes, shipping, and handling fees communicated to you at the time of your purchase. if you are not fully satisfied with the products purchased by you on the website, you may return the product, in its original packaging, to anker for a refund within thirty (30) days of the date of your purchase. you can request and arrange for such a refund by contacting us via the website by filling out the form at https://www.anker.com/exchange. after the 30-day refund window has expired, your only recourse regarding the products is through our warranty. at anker’s sole discretion, you may be permitted to purchase certain products through amazon.com (“amazon”), or by using the payment processing services of paypal.com (“paypal”) or oceanpayment. you understand and agree that amazon, paypal, and oceanpayment are third parties, as that term is defined below, and that if you choose to complete any portion of your purchase through these third parties, your purchase may be governed by the terms of service, privacy policies, refund policies, and other policies and agreements of such third parties. it is up to you to familiarize yourself with the policies and agreements of these third parties.5. license to use websitesubject to your compliance with this agreement, anker grants you a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable as stated in this agreement, non-transferable license to access the website for your personal use.this license does not include, and you must not: ● republish material from the website (including republication on another website), sell, rent or sub-license material from the website ● show any material from the website in public ● reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on the website for a commercial purpose ● edit or otherwise modify any material on the website ● redistribute material from the website except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistributionunless otherwise stated, anker and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website, and all rights not expressly granted in this agreement are reserved by anker. 6. assumption of risk; releaseyou knowingly and freely assume all risk when using the website. you, on behalf of yourself, your personal representatives, and your heirs, voluntarily agree to release, waive, discharge, hold harmless, defend, and indemnify anker and its owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, consultants, representatives, sublicensees, successors, assigns, parents, subsidiaries, and related entities, including anker technology (uk) ltd (collectively, the "company parties") from any and all claims, actions, or losses for bodily injury, property damage, wrongful death, emotional distress, loss of privacy, or other damages or harm, whether to you or to third parties, that may result from your use of the website.7. user account, accuracy & securityuser accountto access and use certain parts of the website, you may be asked to create a user account ("account"), and to provide information that personally identifies you. you represent and warrant that all user information you provide in connection with your account and your use of the website is current, complete, and accurate, and you agree that you will update that information as necessary to maintain its completeness and accuracy by updating your personal profile. you agree that you will not submit any fake content (including without limitation any username, likeness, or profile) to willfully and credibly impersonate another person, whether actual or fictitious. if anker believes in its sole discretion that the information you provide is not current, complete, or accurate, anker has the right to refuse you access to the website. for additional information, see anker’s privacy policy.account securityyou may be asked to provide a username, password, and possibly other information to secure your account. you are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. you may not use the username or password of any other person, nor may you share your username and password, nor may you circumvent any authentication mechanism requiring the entry of usernames, passwords, or any other information to gain unauthorized access to the website. you agree to notify anker immediately of any unauthorized use of your account. anker shall not be liable for any loss that you incur because of someone else using your account, either with or without your knowledge. you may be held liable for any losses incurred by anker, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives due to someone else's use of your account.8. prohibited conductanker imposes certain restrictions on your use of the website. any violation of this section 8 may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability. you must not use the website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website, or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity. you must not use the website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software. you must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to the website without anker’s express written consent. you must not engage in any of the following conduct on the website, which is expressly prohibited: (a) providing false, misleading, or inaccurate information to anker or any other person in connection with the website; (b) impersonating, or otherwise misrepresenting affiliation, connection, or association with, any person or entity; (c) accessing content or data not intended for you, or logging into a server or account that you are not authorized to access; (d) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the website, or any associated system or network, or breaching security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (e) interfering or attempt to interfere with the use of the website by any other user, host, or network, including (without limitation) by submitting malware or exploiting software vulnerabilities; (f) forging, modifying, or falsifying any network packet or protocol header or metadata in any connection with, or transmission to, the website (for example, smtp email headers, http headers, or internet protocol packet headers); (g) creating additional accounts to promote your (or another's) business, or causing others to do so; or () paying anyone for interactions on the website. you must not use the website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications. you must not use the website for any purposes related to marketing without anker’s express written consent. 9. user contentin these terms of use, "your user content" means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to the website, for whatever purpose. you grant to anker a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. you also grant to anker the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights, provided, however, that anker shall not bring an action for infringement of any product reviews posted by you without your express further permission. your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or anker or a third party (in each case under any applicable law). you must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint. anker reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to the website, or stored on anker's servers, or hosted or published upon the website. notwithstanding anker's rights under these terms of use in relation to user content, anker does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, the website. 10. no warranties; limitation of liabilityuser accountanker, on behalf of itself and its licensors and suppliers, expressly disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, regarding the website, arising by operation of law or otherwise, including without limitation any and all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, no encumbrance, or title, in addition to any warranties arising from a course of dealing, usage, or trade practice. neither anker nor its licensors or suppliers warrants that the website will meet your requirements, or that the operation of the website will be uninterrupted or error-free. anker disclaims all implied liability for damages arising out of the furnishing of the website pursuant to this agreement, including without limitation, mistakes, omissions, interruptions, delays, tortious conduct, errors, representations, or other defects arising out of the failure to furnish the website, whether caused by acts of commission or omission, or any other damage occurring. anker shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages (including without limitation damages for lost profits or lost revenues), whether caused by the acts or omissions of anker, company parties, or anker users, or their agents or representatives.your responsibility for loss or damage; backup of data. you agree that your use of the website is at your sole risk. you will not hold anker or its licensors and suppliers, as applicable, responsible for any loss or damage that results from your access to and/or use of the website, including without limitation any loss or damage to any of your computers, mobile devices, including without limitations tablets and/or smartphones, or data. the website may contain bugs, errors, problems, or other limitations. limitation of liabilityin no event shall anker or its licensors or suppliers be liable to you for any claims arising from your use with the website, including without limitation for special, incidental, or consequential damages, lost profits, lost data or confidential or other information, loss of privacy, costs of procurement of substitute goods or websites, failure to meet any duty including without limitation of good faith or of reasonable care, negligence, or otherwise, regardless of the foreseeability of those damages or of any advice or notice given to anker or its licensors and suppliers arising out of or in connection with your use of the website. this limitation shall apply regardless of whether the damages arise out of breach of contract, tort, or any other legal theory or form of action. you agree that this limitation of liability represents a reasonable allocation of risk and is a fundamental element of the basis of the bargain between anker and you. the website would not be provided without such limitations. application of disclaimersthe above disclaimers, waivers, and limitations do not in any way limit any other disclaimer of warranties or any other limitation of liability in any other agreement between you and anker or between you and any of anker’s licensors and suppliers. some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of certain implied warranties or the limitation of certain damages, so some of the above disclaimers, waivers, and limitations of liability may not apply to you. anker’s licensors and suppliers are intended third-party beneficiaries of these disclaimers, waivers, and limitations. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you through the website or otherwise shall alter any of the disclaimers or limitations stated in this section. no advicenothing on the website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. if you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.11. consent to receive electronic communications from ankerby creating an account and providing your email address to anker, you expressly consent to receive electronic and other communications from anker, over the short term and periodically, including email communications. these communications will be about your purchases, your customer service inquiries, new product offers, promotions and other matters. you may opt out of receiving promotional electronic communications at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in each communication, or by contacting anker at one of our customer service numbers as listed here: https://www.anker.com/contact. your unsubscribe request will apply to promotional communications only and will not limit anker’s ability to contact you regarding your purchases, account, or to provide you with updates to this agreement or the privacy policy. you agree that these electronic communications satisfy any legal requirements that communications or notices to you be in writing.12. intellectual propertyyou represent and warrant that, when using the website, you will obey all applicable laws and respect the intellectual property rights of others. your use of the website is at all times governed by and subject to copyright and other intellectual property laws. you agree not to upload, post, transmit, display, perform, or distribute any content, information, or other materials in violation of any third party's copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. trademarksanker and the anker logo (collectively, the "anker marks") are trademarks or registered trademarks of anker technology (uk) ltd, and used by anker with permission. other trademarks, website marks, graphics, logos, and domain names appearing anywhere on, through, or in connection with the website may be the trademarks of third parties. neither your use of the website nor this agreement grant you any right, title, or interest in, or any license to reproduce or otherwise use, the anker marks or any third-party trademarks, website marks, graphics, logos, or domain names. you agree that any goodwill in the anker marks generated as a result of your use of the website will inure to the benefit of anker technology (uk) ltd, and you agree to assign, and do assign, all such goodwill to anker technology (uk) ltd. you shall not at any time, nor shall you assist others to, challenge anker technology (uk) ltd’s right, title, or interest in, or the validity of, the anker marks. copyrightsall content and other materials available through the website, including without limitation the anker logo, design, text, graphics, and other files, and their selection, arrangement, and organization, are either owned by anker technology (uk) ltd or are the property of anker’s licensors and suppliers. except as explicitly provided, neither your use of the website nor this agreement grant you any right, title, or interest in any such materials.13. reasonablenessby using the website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in the website disclaimer are reasonable.if you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use the website.14. other partiesthe website may be linked with the websites of third parties ("third party websites"), some of whom may have established relationships with anker and some of whom may not. anker does not have control over the content and performance of third party websites. anker has not reviewed, and cannot review or control, all of the material, including computer software or other goods or websites, made available on third party websites. accordingly, anker does not represent, warrant, or endorse any third party websites, or the accuracy, currency, content, fitness, lawfulness, or quality of the information, material, goods, or websites available through third party websites. anker disclaims, and you agree to assume, all responsibility and liability for any damages or other harm, whether to you or to third parties, resulting from your use of third party websites.you accept that, as a limited liability entity, anker has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. you agree that you will not bring any claim personally against anker’s officers or employees, or against any company parties, in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in the website disclaimer will protect anker’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as anker and the company parties.15. unenforceable provisionsif any provision of the website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of the website disclaimer.16. indemnitywithout limiting any indemnification provision of this agreement, you (the "indemnitor") agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless anker and the company parties (collectively, the "indemnitees") from and against any and all claims, actions, demands, causes of action, and other proceedings (individually, "claim", and collectively, "claims"), including but not limited to legal costs and fees, and providing sole and exclusive control of the defense of any action to anker, including the choice of legal counsel and all related settlement negotiations, arising out of or relating to: (i) the relationship between you and anker, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory; (ii) your breach of this agreement, including without limitation any representation or warranty contained in this agreement; (iii) your access to or use of the website or products; (iv) your provision to anker or any of the indemnitees of information or other data; (v) your violation or alleged violation of any foreign or domestic, international, federal, state, or local law or regulation; (vi) your violations of section 8 regarding prohibited uses of the website and other prohibited conduct; or (vii) your violation or alleged violation of any third party's copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights.the indemnitees each have the individual right, but not the obligation, to participate through counsel of their choice in any defense by you of any claim as to which you are required to defend, indemnify, or hold harmless any, each, and/or all indemnitees. you may not settle any claim without the prior written consent of the concerned company parties.17. terminationterminationwithout limiting any other provision of this agreement, anker reserves the right to, in anker’s sole discretion and without notice or liability, deny use of the website to any person for any reason or for no reason at all, including without limitation for any breach or suspected breach of any representation, warranty, or covenant contained in this agreement, or of any applicable law or regulation. this agreement shall automatically terminate if you breach any of this agreement's representations, warranties, or covenants. such termination shall be automatic and shall not require any action by anker. effect of terminationany termination of this agreement automatically terminates all rights and licenses granted to you under this agreement, including all rights to use the website. upon termination, anker may, but has no obligation to, in anker’s sole discretion, rescind any websites and/or delete from anker’s systems all your personal information and any other files or information that you made available to anker or that otherwise relate to your use of the website. upon termination, you shall cease any use of the website.after termination, anker reserves the right to exercise whatever means it deems necessary to prevent your unauthorized use of the website, including without limitation technological barriers such as ip blocking and direct contact with your internet website provider. survivalupon termination, all rights and obligations created by this agreement will terminate, except that the following sections will survive any termination of this agreement: sections 1-4 and 6–27. 18. dispute resolutionbinding arbitrationif you, on the one hand, and anker and company parties (collectively, “arbitration parties”), on the other hand, cannot resolve a dispute or other claim through negotiations, any party may elect to have the dispute or claim finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other(s). you acknowledge that without this provision, you would have the right to sue in court with a jury trial or to participate in a class action. the language in this agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with its fair meaning and not strictly for or against either party. we have branches in the united states and europe, this terms of use will be governed by local laws and regulations. the arbitrator is bound by the terms of this agreement. all issues are for the arbitrator to resolve, except that issues relating to the enforceability of the arbitration provision are for a court of competent jurisdiction to resolve. the arbitration may be conducted in person, through document submission, through telephone, or online. the arbitrator will issue a decision in writing, but need only provide a statement of reasons if requested by a party. the arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. the arbitration parties may litigate to compel arbitration in court, to stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to modify, confirm, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator. the arbitrator shall award costs to the prevailing party (including, without limitation, fees, expenses, and reasonable attorneys' fees) at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party, within 14 days of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits. restrictions against joinder of claimsyou and the arbitration parties agree that any arbitration shall be limited to each claim individually. parties to arbitration under this agreement may only bring claims against the other in your or an arbitration party’s individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. if this specific provision is found to be unenforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction, the claim will still be finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration upon the election of either party, and any election to arbitrate by one party shall be final and binding on the other(s). in addition: (1) no arbitration shall be joined with any other arbitration, and (2) there is no right for any claim to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to employ class action procedures, and (3) there is no right of authority for any dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf either of the general public or any other individuals. remedies in aid of arbitration; equitable reliefthis agreement to arbitrate will not preclude you or the arbitration parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration, including without limitation orders to stay a court action, compel arbitration, or confirm an arbitral award, from a court of competent jurisdiction. furthermore, this agreement to arbitrate will not preclude you or the arbitration parties from applying to a court of competent jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim or conservatory relief, as necessary. the language in this agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with its fair meaning and not strictly for or against either party. 19. noticesall notices required or permitted to be given under this agreement must be in writing. anker shall give any notice by email sent to the most recent email address, if any, provided by the intended recipient to anker. you agree that any notice received from anker electronically satisfies any legal requirement that such notice be in writing. you bear the sole responsibility of ensuring that your email address on file with anker is accurate and current, and notice to you shall be deemed effective upon the sending by anker of an email to that address. you shall give any notice to anker by submitting said notice to us at support@anker.com.20. assignmentanker may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with anker's rights and/or obligations under these terms of use without notifying you or obtaining your consent. you may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms of use.21. severabilityif a provision of these terms of use is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. if any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.22. no waivera waiver by either party of any term or condition of this agreement, or any breach, in any one instance, will not waive that term or condition or any later breach.23. independent contractorsyou and anker are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by this agreement.24. no third-party beneficiariesthere are no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement, with the following exceptions: the company parties, indemnitees, and anker’s licensors and suppliers (to the extent expressly stated in this agreement.25. entire agreementthese terms of use, together with anker's privacy policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and anker in relation to your use of the website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of the website.26. changes to our terms of useif we decide to change our terms of use, we will update the terms of use modification date below. if the change is material, we will provide you with notice pursuant to section 19.last modified: 4/16/1927. contact usif you have any questions about our terms of use, please contact us at support@anker.com.us entity contact:anker trading llc113 barksdale professional center newark, new castle, de 19711 uk / de entity contact:anker technology (uk) ltdsuite b, fairgate house, 205 kings road, tyseley, birmingham, b11 2aagoverning lawwhen completing your purchase, a billing statement including ‘eufylife.com’ and the country code such as 'us’,'uk’, etc. would be displayed on the payment page and/or your card statement. all purchases are governed by the local law of the corresponding country as indicated by the country code in the billing statement.my cart0 item(s)free shipping on orders over $20.00your cart is emptyshop nowview ordersaboutour companypress releasescontact usresponsibilitywhere to buytechnologycareersmedia coveragecorporate purchasesupportdocuments & driversupdate firmwareprocess a warrantywarranty infoconnected equipment warrantyprivacy policyterms of useproduct verificationmap policyshipping policyproduct registrationweee infocontact usus +1 (800) 988 7973 mon-fri 6:15am-5pm (pt)uk +44 (0) 1604 936 200 mon-sun 6am-2pm (gmt)de +49 (0) 69 9579 7960 mon-fri 6am-11amjp +81 03 4455 7823 mon-fri 9am-5pmcn +86 400 0550 036 mon-fri 9am-5:30pmuae +971 8000320817 sun-thu 9am-5:30pmksa +966 8008500030 sun-thu 8am-4:30pmkw +965 22069086 sun-thu 8am-4:30pmmiddle east & africa +971 42463266 sun-thu 9am-5:30pmegypt +20 8000000826 sun-thu 7am-3:30pmsubscribeaccess exclusive offers, news, and more.by clicking 'subscribe' you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy.subscribecopyright © 2020 anker technology (uk) ltdproduct type• power banks• chargers• cables• other