来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250509152111/https://www.anker.com/ankercredits?ref=Home_Page_Bundle
================================================================================

sign up and start earning ankercredits today - anker usenjoy $25 off, and we'll plant 3 trees. make a difference >> 00:23:01:37power bankschargerswireless chargerscablesac powerhubs and docksearth day saleshop bynew releasesdealsexplore & supportjoin the ankercredits rewards programregister now to earn ankercredits with every purchase and unlock exclusive member rewards!sign uplog inhow it worksbenefitsbenefits comparisonredeem faqshow it worksjoin nowhow it worksstep 1join usget 500 ankercredits when you registersign up now >>step 2gain rewardsearn ankercredits with every purchasestart earning >>step 3redeem ankercreditsuse ankercredits to unlock exclusive discounts and free productsredeem now >>ankercredits benefits benefits comparisonmonthly plus memberimmediate access to benefits$9.99$15.00join nowannual plus membersave 17% with annual subscription$99.99$135.00join nownote: extended warranty, priority customer service, and no-questions-asked refunds are only available to annual members.redeem ankercredits rewards spend ankercredits like cashfrequently asked questions (faq)membership1. what is the ankercredits rewards program? the ankercredits rewards loyalty program is a program that allows customers to earn ankercredits on anker.com (excluding third-party retailers like amazon, ebay, walmart, etc.) that can be redeemed for rewards and member benefits as a thank-you for their loyalty. 2. who is eligible to join the ankercredits rewards program? anyone over the age of 13 in the eu or over the age of 14 in the us (or the age required by local law) can join the program. 3. how can i enroll in the ankercredits rewards program? if you already have an account on anker.com, you are already enrolled. simply log in to your account. if you don't have an account, register for an ankercredits account to start earning rewards. note: to earn ankercredits, you must be registered for the ankercredits rewards program. 4. is there a fee to join the ankercredits rewards program? no, the rewards program is free to join. 5. do my rewards, benefits, and ankercredits have any cash value? no. rewards, benefits, and ankercredits earned through the loyalty program have no cash value and cannot be transferred to others. however, ankercredits can now be used to offset costs at checkout through the "spend ankercredits like cash" feature. please note, ankercredits cannot be exchanged for cash or transferred between accounts. 6. can i merge two different anker accounts? no, ankercredits earned on different accounts cannot be combined or aggregated for any reason. 7. where can i find my redeemable ankercredits? please refer to the step-by-step guide to check your ankercredits balance. 9. who qualifies for priority shipping？ registered members have access to exclusive perks, including same-day shipping for orders placed before 1 pm (pt)) on business days. without this perk, orders will be shipped on the next business day. earning ankercredits1. where can i earn ankercredits? ankercredits can be earned on anker.com. to earn ankercredits, you must be logged in to your anker account at the time of purchase or engage in other eligible actions that qualify for rewards. 2. when will i receive my ankercredits? your ankercredits will be credited to your account 30 days after the payment of your order is successful. 3. what should i do if i believe my ankercredits were not properly credited to my account? if you have questions about your membership account, please contact anker customer service at support@anker.com. 4. do ankercredits have an expiration date? yes. ankercredits earned after the launch date will expire one year after they are unlocked. expired ankercredits will be deducted from your account. 5. can i earn ankercredits for previous transactions made before the launch of the ankercredits rewards program?no, ankercredits can only be obtained by making purchases after signing up for the ankercredits reward program. note: ankercredits rewards program was launched on june 12, 2023, and points cannot be earned for transactions made before this date. 6. how can i earn ankercredits? you can earn ankercredits in the following ways: registering for an account (one-time reward) completing your profile (one-time reward for initial completion of name, phone number, and date of birth) purchasing qualifying products 7. can shipping or tax fees earn ankercredits? no, ankercredits are not earned for shipping charges or taxes. 8. can i earn ankercredits on discounted or gift card purchases? no, ankercredits are not earned on discounts or credits linked to a product or service. 9. what happens to my ankercredits if i return a product or cancel an order? if you return a product or cancel an order, the ankercredits earned from that purchase will be reversed or decreased. ankercredits will also be deducted for partial refunds due to price adjustments. redeeming ankercredits1. how can i redeem my ankercredits for products? to redeem your ankercredits, log in to your account and go to the "redeem ankercredits rewards" section. select the product you want and click on "redeem now," then fill in the shipping details and submit your request. 2. how can i track my redeemed products? a. check the order number of your redeemed products in the "my rewards" section. click on the order number to go to "my account" page and track the delivery status of your parcel. b. you will receive an order confirmation email after redemption. once the redeemed product ships out, you will receive a shipping notification email with the tracking number. 3. do i need to pay for shipping on redeemed products? in most cases, we offer free shipping for redeemed products. however, there may be certain products for which you need to pay shipping fees. 4. can i cancel, return, or exchange redeemed products? no, once you confirm your redemption, you cannot cancel, return, or exchange the product. please double-check before confirming the redemption. contact anker customer service at support@anker.com within 7 days if the products arrive damaged. 5. can redeemed products be shipped with products i purchased from anker? no, redeemed products will be shipped separately. 6. can i choose the shipping date for redeemed products? no, the redeemed product will be shipped out as soon as you confirm the redemption. 7. what should i do if i have a question that isn't answered here? if you have any other questions, please email anker customer service at support@anker.com. 8. who can i contact if i have questions about my anker gift card? please consult anker customer service for questions about anker gift card terms of use. for questions about other gift cards, please contact the third-party provider for assistance. anker plus member1. who is eligible to become a plus member, and what distinguishes a plus member from a regular member? the ankercredits rewards program is designed to show appreciation to all anker enthusiasts. we provide our members with ultimate benefits, exceptional services, and all the latest updates—all for free. the anker plus membership is our premium, paid subscription that offers additional benefits, such as complimentary next-day delivery vouchers, extended warranty services, and greater member discounts. 2. can i merge multiple anker accounts into one plus member account? it is not possible to merge multiple anker accounts into a single plus member account. accounts are distinct and non-transferable. the plus member account is linked to the account you used to pay the membership fee. 3. can my plus member status expire? the anker plus member fee is based on an automatic renewal subscription model. we will notify you via email before your membership expires and automatically renew your membership for the subsequent period once your current term ends. 4. how do i manage or cancel my membership? you can manage your membership status, including pausing or resuming your membership, in the membership management section. if you choose to cancel, your plus membership will end immediately upon confirmation, and you will lose access to associated benefits. 5. i no longer want the plus membership. can i get a refund? the plus membership takes effect immediately upon puchase and is non-refundable. you can cancel future renewals of your plus membership through your user center. 6. how can i enjoy the extra extended warranty service? as an annual anker plus member, you are entitled to the "extra extended warranty service." please note that this benefit only applies to items purchased while your plus member benefits are active. purchases made outside your membership period will not qualify for the extended warranty service. 7. as a plus member, where can i use my benefits? as an anker plus member, you enjoy exclusive benefits including free logistics vouchers, additional ankercredits on multiple products, extra product discounts, extended warranty services, and more. these benefits are available only for orders placed on the anker website (us.anker.com) . 8. are you interested in membership alliance partnerships or business collaborations? if you would like to explore cooperative opportunities with us, we would be delighted to discuss potential synergies. kindly submit your partnership proposal or inquiry (including your contact details) to plusmember@anker.com. our team will typically respond within 1-3 business days. we appreciate your interest in collaborating with us. ankercredits rewards terms and conditionssubscribe now to get a gift with your first order!get an exclusive 15% off your first purchasesign upby signing up, you agree to anker's terms of use and privacy policy.send me news and special offers. i can unsubscribe at any time.contact ususa: for anker charging: 1-800-988-7973 mon - fri: 6 am - 5 pm (pt)support@anker.comwebsite live chatmon - fri: 8 am - 4 pm (pt)buy on the anker storehassle-free warranty30-day money-back guaranteefast, free shippinglifetime customer support amazon american express apple pay diners club discover google pay mastercard paypal shop pay venmo visaselect your country/regionnorth americaunited statesenglishcanadaenglisheuropeunited kingdomenglishdeutschlanddeutscheuropeenglishfrancefrançaisasia-pacificaustraliaenglishindiaenglishshopchargerspower bankswirelesscablesac powerhubs and dockscertified refurbishedbrandabout uscontact usterms of usewhere to buycommunitysustainabilitymsa statementexploreblogcorporate purchaseankercredits rewards programcontent creators programearn 10% referral casheducation discountmilitary and first responders discountbecome an affiliatesupportsmart help centercustomer reviewsverifyorder trackerwarranty informationprocess a warrantydownload e-manualanker dock manageraccessibilityconnected equipment warrantyproduct recallsunited states / englishunited states / english© fantasia trading llc 2025 200923810277shipping policyrefund policyprivacy noticeyour privacy choices terms of servicecookie noticecookies settingsmy cart (0)save to emailyour cart is ready!shop nowwe use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website and to assist with our marketing efforts. by continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies and our sharing of information about your interactions on our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners.ok, got it!