来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250509152111/https://www.anker.com/policies/privacy-policy?ref=footer
================================================================================

privacy policy - anker usenjoy 20% off this teachers' day with code: teacher20 win a mystery box worth over $280 with 8 items! claim now >> power bankschargerswireless chargerscablesac powerhubs and dockscorporate purchaseshop bynew releasesdealsexplore & supportprivacy notice last updated: 24.03.2025 effective date: 24.03.2025 this privacy notice is issued by anker innovations technology co., ltd and its affiliates (together, “anker”, “we”, “us” and “our”) and is addressed to individuals outside our organization with whom we interact, including customers, visitors to our sites, users of our applications, and recipients of any of our other products or services, personnel of corporate customers and vendors (together, “you”). defined terms used in this privacy notice are explained in section (16) below. this privacy notice applies to all of anker’s brands, including anker, eufymake, ankerwork, eufy, nebula and soundcore, as well as any specific device, website, or application that references or links to this privacy notice. we may update this privacy notice to reflect changes to our information practices. if we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on anker's application or site you used prior to the change becoming effective. all changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided. we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. list of contents 1. collection of personal data 2. creation of personal data 3. categories of personal data we collect and process 4. purposes of processing 5. legal basis for processing 6. disclosure of personal data 7. international transfer of personal data 8. data retention 9. your privacy rights 10. direct marketing 11. details of controllers 12. business information and links to other websites 13. cookies, analytics and tailored advertising 14. contact us 15. supplemental terms – jurisdiction-specific 16. definitions annex i – details of processing 1. collection of personal data depending on how you use our sites, applications, products or services, we may collect or obtain personal data about you from the following sources: data you provide to us: we obtain personal data when you provide those data to us (e.g., when you register an account with us; where you contact us via email, telephone, or by any other means; or when you provide us with your business card). account creation details: we collect or obtain personal data when you register or create an account to use any of our sites or applications. relationship data: we collect or obtain personal data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g., when we provide a service to you). site or application data: we collect or obtain personal data when you visit or use any of our sites or applications, or use any features or resources available on or through our sites or applications. content and advertising information: if you interact with any third-party content or advertising on our sites and/or applications (including third-party plugins and cookies), we allow the relevant third-party providers to collect your personal data relating to your interaction with that content or advertising, and we receive some or all of this personal data from the relevant third-party provider relating to your interaction with that content or advertising. data you make public: we may collect the personal data content you publish, or otherwise manifestly make public, including comments you make about us, through our applications and other platforms, your social media, or any other publicly available platforms. third party information: we collect or obtain personal data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., single sign-on providers and other authentication services you use to connect to our services, third-party providers of integrated services, your employer, other anker customers, business partners, processors, and law enforcement authorities). data automatically collected: we and our third-party partners automatically collect information you provide to us and information about how you access and use our sites, applications, products or other services when you visit our services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us. we typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including (i) cookies or small data files that are stored on an individual’s computer and (ii) other, related technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, mobile sdks, location-identifying technologies and logging technologies (collectively, “tracking technologies”) and we may use third-party partners or technologies to collect this information. information we collect automatically about you may be combined with other personal information we collect directly from you or receive from other sources. for more information on which data we collect, please also refer to the table in annex i. 2. creation of personal data we also create personal data records about you in certain circumstances, such as records of your interactions with us, details of your past interactions with us. we may also link personal data collected from any of our sites, applications, products, or services, including where those data are collected from different devices. 3. categories of personal data we collect and process when you first register for an anker account, we may collect the following categories of personal data about you: username and password, email addresses and/or phone numbers. after successfully creating your anker account, you can use it to log in across anker’s various sites and applications without needing to create an account for each specific site or application. when using our sites, applications, products, or services, we may also collect and/or process the following categories of personal data about you: contact information: including your first and last name, preferred name, phone number, email address, mailing address, and communication preferences, all of which you have voluntarily provided. account information: including first and last name, date of birth / age, alias, country, language preferences, and communication preferences, email address, phone number, employer and avatar, all of which you have voluntarily provided, along with account credentials or one-time passcodes, single sign-on authentication tokens, loyalty and incentive program credits / rewards, the products or services you are interested in,purchased or have otherwise used. transaction information: including records of purchases and prices, consignee first and last name, shipping address and contact information, shipment tracking details, details of returns, and warranty details, when you place orders on our sites or applications. payment details: such as invoice / payment records, payment amount, payment date, billing address,and payment method, when you place orders on our sites or applications. please note that we use third-party payment providers, including shop pay, stripe, amazon pay, paypal, and google pay, to process payments made to us. we do not receive or retain any personally identifiable financial information such as payment card numbers; rather, all such information is provided directly by you to our third-party payment providers. the payment provider’s use of your personal data is governed by their privacy policy. information collected from third-party authentication services or other third-party accounts you link to our services: some of our sites, applications, products or services may allow you to log in through a third-party social network or authentication service, such as amazon, apple, google, and facebook. when you use these single sign-on services to access our sites, applications, products, or services, we do not receive your login credentials for the relevant third-party service. instead, we receive tokens from the single sign-on service to help identify you in our system (such as by your username) and confirm you successfully authenticated with the single sign-on services. in addition to authenticating your identity, these services will, in most cases, provide you the option to share certain personal data with us, which could include your name, email address, address book, friend list and other contacts, or other information in your public profile (e.g., profile picture, age range, gender, language, country). the data we receive is dependent on that third party’s policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site. product-specific information: upon installation of and/or binding iot products to our applications, we will collect certain telemetry data to maintain and protect our services, monitor, manage and optimize performance, and provide customer support and warranty services. additionally, we may ask you to provide some other information or obtain information from third parties if relevant to the functionality of the products. the specific data collected will depend on the products you choose to install and/or use with our applications. for details about the product-specific information we collect, please refer to the following: anker: when you use our charging-related products, such as power stations and batteries, we will collect the following product-specific data: information from third parties: to complete the delivery and the installation process of power stations, enable product activation and create user ids for users, as well as to provide updates and information related to the power stations purchased, we may obtain certain information from the installers. this information may include your email address, the address where the device is installed, and optionally, your name and phone number, all of which you provide to the installers. information automatically collected: device operational data: such as energy production data, power consumption data, charging data, performance metrics, and user settings. device log data: such as device status, event logs, error and fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs. eufymake: when you use our 3d printers, we will collect the following product-specific data: information you provide: such as 3d design files and models voluntarily uploaded by you. information automatically collected: device operational data: such as print job data (including file name, print duration, material used, and print settings), printer performance metrics, usage patterns, material information, and user settings. device log data: such as device status, event logs, error and fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs. when you use our make it real, we will collect the following product-specific data: information you provide: such as images voluntarily uploaded by you, which may include facial images of individuals, to generate your designs using ai tools. when you voluntarily turn on the user experience improvement program, or voluntarily submitting share feedback, we will collect your designs and uploaded images to improve our ai models. device operational data: such as community interaction data (views, clicks, comments, likes, favorites), publishing data (number of posts, number of times posted), ai tools usage data (number of clicks, number of generations), material usage data (amount of usage, number of uses), user settings data, to optimize the community's content and provide better services, we collect data. device log data: such as device status, event logs, error and fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs. ankerwork: when you use our conferencing products, such as webcams, speakerphones, headphones and microphones, we will collect the following product-specific data: information automatically collected: device operational data: such as usage statistics, performance metrics and user settings, etc. device log data: such as device status, event logs, error and fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs. eufy: when you use our clean-related products, such as vacuum cleaners and floor washing machines, we will collect the following product-specific data: information you provide: voice information: you may generate voice prompts when you use one of our voice-assisted technologies, and transfer your voice prompts to your third-party voice-assistant service account (such as amazon’s alexa or google assistant) as a command. location: we may request to access your device location permissions for activating your products, establishing your bluetooth connection, selecting time zone settings, and obtaining your latitude, longitude and altitude information for anti-theft, data analysis purposes and to provide better marketing promotion services. images: when you use the lawn texture mapping feature, we will collect images captured by the mower's camera from the device to create texture maps. information automatically collected: device operational data: such as cleaning history and information about the home environment such as floorplans, types of flooring, existence and types of objects within the home, and levels of dirt detected; cleaning history; etc. if robotic vacuums are equipped with cameras or other visual sensors, they may capture images or video data for the purposes of navigation and obstacle avoidance, provided that we have obtained your consent. device log data: such as device status, event logs, error and fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs, etc. when you use our baby-related products, such as the baby monitors and smart socks, we will collect the following product-specific data: information you provide: to customize the user experience, and track and analyze your baby's growth and development over time, we may collect the information you choose to share about your baby, such as your baby’s name, gender, age group, weight, photographs. information automatically collected: device operational data: such as sleep patterns, nap patterns, movements, heart rate, and blood oxygen levels of users when using the smart sock; images and video of the infant for remote monitoring purposes when using the baby monitor device log data: such as device status, event logs, error and fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs, etc. when you use our security-related products, such as security cameras, video doorbells, smart storage and smart locks, we will collect the following product-specific data: information you provide: location: we may request to access your location permission for activating your products, establishing your bluetooth connection, selecting time zone settings, and obtaining your latitude, longitude and altitude information for data analysis purposes and to provide better marketing promotion services. fingerprint: when you use our smart locks, you may need to enroll your fingerprint to be able to open the lock through the use of your finger. please be aware that the fingerprint information is stored locally and will not be uploaded to the cloud. information automatically collected: device operational data: for users of security cameras that have subscribed to our cloud storage services, videos related to those cloud storage subscriptions will be uploaded to the cloud. note that depending on where you live, the surveillance laws in effect in your jurisdiction, and how you configure our services, you may need to obtain explicit consent from individuals before using our security cameras and other products to create and save video or images of them or provide notice informing visitors to your home that our products or services are in use. it is your responsibility to ensure that you comply with all such applicable laws. additionally, we may also collect other operational data, such as usage statistics, performance metrics and user settings. biometric data: for users of security cameras that offer biometric-related features, the security cameras will leverage biometric technologies (such as facial recognition tools) when a user chooses to turn on the features in order to capture biometric data (such as face images and underlying face prints). the security cameras use this technology and the biometric data it generates to determine whether an individual in the device’s field of vision is a “familiar face” or a stranger. we do not store or have access to this biometric data. instead, the applicable biometric assessment process is conducted entirely on your device. we may, however, receive confirmation of the results of the biometric assessment, such as in the form of an alert attached to your security account indicating your camera saw a “familiar face” or a stranger. depending on where you live, the laws in effect in your jurisdiction, and how you configure our services, you may need to obtain explicit consent from individuals before using our products to create, save and analyze video or photographic images of them (including to conduct biometric processing of their images) or provide notice informing visitors to your home that our products or services are in use. it is your responsibility to ensure that you comply with all such applicable laws. device log data: such as device status, event logs, error and fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs, etc. when you use our smart scales, we will collect the following product-specific data: information you provide: including user profiles, such as name, gender, birthday, and height of you and/or your family members ,which you voluntarily provide. by knowing the user's profile, the smart scale can provide more accurate health metrics based on age, gender, and height. information from third parties: if you connect your fitbit or apple health account through the 'third-party services' feature, we may receive additional health data, such as energy expenditure, related to you and/or your family members from fitbit or apple health. information automatically collected: device operational data: such as user metrics (including data such as weight, body fat percentage, muscle mass, water percentage, bone density, and bmi (body mass index), measurement history, usage statistics, performance metrics and user settings. device log data: such as device status, event logs, error and fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs,. nebula：when you use our nebula smart projectors, we will collect the following product-specific data: information automatically collected: device operational data: usage statistics, performance metrics and user settings. device log data: such as device status, event logs, error and fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs. soundcore: when you use our soundcore speakers and headphones, we will collect the following product-specific data: information automatically collected: device operational data: such as entertainment preferences, including audio / video settings, and the entertainment services you like to engage with. with your permission, we will also read call status for the soundcore music player so that music played before a call can be paused and resumed after the call ends. with your permission, the soundcore app may also seek permission to access your mobile device’s microphone to enable you to take advantage of certain speech-based speaker / headphone features. you may refuse or withdraw your permission at any time through the privacy settings of your mobile device. device log data: such as device status, event logs, error and fault logs, maintenance logs, and security logs, etc. information about your mobile, device and network: including mobile name, mobile brand, mobile model, operating system, ip address, browser type, device type, device name, device serial numbers, device mac address, wifi ssid, the list of installed application, and unique identifiers associated with your device or your network (including, for example, user id, uuid (universal unique identifier), open udid, station ip, session id, device id, android id, idfa, or a persistent device identifier or advertising id). information about the way individuals use our services and interact with us: including click records, the site from which you came, the site to which you are going when you leave our services, how frequently you access our services, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access our services from multiple devices, and other browsing behavior and actions you take on our services (such as the pages you visit, the content you view, the communications you have through our services, and the content, links and ads you interact with, and the record of your interactions, including browsing, liking, downloading, adding to favorites, commenting and sharing content). we employ third-party technologies designed to allow us to collect detailed information about browsing behavior and actions that individuals take on our services, which may record your actions down to the level of mouse movements, scrolling, clicks, and keystroke activity on our services. information about your location: including general geographic location that we or our third-party providers may derive from your ip address. event, contest, promotion, and survey information: including information provided when you sign up for an event, enter a contest or promotion, complete a survey or submit a testimonial. community interaction information: including any photographs, images, 3d design files or other files you upload, as well as any posts, comments, or messages you share within the community forums on our website. this may also encompass your username, profile picture, and any public activity related to the community services, such as likes, follows, and shared content. feedback and support information: including the contents of custom messages sent through the forms, email addresses, or other contact information we make available to customers, as well as photographs and videos submitted or recordings of calls with us (where permitted by law), and any comments, views, and opinions that you publicly post about us on social media platforms or our sites or applications. sensitive personal information: when you use our sites, applications, products, or services, we may collect your sensitive personal information, such as biometric data, with your explicit consent, in order to provide specific features. to collect some of the personal data set forth above, we may need to request permission to access such personal data through your mobile device. you are in control of the permissions you grant us, and you may change your permission settings at any time in the setting dashboard of your device. note that revoking permissions may affect the provision and performance of our sites, applications, products, and services. 4. purposes of processing we may use the personal data we collect for the following purposes, subject to applicable law: fulfill our contractual obligations, to deliver sites, applications, products, services and promotions you have requested, including facilitating your messages to other users or groups and for account and contract management (including sales, finance, vendor engagement, customer support, and customer preferences); manage our organization and its day-to-day operations; communicate with individuals, including in person, through our sites, applications, products and services, or via direct mail, email, text message, push notification, social media and/or telephone and video calls, about our sites, applications, products and services and other relevant matters; facilitate the relationship we have with individuals and, where applicable, the companies they represent; review our business performance; market our sites, applications, products and services to businesses and individuals, including in person, through our sites, applications, products and services, and through email, direct mail, phone or video call, text message, push notification, social media or online advertising. this may include targeted advertising and retargeting; administer, improve and personalize our sites, applications, products and services, including by displaying content, features, and advertising tailored to an individual’s interests, recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our services and analyzing our customer base; process payment for paid products and features on our sites, applications, and other services; conduct market research, and engage with users for the purposes of obtaining their views on our sites, applications, products and services; opportunity tracking, conversion and lead generation; test, enhance, update, audit and monitor the products and services (including our communications, it and security systems), or diagnose or fix technology problems; help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property, products and services, technology assets and business and our users (including communicating with users in relation to product recalls and product safety advisory notices); enforce our contractual rights, including without limitation, and to the extent applicable, the anker terms of service, general terms and conditions, software terms of service; any addendum thereto or other applicable terms. resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties; detect, prevent, investigate or provide notice of breach of policies or terms, fraud, threats of harm or unlawful or criminal activity; enable functions of our sites, applications, products and services, including creating profiles, using our online-shop and rating products, and administering loyalty and incentive programs; display certain functionalities of our sites, applications, products and services in connection with third parties, such as the trusted shop banner, shipment tracking or product videos; enable you to use certain functionalities of our sites, applications, products and services; offer discounts to certain groups, such as students; decide whether to enter into a business partnership, such as the affiliate program or the merchant program; facilitate business transactions and reorganizations impacting the structure of our business; comply with legal and regulatory obligations; and fulfill any other purpose for which you provide your personal data, or for which you have otherwise consented. you can find more information about how we process your personal data in the table in annex i. 5. legal bases for processing the legal bases on which we rely for the processing of personal data are as follows: perform our contractual services or prior to entering into a contract with you: if you order products or services from us or if you contact us to request our products or services, we use your personal data to provide you with these products or services, including for account and contract management, to facilitate user benefits and services, including customer support and process payment for our products and services or with information that may be relevant for you to decide on whether you want to order our products and services; justified by our legitimate interests: the usage of your personal data may also be necessary for our own business interests. for example, we may use some of your personal data to update and monitor the services, or diagnose or fix technology problems; help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and services, technology assets and business; enforce our terms, resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties; and prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity. consent: in some cases, we may ask you to grant us separate consent to use your personal data. in this case, you can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future. compliance with legal obligations: we are obligated to collect or retain certain personal data because of legal requirements, for example, tax or commercial laws, or we may be required by law enforcement to provide personal data on request. you can find more information on the legal bases in the table in annex i. 6. disclosure of personal data we may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide personal data with and to third parties, as described below. you and, where appropriate, your appointed representatives. anker affiliates: we share personal data amongst the legal entities that make up the anker group, for legitimate business purposes and the operation of our sites, applications, products, and services for you, in accordance with applicable law. these legal entities may use your personal data in the manner described in this privacy notice. as required by law: we may disclose personal data to third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement agencies, regulators, other authorities and other third parties for legal reasons if we reasonably believe in good faith that such action is necessary: in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process; to protect our rights and property and the rights, personal safety and property of others, including to enforce our agreements and policies; to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud or other criminal activity; or as otherwise required by applicable law. third-party processors: we share personal data with third party contractors and service providers subject to reasonable confidentiality terms. such as email service providers; marketing/advertising service providers; call service providers; video shopping support and showroom service providers; text message service providers; venue operators; payment services providers; shipping companies; and postal carriers, subject to the requirements noted below in this section (6). these processors support us in processing the types of personal data described above in section (1) - (3), and for the purposes described in section (4). they only are authorized to process that information as necessary and as directed by us; advertising networks and partners: to efficiently market our products and services to you, including to deliver advertising and personalize content on our sites, applications, products and services, on other websites and services, and across other devices, we may share personal data with advertising networks and partners. these parties may collect information automatically from your browser or device when you visit our websites and other services through the use of cookies and similar technologies. this information is used to provide and inform targeted advertising, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research. for more information about how these technologies work and certain choices you may have in relation to these technologies, please refer to section (13) below; business and marketing partners: we may also disclose personal data with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services or who are part of our partner program. we may obtain your consent where required by applicable law. third party services integrated in our services (for instance, third party voice-assisted technologies may receive information you choose to share directly with them); individuals you choose, for example through our device-sharing function; we recommend you share information with only people you trust; independent advisors: we may disclose personal data to our independent advisors such as accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers, and other outside professional advisors to anker, subject to binding contractual or statutory obligations or statutory of confidentiality; corporate transactions: if anker is involved in a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our company assets, we may disclose personal data to a third party during negotiation of, in connection with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction. if anker completes such a corporate business transaction, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your personal data, and choices you may have regarding your personal data. personal data may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership; and other disclosures: we may also disclose your personal data to any other third party or publicly with your prior consent or direction. if we engage a third-party processor to process your personal data, the processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only process the personal data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the personal data; together with any additional requirements under applicable law. please note that third parties and business partners may process your personal data in accordance with their own privacy policies and terms of service. 7. international transfer of personal data because of the international nature of our business, we transfer personal data within the anker group, and to third parties as noted in section (6) above, in connection with the purposes set out in this notice. for this reason, we transfer personal data to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements than those that apply in the country in which you are located, including china, the eea, the uk, and the us. in the event of a transfer by anker, we ensure that international transfers of your personal data are made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as: (i) ensuring that the personal data is only transferred to countries recognized as adequate jurisdictions. the current adequacy decisions can be found here. there is currently no adequacy decision for china; and there is only a partial adequacy decision for the u.s., where only such companies that are registered under the data privacy framework are covered by an adequacy decision or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the european commission or uk secretary of state (as applicable) in connection with appropriate supplementary measures. the decision and the template text of these standard contractual clauses can be found here; if you wish to enquire further about these safeguards, including the specific contracts entered into, or used, please contact us using the details set out under section (14) of this privacy notice. please note that when you transfer any personal data directly to any anker entity established outside the uk, switzerland, or the eea (as applicable), this is considered a direct collection, to which the safeguards mentioned in this section (7) may not apply. we will nevertheless process your personal data, from the point at which we receive such data, in accordance with the provisions of this privacy notice. 8. data retention we have implemented processes designed to ensure that your personal data are only processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice. the criteria for determining the duration for which we will retain your personal data are as follows: we will retain personal data in a form that permits identification only for as long as: (a) we maintain an ongoing relationship with you (e.g., where you are a user of our services, or you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or (b) your personal data are necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this privacy notice, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g., where your personal data are included in a contract between you and us, and we have a legitimate interest in processing those personal data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your personal data), the duration of: (a) any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e., either any statutory retention periods as required by the law of the applicable region (e.g., the european union or a member state of the eea), or any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your personal data, or to which your personal data are relevant); and (b) an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any personal data that are relevant to that claim), in addition, if any relevant legal claims are brought, we continue to process personal data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim. during the periods noted in paragraphs (2)(a) and (2)(b) above, we will restrict our processing of your personal data to storage of, and maintaining the security of, those data, except to the extent that those data need to be reviewed in connection with any legal claim, or any obligation under applicable law. once the periods in paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) above, each to the extent applicable, have concluded, we will either: permanently delete or destroy the relevant personal data; or anonymize or deidentify the relevant personal data. 9. your privacy rights subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the processing of your relevant personal data: the right not to provide your personal data to us (however, please note that we may be unable to provide you with the full benefit of our services, if you do not provide us with your personal data – e.g., we might not be able to process your requests without the necessary details); the right to request access to, or copies of, your relevant personal data, together with additional information, such as information regarding the nature, processing and disclosure of those relevant personal data; the right to request rectification of any inaccuracies or incompleteness in your relevant personal data; the right to request, on legitimate grounds, restriction of processing of your relevant personal data (limiting the purposes for which we process your personal data); the right to have certain relevant personal data transferred to another controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to the extent applicable; the right to request the deletion or removal of your relevant personal data where there is no other legal basis for us to keep using it. please note that we may not be able to immediately remove the information from the backup system due to applicable laws and regulations or technological limitations. if this is the case, we will isolate your relevant personal data from any further processing until the backup can be deleted or be anonymized / deidentified. where we process your relevant personal data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw that consent at any time (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal). under the gdpr, you may also have the following additional rights regarding the processing of your relevant personal data: the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your relevant personal data by us or on our behalf, where such processing is based on articles 6(1)(e) (public interest) or 6(1)(f) (legitimate interests) of the gdpr; the right to object to the processing of your relevant personal data by us or on our behalf for direct marketing purposes. the right to lodge complaints regarding the processing of your relevant personal data with a competent data protection authority (in particular, the uk information commissioner’s office, or the data protection authority of the eu member state in which you live, or in which you work, or in which the alleged infringement occurred. if you live in germany, the relevant data protection authority is the "bayerisches landesamt für datenschutzaufsicht", promenade 18, 91522 ansbach). however, we encourage you to first contact us so that we can together solve any concerns you may have. this does not affect your statutory rights. to exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this privacy notice, or about our processing of your personal data, please use the contact details provided in section (14) below. please note that: in some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights; and where your request requires the establishment of additional facts (e.g., a determination of whether any processing is non-compliant with applicable law) we will investigate your request reasonably promptly, before deciding what action to take. 10. direct marketing we process personal data to contact you via email, telephone, direct mail, or other communication formats to provide you with information regarding sites, applications, products, and services that may be of interest to you. if we provide sites, applications, products, or services to you, we may send or display information to you regarding our sites, applications, products, or services, upcoming promotions and other information that may be of interest to you, including by using the contact details that you have provided to us, or any other appropriate means, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law. please note that we may track your opening and clicking behavior. you may unsubscribe from specific promotional email campaigns at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link included in every promotional electronic communication we send, or you may unsubscribe from all anker promotional emails by unsubscribing online at https://passport.anker.com/unsubscribe/?app=ankerus. after you unsubscribe, we will not send you further promotional emails in connection with the email campaigns you have unsubscribed from, but in some circumstances we will continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of providing any sites, applications, products, or services you have requested or in connection with any email campaigns to which you remain subscribed. you may unsubscribe from specific promotional text campaigns at any time by replying stop via text message to any of the promotional text communications we send in relation to the specific campaign you would like to opt out from. after you unsubscribe, we will not send you further promotional text messages in connection with the text campaigns you have unsubscribed from, but in some circumstances, we will continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of providing any sites, applications, products, or services you have requested or in connection with any text campaigns to which you remain subscribed. 11. details of controllers for the purposes of this privacy notice, the relevant joint controllers are: controller entity contact details anker technology (uk) ltd. 205 kings road, fairgate housesuite bb11 2aa birmingham+49 (0) 69 9579 7960 anker innovations technology co., ltd room701, bldg 7, zhongdian software park, 39 jianshan road, hi-tech zone, changsha city, hunan province, china shenzhen oceanwing smart innovations technology co., ltd b701-705, jianxing tech bldg, xinxing industrial park, 3151 shahe west road, nanshan district, shenzhen city fantasia trading llc 5350 ontario mills pkwy, suite 100, ontario, ca 91764 anker technology (sg) pte., ltd. 112 robinson road #03-01 roginson 112 singapore anker innovation australia pty. ltd. suite 103 44 lakeview drive scoresby vic 3179 anker innovations canada co., ltd 201, 856 homer street, vancouver, bc for general enquiries, or to exercise any of the rights set out in this privacy notice, please contact support@anker.com. with respect to the processing of personal data through our site and applications, the entities mentioned above can both access your personal data and decide on the means and purposes of the processing. therefore, they are jointly responsible for the processing of your personal data. notwithstanding your ability to contact anker, at support@anker.com, for all data protection related matters, anker innovations technology co., ltd. offers to take care of all matters relating to your personal data. to this end, you may send any concerns, including requests to exercise your rights under section (9) of this privacy notice, to anker innovations technology co., ltd. at the contact information provided above or in section (14). 12. business information and links to other websites business information – in the course of using our sites, applications, products, and services, we may ask you to provide business information related to the company where you work. business information may include information about your company’s practices, policies, processes, and supporting documentation. this business information is stored on anker systems, and we use it to provide the solutions you have contracted us to provide and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in agreements between anker and your company, links to other websites – this privacy notice applies only to anker practices, technologies, and services. our online properties may include links to websites and online services that are operated by other companies not under the control or direction of anker. if you provide or submit personal data to those websites or online services, the privacy policies on those websites or online services apply to your personal data. we encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies of any website you visit. 13. cookies, analytics and tailored advertising anker and its third-party partners and providers use cookies and similar technologies to automatically collect certain personal data when you visit or interact with our sites and services to enhance navigation, analyze trends, administer the sites, track users’ movements around the sites, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and assist with our marketing efforts and customer service. you can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our sites and services. our sites provide you the ability to adjust your preferences regarding our use of cookies and similar technologies by clicking the "cookie settings” link in the footer of our sites. these cookie preference manager tools are website, device, and browser specific, so you will need to change your preferences on each device and browser you use when interacting with the specific site you are visiting. you can also stop all collection of information via our web services by not using our sites and services. you may also be able to utilize third-party tools and features to further restrict our use of cookies and similar technologies. for example, cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. browsers offer different functionalities and options, so you may need to set them separately. in addition, you may be able to exercise specific privacy choices, such as enabling or disabling certain location-based services, by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device or internet browser. you may also exercise choice regarding the use of cookies from google analytics by going to https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en to download the google analytics opt-out browser add-on. for information on how google analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to google, review google's website here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. you may also opt-out of targeted advertising by companies that participate in the digital advertising alliance (“daa”) adchoices program by visiting optout.aboutads.info. for more information on the daa adchoices program, please visit www.youradchoices.com. in addition, the network advertising initiative (“nai”) has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt out of certain tailored advertising delivered by nai members’ advertising networks. to learn more about opting out of such targeted advertising or to use the nai tool, see https://optout.networkadvertising.org/. 14. contact us if you have questions or concerns with respect to our privacy notice or privacy practices, you may contact us at support@anker.com or dpo@anker.com. 15. supplemental terms – jurisdiction-specific (1)united states these following disclosures supplement the information contained in the main body of our privacy notice by providing additional information about our personal data processing practices relating to individual residents of certain states in the united states, including the states of california, nevada, colorado, connecticut, montana, oregon, texas, utah, or virginia in the united states. for a detailed description of how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal data, please read the main body of our privacy notice. collection and use of personal data personal data as described in more detail in section (3) above, we collect, and have collected in the preceding 12 months, the following categories of personal data: identifiers, such as first and last name, preferred name, phone number, email address, user id, and online identifiers. customer records, such as contact information, address book information, and account information. protected classification characteristics, such as age, gender, and health status. commercial information, such as records of purchases and prices, shipping address and contact information, and details of returns, and consumer histories and tendencies. biometric information, such as facial or other biometric recognition technology results processed and maintained solely on the user’s device (see below for more detail). internet / network information, such as the device type, manufacturer, and model, operating system, ip address, browser type, internet service provider, and unique identifiers associated with you, your device, or your network. audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, including voice prompts / recordings and service avatars, images and video. professional / employment information, such as employer and job title. sensitive personal data, such as account credentials, biometric information and health data (as further described below). other personal data, such as your communication preferences, entertainment preferences, home configuration (for our home-related services), participation in our loyalty and incentive programs, and any other personal data you choose to share in custom messages sent through the forms, email addresses, or other contact information we make available to customers. inferences, including consumer preferences, predispositions, and characteristics. as described in section (1) above, we collect this personal data directly from you, automatically when you interact with our sites, applications, products, or other services, from third parties, and from public third-party platforms such as social media websites. we collect personal data from and about you for a variety of purposes. for example, we use personal data to communicate with you; to facilitate, process, and fulfill orders you place with us or the services you request; to conduct surveys, sweepstakes, contests and other promotions; to analyze and improve the use of our sites and applications; to deliver marketing communications and personalized and non-personalized advertising; and to facilitate our customer services. for more information about our use of personal data, please refer to section (4) above. sensitive personal data the following personal data elements we collect or are otherwise processed in connection with our sites, applications, products or services may be classified as “sensitive” under certain privacy laws (“sensitive personal data”): account credentials. payment card information (collected and processed solely by our third-party payment providers; anker does not have access to this data). biometric information (collected and processed solely on the user’s device; anker does not have access to this data). health metrics, including sleep patterns, movements, heart rate, height, weight, and body mass index . precise geolocation data. we only use or disclose sensitive personal data where reasonably necessary and proportionate, and where permitted by law, for the purposes of performing services you have requested, verifying and improving the services we provide, detecting security incidents, fraud and other illegal actions, ensuring the physical safety of natural persons, performing services on behalf of the business, or short-term transient use. we only collect and process sensitive personal data without the purpose of inferring characteristics about the relevant individual, and we do not sell sensitive personal data or process or otherwise share sensitive personal data for the purpose of targeted advertising (as further described below). however, depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit, or withdraw your consent for, our processing of sensitive personal data (as described in the your additional u.s. privacy choices section below). deidentified information we may at times receive, or process personal data to create, deidentified information that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. where we maintain deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the information except as required or permitted by law. keep your information safe and secure all anker products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. the insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. and if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. we work hard to protect you and anker from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: we use encryption to keep your data private while in transit we offer a range of security features, like safe browsing, security checkup, and 2 step verification to help you protect your account we review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems we restrict access to personal information to anker employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations . personal data disclosures, sales, and targeted advertising we may disclose the categories of personal data above to the following categories of third parties: the entities that make up the anker group, processors, ad networks and advertising partners, business and marketing partners, third-party providers with services integrating with our services, individuals you choose to share personal data with, and certain third parties where you have provided consent or where otherwise required or permitted by law. please see section (6) for more detail. please be aware that we will not transfer your sensitive personal data to any third parties, including advertising platforms, data brokers, or information resellers, for purposes other than providing or improving the use case or features of our sites, applications, products, or services, without your consent. our disclosure or making available of identifiers, customer records, commercial information, internet / network information, and inferences to ad networks and advertising partners may qualify as the sale of personal data or the sharing or processing of personal data for the purpose of displaying advertisements that are selected based on personal data obtained or inferred over time from an individual’s activities across businesses or distinctly-branded websites, applications, or other services (otherwise known as “targeted advertising” or “cross-context behavioral advertising”) under certain privacy laws. depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to limit or opt-out of the sale of personal data or the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted advertising (as described in the your additional u.s. privacy choices section below). please note we do not sell the personal data of individuals we know to be less than 16 years of age or share such information for targeted advertising purposes. in addition, we do not sell sensitive personal data, and we do not process or otherwise share sensitive personal data for the purpose of targeted advertising. automated decision-making and profiling we do not conduct automated processing of personal data for the purposes of evaluating, analyzing, or predicting an individual’s personal aspects in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. as a result, we do not provide a right to exercise control over such forms of automated decision-making and profiling. your additional u.s. privacy choices depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise some or all of the following rights: right to know. the right to confirm whether we are processing personal data about you and, under california and oregon law only, to obtain certain personalized details about the personal data we have collected about you, including: the categories of personal data collected; the categories of sources of the personal data the purposes for which the personal data were collected; the categories of personal data disclosed to third parties (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom this personal data were disclosed (or, for oregon residents only, a list of the specific third parties to whom personal data have been disclosed); the categories of personal data shared for targeted advertising purposes (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the personal data were disclosed for these purposes; and the categories of personal data sold (if any) and the categories of third parties to whom the personal data were sold. right to access & portability. the right to obtain access to the personal data we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance. right to correction. the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data. right to control over sensitive personal data. the right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive personal data. right to opt-out of targeted advertising. the right to direct us not to use or share personal data for certain targeted advertising purposes. right to opt-out of sales. the right to direct us not to sell personal data to third parties. right to deletion. the right to have us delete personal data we maintain about you (subject to certain exceptions). depending on your state of residency, you may also have the right to not receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights. however, the exercise of the rights described above may result in a different price, rate or quality level of product or service where that difference is reasonably related to the impact the right has on our relationship or is otherwise permitted by law. submitting privacy rights requests please submit a request specifying the right you wish to exercise by: completing our online form found here; or sending us an email at the following address: support@anker.com. to exercise your right to opt-out as it relates to the use of cookies and similar technologies that involve the sale of personal data or the use of personal data for targeted advertising purposes, please click the “cookie settings” link in the footer of the website and adjust your preferences accordingly. if you are visiting our sites with the global privacy control enabled, any cookies that constitute sales or are used for targeted advertising should already be turned off automatically in our cookie preference manager. please note this opt-out tool is website, device and browser specific, so you will need to change your preferences on each device and browser you use to interact with the specific website you are visiting. in addition, you can also opt-out of cookie-based sales by businesses that participate in the digital advertising alliance’s ccpa opt-out tool by visiting https://www.privacyrights.info/. lastly, you may follow the other steps set forth in section (13) above to further exercise control over cookies and similar technologies. before processing your request to exercise certain rights (including the right to know, access & portability, correction, and deletion), we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a state that offers the requested right(s). in order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. as a result, we require requests submitted through our online form and email address to include the requester’s name and email address, their relationship with anker, the brands relevant to the request, and the data subject’s email address, state/ country/ zip and any comments relating to the request. in certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or where you are not a resident of one of the eligible states. submitting authorized agent requests in certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf through the designated methods set forth above where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. in order to verify the authorized agent’s authority, we generally require evidence of either (i) a valid power of attorney or (ii) a signed letter containing your name and contact information, the name and contact information of the authorized agent, and a statement of authorization for the request. depending on the evidence provided and your state of residency, we may still need to separately reach out to you to confirm the authorized agent has permission to act on your behalf and to verify your identity in connection with the request. appealing privacy rights decisions depending on your state of residency, you may be able to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. all appeal requests should be submitted by replying to the communication resolving your original request. financial incentives and loyalty programs we offer various financial incentives to our customers, including: discounts, coupons, and special offers via email when signing up for our email lists or creating an account; rewards when referring a friend who purchases our products or services; and loyalty programs, where customers earn / redeem rewards based upon their past transactions with us. to obtain access to certain of these programs and other offerings, we may ask to collect your personal data, including name, contact information, professional information, account information, and transaction information. we consider the value of these programs and other offerings to be reasonably related to the value of the personal data to our business, based on our reasonable but sole determination. we estimate the value of the personal data by considering the expense incurred by the business related to the collection, storage, and retention of the personal data in the context of the financial incentive program and the expenses related to the provision of the financial incentive. the terms applicable to each program and other offering are provided at the time an eligible customer is offered an opportunity to participate. interested customers can opt-in to these programs and offerings by following the instructions presented at the time the offer is made. participating customers may withdraw from our programs and other offerings at any time by unsubscribing from our emails (for email-based incentives), closing their accounts (for loyalty and reward program incentives), following the instructions provided in connection with each offering, or by emailing us at support@anker.com. (2) australia the following disclosures supplement the information applicable to residents of australia. we strictly comply with relevant australian laws and regulations to ensure transparency in the collection, use,, and sharing of your information. these laws include the privacy act 1988, the spam act 2003, and other applicable privacy and data protection legislation. how we protect your personal information all personal information we hold will be processed and stored in compliance with obligations under the privacy act 1988. we take reasonable steps to: implement practices, procedures, and systems to ensure legal compliance and address compliance-related inquiries/complaints maintain the accuracy, completeness, and currency of collected personal information secure information against misuse, interference, loss, or unauthorized access through physical and technological safeguards destroy or permanently de-identify information when no longer needed for legal/business purposes if you identify any security vulnerabilities, please notify us immediately. we adhere to all mandatory data breach notification requirements outlined in the privacy act. complaints to lodge a complaint about our handling of personal information, please submit written details via post or email using the contact information in this policy. we will respond to formal complaints within 30 days. if unsatisfied with our resolution, you may escalate the matter to office of the australian information commissioner (oaic). for additional details about oaic, you may: visit the office of the australian information commissioner (oaic) website: www.oaic.gov.au call: 1300 363 992 (local call charges may apply) 16. definitions “adequate jurisdiction” means a jurisdiction that has been formally designated by the european commission as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data. “application” means any applications operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf. “california resident” means (1) every individual who is in the state of california for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the state of california who is outside the state for a temporary or transitory purpose. “cookie” means a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our sites). in this privacy notice, a reference to a “cookie” includes analogous technologies such as web beacons and clear gifs. “controller” means the entity that decides how and why personal data are processed. in many jurisdictions, the controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws. “data protection authority” means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws. “eea” means the european economic area (member states of the european union together with iceland, norway, and liechtenstein). “gdpr” means the general data protection regulation (eu) 2016/679. “personal data” means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual. “process”, “processing” or “processed” means anything that is done with any personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. “processor” means any person or entity that processes personal data on behalf of the controller (other than employees of the controller). “profiling” means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements. “relevant personal data” means personal data in respect of which we are the controller. “sell” means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal data by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. depending on applicable law, a business does not sell personal data when, for example: a consumer uses or directs the business to intentionally disclose personal data or uses the business to intentionally interact with a third party, subject to certain limitations; the business uses or shares an identifier for a consumer who has opted out of the sale of the consumer’s personal data for the purposes of alerting third parties that the consumer has opted out of the sale of the consumer’s personal data; the business uses or shares with a processor personal data of a consumer that is necessary to perform a business purpose. subject to certain limitations; or the business transfers to a third party personal data of a consumer as an asset that is part of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other transaction in which the third party assumes control of all or part of the business ,subject to certain limitations. “standard contractual clauses” means template transfer clauses adopted by the european commission or adopted by a data protection authority and approved by the european commission. “site” means any website operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf. annex i – details of processing processing activity and processed personal data purposes legal basis for processing provision of sites or applications: ip address website from which access occurred (referrer url) unique identifiers (uuid), open udid mobile brand, mobile model device mac address browser used (incl. type, id and configuration) and your computer’s or phone's operating system, if applicable, as well as the name of your access provider. log data, such as error tracking, load times and performance metrics to ensure we can provide a smooth connection to our sites or applications to ensure users can comfortably use our sites or applications to assess system security and stability improving our products and services the processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract with you; and/or our legitimate interest to provide secure, needs-based sites or applications. creating user account and managing user profiles: email addresses passwords, and/or phone numbers other user profiles: such as name, date of birth /age, alias, user id, country, language preferences, and communication preferences, email address, employer, avatar, account credentials or one-time passcodes, single sign-on authentication tokens, loyalty and incentive program credits / rewards, and the products or services you purchased or have otherwise used. provision of a user account, with address management, order overview organization of the email-preferences security of the account evaluation of our users the processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract with you, or where separately indicated, the processing is based on your consent. logging in via google/ facebook/apple/ amazon account: information collected from google account, facebook account, apple account, or amazon account you link to our services. the data we receive is dependent on that third party’s policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site. to provide account login services the processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract with you transaction and payment: transaction information: records of purchases and prices, consignee first and last name, shipping address and contact information, shipment tracking details, details of returns, and warranty details. payment details: such as invoice / payment records, payment amount, payment date, billing address, payment method. receiving remuneration that we are owed fulfilling of the orders/contracts concluded with you enabling you to utilize our products and services responding to any queries, issues or concerns you may have the processing is necessary for entering into or performing a contract with you. installing products, binding products to applications: information about your device and network: such as mobile brand, mobile model, operating system, ip address, browser type, device type, device name, device serial numbers, device mac address, android id, idfa, the list of installed application, and unique identifiers associated with your device or your network. product-specific information: such as device operational data, device log data and some other information you provide or obtain from third parties. the specific data collected will depend on the products you choose to install and/or use with our applications. please refer to section (3) for more details to ensure users can use our applications to connect, control and operate our products you have purchased. providing you with product-related services maintaining and protecting our services monitoring, managing and optimizing performance, providing customer support and warranty services. the processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract with you, or where separately indicated, the processing is based on your consent. engaging in events, contests, promotions, and surveys: information you provided when you sign up for an event, enter a contest or promotion activity, complete a survey or submit a testimonial to enhance user experience, improving products and services, tailoring marketing strategies, establishing effective communication with participants. the processing is based on your consent. community forum: profile name posts (including if they are edited), and anything contained therein, such as pictures, comments, or messages photographs, images, 3d design files or other files you upload public activity related to the community services, such as likes, follows, and shared content. community level providing a forum for discussion of our products support for engagement in this forum ensuring compliance with the terms of the forum the processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract with you, or where separately indicated, the processing is based on your consent. contacting us: first and last name preferred name phone number email address mailing address, and communication preferences processing of your request performance of the communication analyzing errors and improving our services depending on the reason you are contacting us: the processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract with you. our legitimate interests in processing your request and performance of the communication. support and warranty application: e-mail address order number, or screenshot of order or receipt (if any) the contents of custom messages sent through the forms, email addresses, or other contact information we make available to customers, photographs and videos submitted or recordings of calls with us (where permitted by law), and any comments, views, and opinions that you publicly post about us on social media platforms or our sites or applications. verification of the warranty claim implementation of the warranty claim documentation of the defect the processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract with you live chat with support: name e-mail address contents of the chat provision of the live chat security of the live chat feedback on and improvement of our products the processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract with you or our legitimate interest in providing a live chat. comments and opinions, if they are expressed directly to us or you publicly post about us: communications data, depending on the way of contact (see above) your comments and opinions. responding to and address your queries, issues and concerns, improving our products and services informing our marketing strategies our legitimate interests, namely communicating with current or prospective customers and others about our products and services. notification of changes, product security communications and product recalls: name e-mail address address (including region) phone number information about the communication we made to you and any following communications. informing you about changes or security communications notification of the need for a product recall and the manner in which such a recall will be conducted depending on the reason you are contacting us: the processing is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation, or the processing is necessary for performing a contract with you, or our legitimate interests in informing you about a change or security communication. newsletter: email tracking information (open and click rates) informing you about new developments concerning anker, our products, services and promotions insight into what content is of interest to you to improve our newsletter advertising our products and services the processing is based on your consent, or, where we have obtained your email address in the course of you ordering our services, based on our legitimate interest in sending you offerings to products/services similar to the ones you have purchased from us. displaying advertisements: ip address of the requesting computer or phones, date and time of access, website from which access occurred (referrer url), unique identifiers (uuid)， browser used (incl. type, id and configuration) and your computer’s operating system, if applicable, as well as the name of your access provider interests, based on the use of our services and sites/ applications and the information provided by our ad-network partners. for more information about advertising and tracking, please also see our cookie notice. informing you about new developments concerning anker, our products, services and promotions advertising our products and services insofar as the processing is aimed at tailoring our advertisements to your interests, the processing is based on your consent. otherwise, the processing is based on our legitimate interests, namely to market and advertise our products and services. analyzing trends, usage and activities: country information about your application, device and network: this includes mobile name, mobile brand, mobile model, operating system, ip address, browser type, device type, device name, device serial numbers, device mac address, wifi ssid, the list of installed application, and unique identifiers associated with your device or your network(e.g., user id, uuid, open udid, station_ip, session id, device id). information about the way individuals use our services and interact with us: this includes click records, the site from which you came, the site to which you are going when you leave our services, how frequently you access our services, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access our services from multiple devices, and other browsing behavior and actions you take on our services. analyzing trends, usage, and activities to address errors and optimize performance for a better user experience. the processing is based on your consent. to manage it, adjust the “share app analytics” and “share device analytics” settings (if available). maintaining it security (including audits): ip address of the requesting computer or phones, date and time of access, name and url of the accessed file, website from which access occurred (referrer url), unique identifiers (uuid)， browser used (incl. type, id and configuration) and your computer’s operating system, if applicable, as well as the name of your access provider behavior while using our sites, applications, products and services. log data, such as click tracking, error tracking, load times and performance metrics to ensure users can comfortably use our sites, products and services to assess system security and stability finding and eliminating security vulnerabilities monitoring and demonstrating of our safety level, also to achieve external certifications the processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract with you, and/or our legitimate interests in ensuring the safety of our sites, products and services. refer friends: if you refer a friend: name email address purchases made though link information about rewards if a friend refers you: your personal data is processed as shown above purchases are attributed to the link you were invited with increasing sales of our products and services enabling participation in our refer a friend program paying out rewards for participation in the program our legitimate interest in advertising our products through a refer a friend program. discount networks (e.g., studentbeans): authorization to use the discount personalized discount codes purchased products enabling a discount for faculty and students. improving the sale of our products to these groups our legitimate interest in advertising our products through special discount codes. video shopping guide： device type browsing history recipient information provided by users, such as name, contact number, and delivery address. session length video recording chat history processing your orders enhance our services the processing is based on your consent. testing club: name email test plan product reviews, including photos and videos. survey (if test requires so). review of applications and selection of suitable testers provision of free products for testing obtaining reviews of the products improvement of the test products promotion of the products to be tested the processing is necessary for entering or performing a contract with you or the processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in improving and promoting our products. legal: all of the above complying with regulatory obligations litigation exercise, enforcement and defense of claims the processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in compliance with regulatory obligations, and exercising, enforcing and defending of claims. subscribe now to get a gift with your first order!get an exclusive 15% off your first purchasesign upby signing up, you agree to anker's terms of use and privacy policy.send me news and special offers. i can unsubscribe at any time.contact ususa: for anker charging: 1-800-988-7973 mon - fri: 6 am - 5 pm (pt)support@anker.comwebsite live chatmon - fri: 8 am - 4 pm (pt)buy on the anker storehassle-free warranty30-day money-back guaranteefast, free shippinglifetime customer support amazon american express apple pay diners club discover google pay mastercard paypal shop pay venmo visaselect your country/regionnorth americaunited statesenglishcanadaenglisheuropeunited kingdomenglishdeutschlanddeutscheuropeenglishfrancefrançaisasia-pacificaustraliaenglishindiaenglishshopchargerspower bankswirelesscablesac powerhubs and dockscertified refurbishedbrandabout uscontact usterms of usewhere to buycommunitysustainabilitymsa statementexploreblogcorporate purchaseankercredits rewards programcontent creators programearn 10% referral casheducation discountmilitary and first responders discountbecome an affiliatesupportsmart help centercustomer reviewsverifyorder trackerwarranty informationprocess a warrantydownload e-manualanker dock manageraccessibilityconnected equipment warrantyproduct recallsunited states / englishunited states / english© fantasia trading llc 2025 200923810277shipping policyrefund policyprivacy noticeyour privacy choices terms of servicecookie noticecookies settingsmy cart (0)save to emailyour cart is ready!shop nowwe use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website and to assist with our marketing efforts. by continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies and our sharing of information about your interactions on our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners.ok, got it!