来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161119003526/http://www.varidesk.com/contact/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms and conditions | varidesk standing desks toggle navigation the height-adjustable standing desk shipping region united states australia south korea united kingdom canada new zealand south africa europe singapore/malaysia shop pro series single, flat surface perfect to spread out sizes up to 2+ monitors pro plus series two-tiered design separate keyboard tray sizes up to 2+ monitors cubicle series sized for standard cubicles corner and wing models sizes up to 2+ monitors compact series designed for laptops perfect for limited spaces sizes for 1 monitor pro desk series full desk replacement sit and stand in seconds largest surface accessories anti-fatigue mats monitor arms increase usable space view all products about about us social media news bulk orders contact contact us faq shipping policy terms and conditions download the app shop about about us social media news corporate sales contact contact us faq shipping policy terms and conditions download the app shipping region united states australia south korea united kingdom canada new zealand south africa europe singapore/malaysia +1 (800) 207-2587 contact us terms and conditions copyright and trademark noticeunless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of varidesk, llc. copyright © 2015, all rights reserved.you may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. no materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without our prior written permission.all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.payment methodsfor us customers: we accept the following credit cards: visa, mastercard, american express and discover.for australia customers: we accept the following credit cards: visa and mastercard. we also accept wire transfers and efts. call customer service for more details.for eu customers: we accept the following credit cards: visa, mastercard, maestro. we also accept wire transfers and efts. call customer service for more details.please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (i.e. the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you). incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order. your credit card will be billed upon placement of your order. money orders, cashier's checks, company checks, and personal checkswe do not accept money orders, cashier’s checks, personal checks, or company checks. all payments need to be made by credit or debit card.linksthis site may contain links to other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by third parties. you acknowledge that we're not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.order acceptance policyyour receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. varidesk reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.out-of-stock productsitems that are not available are clearly marked on our website. however, there may be times when the product you have ordered is out-of-stock which will delay fulfilling your order. we will keep you informed of any products that you have ordered that are out-of-stock and unavailable for immediate shipment. should you wish to cancel your order, please call our customer service team at (800) 207-2587. if the item has shipped, once it is rerouted back to our warehouse and we verify receipt you will be issued a full refund. this usually takes a few days.privacywe keep your personal information private and secure. when you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address, phone number, and a password. we use this information to process your orders, to keep you updated on your orders and to personalize your shopping experience.our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology.to keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions to the varidesk.com site. you may unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us.when entering any of our contests or prize drawings, you provide your name, email address and mailing address. if you win, we will send the prize to the address entered and notify you by email. when you enter a contest or drawing you are also included in our newsletter list to receive notice of promotions, specials and new additions to the sample store site. you may unsubscribe from this news list by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email received. see our privacy policy for more details. use of cookiesvaridesk.com uses cookies. cookies allow you the ability to use features like the shopping cart, and also helps to personalize your experience by remembering preferences or parts of the website you’ve visited. we also use cookies to help us measurethe effectiveness of our advertising and website, as well as helping to provide additional insight about user behavior so we can improve our advertising and communication.cookies are simple to disable. in safari, go to “preferences”, and then go to the privacy pane and choose “block cookies.” in internet explorer, go to “tools”, then “internet options.” on the privacy tab, under settings, move the slider to the top to block all cookies. in chrome, touch the chrome menu and go to “settings”. in the “advanced” section, click “site settings” or “content settings”. deselect “cookies”. in firefox, click the menu button and choose “preferences”. select the privacy panel, and under “history”, change the drop down to “firefox will: use custom settings for history”. under “accept cookies from site”, select never.please note that if you disable cookies in your browser, you may not be able to use varidesk.com to it’s fullest, and it may affect your ability to use other popular websites as well.the cookies used on our websites have been categorized based on the guidelines found in the icc uk cookie guide. we use the following categories on our website:category 1 – strictly necessary cookies: these cookies are essential to enable you to browse the website and use these features. without these cookies, your shopping cart would not work.category 2 – performance cookies: these cookies collect information about how you use our websites. this data is used to optimize our websites to enhance the user experience. these cookies do not collect any personally identifiable information like name, address, phone number or financial information. this information is collected in aggregate.category 3 – functionality cookies: these cookies remember choices you make while browsing, and give us the ability to serve relevant messages to our site visitors whether they’re on our website or on websites that we advertise on. these cookies do not collect any personally identifiable information like name, address, phone number or financial information. this information is collected in aggregate.we also use 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the google adwords tracking cookie. this means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, including on the google content network (gcn). we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing systems.the third-party vendors, including google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. third party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to the varidesk.com website. this allows us to market our products and services to those who have shown interest in our service. opt-outif you do not wish to participate in google adwords remarketing, you can opt out by visiting google.com/ads/preferencesyou can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting networkadvertising.org/choices privacy on other web sitesother sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. please consult each site's privacy policy. our store is not responsible for the actions of third parties. returnsthanks to our risk free 30-day guarantee, you may return any varidesk product for any reason within 30 days of the date of purchase. simply call us and we will issue an rma#.we’ll even cover your return shipping costs - all we ask is that you return the item to us in its original shipping box. if you do not have the original packaging, you may purchase a box from us. please call customer service for more details.for us customers: your money will be refunded in full to your credit card within 2-3 business days upon return receipt of your varidesk product..for australia customers: your money will be refunded in full to your credit card within 2-3 business days or within 5-7 days if you paid via eft/ach/wire transfer upon return receipt of your varideskproduct. for eu customers: your money will be refunded in full to your credit card within 2-3 business days or within 5-7 days if you paid via eft/ach/wire transfer upon return receipt of your varidesk product. product warrantyvaridesks come with a limited, one-year product warranty from the date of purchase through www.varidesk.com.customers who have issues with the product should initially either call us or submit a ticket with our customer service team through your online account. limited warrantywarranty returns: please be aware that any returns outside of the initial 30-day guarantee window, but before the 1-year product warranty window, require customers to pay the freight costs to send the product(s) back to our warehouse.warranty repairs: any failure from normal usage will be repaired free of charge and varidesk will return the product to you directly at our cost. a failure is a mechanical breakdown of or defect in the unit that affects the user's ability to operate the product as intended. if it is determined that the failure was caused by misuse or abuse of the product, repairs and return shipping will be at the customer’s expense. no refunds are available after the initial 30 day risk free period. item damaged in transititems damaged in transit may be returned or replaced under our risk free 30-day guarantee. we may ask for photographic or video evidence for our records. cancelled ordersshould you wish to cancel your order, please call our customer service team at (800) 207-2587. once the item is rerouted back to our warehouse and we verify receipt, you will be issued a full refund. this usually takes a few days. shipping policyvaridesk pricing includes free shipping to the continental u.s.!if you're shipping to alaska or hawaii, you will be charged the fedex or ups posted rate. for orders shipping to puerto rico, please give us a call at (800) 207-2587. we ship all orders placed on weekdays by end of the next business day. this excludes national holidays and weekends. many orders leave the day they are placed, but this is not guaranteed. any order placed on a weekend or national holiday will be shipped by the end of the next business day. ground shipping usually takes 4-5 days to deliver to most areas. shipping times are only estimates and are not guaranteed. we cannot control occasional inventory shortages, shipping carrier delays, customs delays, weather delays, and other factors that can delay your shipment. however, we will do our best to get your order out to you as soon as possible. typographical errorsin the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, varidesk, llc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. varidesk, llc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, varidesk, llc. shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. other conditionsthese conditions will supersede any terms and/or conditions you include with any purchase order, regardless of whether varidesk signs them or not.we reserve the right to make changes to this site and these conditions at any time. we do not accept outside inventor submissions.customer service housewe want you to contact us when you have issues, problems or feedback! please note our customer service is available monday through friday, except on holidays or otherwise noted. specific area hours are below:us: 8:30 a.m. cst – 5:30 p.m. cst australia: 8.00 a.m. (acst) to 5.00 p.m. (acst) eu: 9:00 (gmt) - 17:00 (gmt) tax ratein accordance with state and local law, your online purchases from varidesk will be taxed using the applicable sales tax or seller's use tax rate for your shipping address.your invoice will reflect the final total tax, which includes state and local taxes, as well as any applicable fees.tax-exempt ordersto place an order on behalf of a tax-exempt organization or individual, please call varidesk at 1-800-207-2587. you will need to provide proof of state tax-exempt status for the state where the product is being shipped. the organization or individual name on the order must exactly match the state tax-exempt certificate. federal tax exemption certificates are not applicable.gst in australiafor australia, varidesk shall automatically charge and withhold the gst for orders to be delivered to addresses in australia.vat in the eufor eu countries, all prices are inclusive of legally applicable vat. customs dutieswhen ordering products from varidesk for delivery outside of the eu you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the specified destination. any additional charges for customs clearance are your responsibility; we do not control these charges. customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information. first name last name email address shopping for myself shopping for others submit please enter a valid email please select who you're shopping for. feel free to check out our latest products shop now sign up now click to chat