来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181205231117/https://www.varidesk.com/contact/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms and conditions | varidesk standing desks satisfaction guaranteed: free shipping and free returns x english | united states select your region shipping region united states australia united kingdom canada new zealand south africa europe singapore/malaysia israel update +1 (800) 207-2587 toggle navigation shop featured products top standing desk solutions pro plus adjustable desk riser with two-tier surface pro desk electric free-standing electric desk dual monitor arms position monitors where you need them activemat encourages movement and stretching sit-stand converters sits on top of your existing desk desk risers converts your desk to a standing desk cubicle risers great for corners & narrow desks view all sit-stand converters shop all sit-stand converters desks & tables perfect for your office full desks full desk replacement tables for meetings or casual spaces classroom desks for students k-12 seating & storage options for sitting and storage chairs active seating cabinets simple storage classroom stools for students k-12 walls & panels defining spaces and providing privacy walls for spaces that adapt to your business panels & dividers providing some privacy markerboards dual-sided dry erase boards accessories mats, monitor arms and more standing mats added comfort and activity monitor arms improve monitor placement lighting & power adjustable lighting and power view all accessories shop all standing desk solutions view all products shop all standing desk solutions shop featured products top standing desk solutions pro plus adjustable desk riser with two-tier surface pro desk 60 electric free-standing electric desk dual monitor arms position monitors where you need them activemat encourages movement and stretching sit-stand converters sits on top of your existing desk desk risers converts your desk to a standing desk cubicle risers great for corners & narrow desks view all sit-stand converters shop all sit-stand converters desks & tables perfect for your office full desks full desk replacement tables for meetings or casual spaces classroom desks for students k-12 seating & storage options for sitting and storage chairs active seating cabinets simple storage classroom stools for students k-12 walls & panels defining spaces and providing privacy walls for spaces that adapt to your business panels & dividers providing some privacy markerboards dual-sided dry erase boards accessories mats, monitor arms and more standing mats added comfort and activity monitor arms improve monitor placement lighting & power adjustable lighting and power view all accessories shop all standing desk solutions view all products shop all standing desk solutions learn our solution learn more about our active workspace solutions our company learn more about varidesk ® resources helpful tips for the decision making process faqs answers to frequently asked questions case studies see varidesk® success stories careers find open positions at varidesk® learn our solution learn more about our active workspace solutions our company learn more about varidesk ® resources helpful tips for the decision making process faqs answers to frequently asked questions case studies see varidesk® success stories careers find open positions at varidesk® bulk discounts bulk orders apply for bulk order savings full office solutions for corporate office spaces showroom tour see our active office for yourself bulk discounts bulk orders apply for bulk order savings full office solutions for corporate office spaces showroom tour see our active office for yourself industry solutions full office solutions for corporate office spaces higher education solutions for colleges and universities k-12 education solutions for k-12 students federal government solutions for government workspaces industry solutions full office solutions for corporate office spaces higher education solutions for colleges and universities k-12 education solutions for k-12 students federal government solutions for government workspaces contact search terms and conditions t & c quicklinkscopyright and trademark policypayment methodsprivacy policyshipping policycustomer service hourstax informationtypographical errorsother conditionsstill need help?contact us. wow, you must be really into varidesk to take the time to read our entire terms and conditions page. since you’re already here, make sure and sign up for our emails to get the latest info on new products. copyright and trademark policyunless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of varidesk, llc. copyright © 2016, all rights reserved.you may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. no materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without our prior written permission. all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties. payment methodsback to top for us customers: we accept the following credit cards: visa, mastercard, american express and discover. we also accept paypal.for australia customers: we accept the following credit cards: visa and mastercard. we also accept wire transfers and efts. call customer service for more details.for eu customers: we accept the following credit cards: visa, mastercard, and maestro. we also accept wire transfers and efts. call customer service for more details.please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (i.e. the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you). incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order. your credit card will be billed upon placement of your order. money orders, cashier's checks, company checks, and personal checkswe do not accept money orders, cashier’s checks, personal checks, or company checks. all payments need to be made by credit or debit card.linksthis site may contain links to other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by third parties. you acknowledge that we're not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.order acceptance policyyour receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. varidesk reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.out-of-stock productsitems that are not available are clearly marked on our website. however, there may be times when the product you have ordered is out-of-stock which will delay fulfilling your order. we will keep you informed of any products that you have ordered that are out-of-stock and unavailable for immediate shipment. should you wish to cancel your order, please call our customer service team at (800) 207-2587. if the item has shipped, once it is rerouted back to our warehouse and we verify receipt you will be issued a full refund. this usually takes a few days.privacy policyback to top we keep your personal information private and secure. when you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address, phone number, and a password. we use this information to process your orders, to keep you updated on your orders and to personalize your shopping experience.our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology.to keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions to the varidesk.com site. you may unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us.when entering any of our contests or prize drawings, you provide your name, email address and mailing address. if you win, we will send the prize to the address entered and notify you by email. when you enter a contest or drawing you are also included in our newsletter list to receive notice of promotions, specials and new additions to the sample store site. you may unsubscribe from this news list by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email received. see our privacy policy for more details.use of cookiesvaridesk.com uses cookies. cookies allow you the ability to use features like the shopping cart, and also helps to personalize your experience by remembering preferences or parts of the website you’ve visited. we also use cookies to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and website, as well as helping to provide additional insight about user behavior so we can improve our advertising and communication.cookies are simple to disable. in safari, go to “preferences”, and then go to the privacy pane and choose “block cookies.” in internet explorer, go to “tools”, then “internet options.” on the privacy tab, under settings, move the slider to the top to block all cookies. in chrome, touch the chrome menu and go to “settings”. in the “advanced” section, click “site settings” or “content settings”. deselect “cookies”. in firefox, click the menu button and choose “preferences”. select the privacy panel, and under “history”, change the drop down to “firefox will: use custom settings for history”. under “accept cookies from site”, select never.please note that if you disable cookies in your browser, you may not be able to use varidesk.com to it’s fullest, and it may affect your ability to use other popular websites as well.the cookies used on our websites have been categorized based on the guidelines found in the icc uk cookie guide. we use the following categories on our website:category 1 – strictly necessary cookies:these cookies are essential to enable you to browse the website and use these features. without these cookies, your shopping cart would not work.category 2 – performance cookies:these cookies collect information about how you use our websites. this data is used to optimize our websites to enhance the user experience. these cookies do not collect any personally identifiable information like name, address, phone number or financial information. this information is collected in aggregate.category 3 – functionality cookies:these cookies remember choices you make while browsing, and give us the ability to serve relevant messages to our site visitors whether they’re on our website or on websites that we advertise on. these cookies do not collect any personally identifiable information like name, address, phone number or financial information. this information is collected in aggregate.we also use 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the google adwords tracking cookie. this means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, including on the google content network (gcn). we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing systems.the third-party vendors, including google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. third party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to the varidesk.com website. this allows us to market our products and services to those who have shown interest in our service.opt-outif you do not wish to participate in google adwords remarketing, you can opt out by visiting google.com/ads/preferences you can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting networkadvertising.org/choicesprivacy on other web sitesother sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. please consult each site's privacy policy. our store is not responsible for the actions of third parties.shipping policyback to top varidesk pricing includes free shipping to the lower 48!if you're shipping to alaska or hawaii, you will be charged the fedex or ups posted rate. for orders shipping to puerto rico, please give us a call at (800) 207-2587.we ship all orders placed on weekdays by end of the next business day. this excludes national holidays and weekends. many orders leave the day they are placed, but this is not guaranteed. any order placed on a weekend or national holiday will be shipped by the end of the next business day.ground shipping usually takes 4-5 days to deliver to most areas.shipping times are only estimates and are not guaranteed. we cannot control occasional inventory shortages, shipping carrier delays, customs delays, weather delays, and other factors that can delay your shipment. however, we will do our best to get your order out to you as soon as possible.customer service hoursback to top we want you to contact us when you have issues, problems or feedback! please note our customer service is available monday through friday, except on holidays or otherwise noted. specific area hours are below:united states: 7 a.m. – 7 p.m. (cst)canada: 7 a.m. – 7 p.m. (cst)australia: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. (act)united kingdom: 7 a.m. – 4 p.m. (gmt)europe: 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. (cet)tax informationback to top taxes in the usvaridesk will automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within applicable states. for orders shipped to other states, you are solely responsible for all sales taxes or other taxes.if you’re looking to place an order on behalf of a tax-exempt organization or individual, we’d love to help! the best way to place a tax-exempt order is to contact varidesk customer support at (800) 207-2587 from monday – friday, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. cst. to provide your proof of tax-exempt status, we’ll need the tax-exempt certificate from the state we are shipping to. please keep the following in mind when sending us your proof of exemption: the organization or individual name on the order must match the state tax-exempt certificate exactlydocumentation for federal entities is not required you can fax your tax-exempt certificate to (972) 692-7839 or by emailing it to [email protected].gst in australiafor australia, varidesk shall automatically charge and withhold the gst for orders to be delivered to addresses in australia.vat in the eufor eu countries, all prices are inclusive of legally applicable vat.customs dutieswhen ordering products from varidesk for delivery outside of the eu you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the specified destination. any additional charges for customs clearance are your responsibility; we do not control these charges. customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information.typographical errorsback to top in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, varidesk, llc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. varidesk, llc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, varidesk, llc. shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.other conditionsback to top these conditions will supersede any terms and/or conditions you include with any purchase order, regardless of whether varidesk signs them or not.we reserve the right to make changes to this site and these conditions at any time. still need help?contact us. region united states | english change region shipping region united states australia united kingdom canada new zealand south africa europe singapore/malaysia israel update about our solutionour companycareersfull office solutions productssit-stand convertersdesks & tablesseating & storageaccessoriesview all products call 1 (800) 207-2587 get our product updates learn morecontact uscorporate salesshipping policyfaqsresource center fine printwarrantyvaridesk patents and trademarksterms & conditionsprivacy and cookie policy find us on social media click to chat