来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181205231117/https://www.varidesk.com/company/standing-desk-faq
================================================================================

standing desk faq | varidesk stand up desks satisfaction guaranteed: free shipping and free returns x english | united states select your region shipping region united states australia united kingdom canada new zealand south africa europe singapore/malaysia israel update +1 (800) 207-2587 toggle navigation shop featured products top standing desk solutions pro plus adjustable desk riser with two-tier surface pro desk electric free-standing electric desk dual monitor arms position monitors where you need them activemat encourages movement and stretching sit-stand converters sits on top of your existing desk desk risers converts your desk to a standing desk cubicle risers great for corners & narrow desks view all sit-stand converters shop all sit-stand converters desks & tables perfect for your office full desks full desk replacement tables for meetings or casual spaces classroom desks for students k-12 seating & storage options for sitting and storage chairs active seating cabinets simple storage classroom stools for students k-12 walls & panels defining spaces and providing privacy walls for spaces that adapt to your business panels & dividers providing some privacy markerboards dual-sided dry erase boards accessories mats, monitor arms and more standing mats added comfort and activity monitor arms improve monitor placement lighting & power adjustable lighting and power view all accessories shop all standing desk solutions view all products shop all standing desk solutions shop featured products top standing desk solutions pro plus adjustable desk riser with two-tier surface pro desk 60 electric free-standing electric desk dual monitor arms position monitors where you need them activemat encourages movement and stretching sit-stand converters sits on top of your existing desk desk risers converts your desk to a standing desk cubicle risers great for corners & narrow desks view all sit-stand converters shop all sit-stand converters desks & tables perfect for your office full desks full desk replacement tables for meetings or casual spaces classroom desks for students k-12 seating & storage options for sitting and storage chairs active seating cabinets simple storage classroom stools for students k-12 walls & panels defining spaces and providing privacy walls for spaces that adapt to your business panels & dividers providing some privacy markerboards dual-sided dry erase boards accessories mats, monitor arms and more standing mats added comfort and activity monitor arms improve monitor placement lighting & power adjustable lighting and power view all accessories shop all standing desk solutions view all products shop all standing desk solutions learn our solution learn more about our active workspace solutions our company learn more about varidesk ® resources helpful tips for the decision making process faqs answers to frequently asked questions case studies see varidesk® success stories careers find open positions at varidesk® learn our solution learn more about our active workspace solutions our company learn more about varidesk ® resources helpful tips for the decision making process faqs answers to frequently asked questions case studies see varidesk® success stories careers find open positions at varidesk® bulk discounts bulk orders apply for bulk order savings full office solutions for corporate office spaces showroom tour see our active office for yourself bulk discounts bulk orders apply for bulk order savings full office solutions for corporate office spaces showroom tour see our active office for yourself industry solutions full office solutions for corporate office spaces higher education solutions for colleges and universities k-12 education solutions for k-12 students federal government solutions for government workspaces industry solutions full office solutions for corporate office spaces higher education solutions for colleges and universities k-12 education solutions for k-12 students federal government solutions for government workspaces contact search frequently asked questions faq quicklinkstop 5 questionsmeasuringinstallationcleaningtax exempt orderssit– stand convertersfull desk unitselectric unitsaccessoriesstill need help?contact us if you don't find the answer you're looking for here, please send us your question - we love a good challenge. top 5 questionswhy should i choose varidesk over other options?there are three main reasons customers choose varidesk: quality – we choose first-in-class materials like heavy-duty steel and aluminum, 3d laminate, and greenguard gold-certified mdf, all tested against the strictest industry standards. usability – most of our varidesk products arrive ready to use without any assembly – simply remove them from the box and enjoy your active office. if a product does require light assembly, we include any tools you might need in the box, so nothing slows you down. convenience – varidesk is easy to order, ships quickly, and we offer a 30-day better workday guarantee on every varidesk product. if you don’t love it for any reason, just give us a call within those first 30 days. we’ll come pick it up for a full refund – and shipping’s free for the lower 48 states, too! is varidesk easy to set up?that's actually one of the stand-out features we're so proud of. varidesk was designed to be as simple as possible to set up. our desktop models fully assembled and ready-to-use right out of the box. some of our other products require only minimal assembly so you’re up and working in just minutes. we do recommend that you have someone help you lift your varidesk onto the desktop. once it's on your desk, just place your equipment on top and you're ready to work. how much weight can my varidesk hold?please see the technical specifications section of the specific varidesk you're interested in for exact weight limits. to give you a general idea, most average size models have a recommended weight limit of 35 lbs or 15.8 kg. our larger models usually have a weight limit of 45 lbs or 20.4 kg. our pro desk line can hold even more. does the varidesk work for people who are taller than 6'2" or shorter than 5'3"?there are varidesk models to suit almost anyone, at any height. our exec series offers a manual standing-desk converter that has an extra 5.5” (14 cm) of height built in for a total of 19 ¼” (49 cm) with 11 different height-adjustment settings for taller users. our proplus 36 electric desktop converter is adjustable to any height up to 18.75” (47.6 cm). as long as your current desk sits at your personal height, a varidesk on top will turn it into a sit-stand desk that fits you. will it be hard to raise my varidesk with all my equipment on top?no – our manual sit-stand solutions include a spring-assisted lift mechanism that manages weight and allows you to easily lift and lower it in just a few seconds. our electric models have a powerful but quiet motor for smooth raising and lowering. as long as you”re within the weight capacity of your model, your varidesk should work without a hitch. measuringback to top what's the minimum measurement that will fit a varidesk?please see the find my fit page and look at the specific varidesk you're interested in for exact measurements. most standard desks have plenty of room for a varidesk because our products come in several sizes to work with almost any workspace. all varidesk models have their width in inches in the name of the product, and you can find the full measurements and footprint in the technical specifications on each product’s webpage. installationback to top do i have to fasten or permanently install a varidesk onto my desk?no, all of our desktop models work by placing them on top of your existing desk with no need for tools or hardware of any kind. it's cleverly designed to handle the weight of your equipment while staying safe and sturdy at any height. the heavy-weighted steel base keeps your varidesk where it belongs so it doesn't tip over. it also has padded feet so you can move your varidesk any time you want without causing scratches or damages. are varidesk products easy to store and move?extremely. most varidesk products fold flat for simple storage and can easily be moved with the help of a coworker. you can even move the compact series by yourself. can my varidesk handle more than one monitor?absolutely, as long as you choose the right size. many of our models are designed to fit two 24” monitors. for any setups larger than that, we would suggest a 48" or 60” model. you should also consider one of our single or dual monitor arms to keep your screens where you want them while freeing up desk space. the pro 30™, pro plus™ 30, and laptop 30™ can only accommodate single-monitor setups. please see the find my fit page to find the perfect varidesk for your setup. are there any surfaces i should avoid placing my varidesk on?we recommend avoiding placing it any glass surfaces, as the thickness and weight capacity of glass tops can vary. otherwise, as long as you aren’t exceeding the weight limit, you should be good. cleaningback to top what's the best way to clean my varidesk?it's easy. just use a warm, damp cloth to clean the surface of your varidesk, and make sure it's dry before replacing any electronic equipment. please do not use any chemicals or harsh abrasives as they may damage the finish. how durable are varidesk products?made from steel and other highly durable materials, all of our products are built to handle the daily rigors of your job for years to come. tax exempt ordersback to top how do i specify my order as tax exempt?/how do i setup a tax exempt account with varidesk?to place an order on behalf of a tax-exempt organization or individual, please call varidesk customer support at 1 (800) 207-2587. you will need to provide proof of state tax-exempt status for the state where the product is being shipped. the organization or individual name on the order must exactly match the state tax-exempt certificate. federal tax exemption certificates are not applicable. sit–stand convertersback to top questions specific to the sit–stand converters – pro series, pro plus™ series, cube plus™ series, cube corner® series, exec series and compact seriesis there any assembly and how difficult is it to set up?all of these models come completely assembled in the box, and there's no set up necessary. simply have a friend help you place it on top of your current desk, and you're done. are there any weight limits?the average weight limit per varidesk is 35 lbs (15.8 kg), depending on size. the sit–stand converters vary in weight capacity from 10 lbs (4.5 kg) to 50 lbs (22.7 kg). view each model's individual specifications for an exact weight limit. what are the minimum measurements for my current desk to fit a varidesk?to find the exact measurements, you'll want to look at the technical specifications of the varidesk model you're interested in. also, if your desk is under a shelf or hutch, you'll also want to measure for height to make sure your monitors will still fit on a fully extended varidesk. if you're having trouble deciding which varidesk model will fit your space best, please see the find my fit page. is the keyboard deck adjustable?on models with a lower keyboard deck, like our pro plus series, it is not adjustable and simply moves up and down with the varidesk. however, some varidesk models with a lower keyboard tray do have the ability to extend the tray. check the technical specifications for each model to be sure. full desk unitsback to top questions specific to the full desk units – pro desk™ seriesis there any assembly and how difficult is it to set up?yes, there is a small amount of assembly, but it's easy and there are no tools required. simply attach the legs, have a friend help you flip the desk over, and you're done. are there any weight limits?the pro desk™ 60 has a weight limit of 50 lbs (22.6 kg), while the pro desk™ 48 has a weight limit of 45 lbs (20.4 kg). what are the minimum measurements for my current desk to fit a varidesk?to find the exact measurements, you'll want to look at the technical specifications of the varidesk model you're interested in. also, if your desk is under a shelf or hutch, you'll also want to measure for height to make sure your monitors will still fit on a fully extended varidesk. if you're having trouble deciding which varidesk model will fit your space best, please see the find my fit page. is it hard to raise and lower a pro desk? what about with all my equipment on top?our manual pro desk models feature both an air-piston and spring-assisted life mechanism that makes it easy to raise and lower. watch this video to see how every varidesk is super easy to move up and down and stays steady and stable even at its maximum height. can the pro desk series units hold more than one monitor?easily. the pro desk models have the largest workspaces and the highest weight limits among our models. electric unitsback to top questions specific to the electric units – pro desk™ electric series and pro plus™ electric serieswhat's the difference between a manual and electric height-adjustable desk?just a few differences. the electric model has a continuous motion up to 18.75” (47.6 cm), where our manual models have several pre-fitted height settings. our electric model also raises straight up, where our manual version has a rowing, up-and-out lift that puts less stress on the backs of users when they lift it. are electric desks loud?our electric desk has a powerful but quiet motor that makes it easy to go to from sitting to standing. using a varidesk electric sit-stand converter in your office is fairly quiet and shouldn’t be a distraction to anyone. are electric desks hard to put together?our electric sit-stand solutions require no assembly. you just need to plug it in and you’re ready to work sitting or standing. are electric desks sturdy?our electric desktop risers have a heavy weighted base like manual models, so not only do they raise smoothly, they stay stable and steady at any height. accessoriesback to top questions specific to monitor armsis there any assembly required and how difficult is it to set up?yes, there is a small amount of assembly, but it's easy and all the required tools are included. watch this video to see how it's done: https://vimeo.com/album/4428660/video/204915368 questions specific to varichair®is there any assembly required?the varichair® comes fully assembled in the box. just pop it out and you're ready to sit, stand and lean in style. questions specific to mats how durable are the mats?all varidesk mat models are extremely durable, as they're built around a high-density core and meant to be walked, stretched and stood upon while you work. questions specific to cabinetsis there any assembly required?all varidesk cabinets come fully assembled in the box. just pop it out and you can wheel it around, use it for storage and lock it in place. ×the varidesk buyer's guide still need help?contact us. region united states | english change region shipping region united states australia united kingdom canada new zealand south africa europe singapore/malaysia israel update about our solutionour companycareersfull office solutions productssit-stand convertersdesks & tablesseating & storageaccessoriesview all products call 1 (800) 207-2587 get our product updates learn morecontact uscorporate salesshipping policyfaqsresource center fine printwarrantyvaridesk patents and trademarksterms & conditionsprivacy and cookie policy find us on social media click to chat