来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20200118202104/https://www.varidesk.com/standing-desk-support
================================================================================

contact us | vari® skip to main content skip to footer content varidesk is now vari. learn more free shipping & free returns my account icon created with sketch. my account log in/create account my list united states select shipping region united states select language english australia select language english canada select language english europe select language english united kingdom select language english israel new zealand singapore/malaysia south africa +1 (800) 207-2587 products chev right icon created with sketch. varidesk converters for desktops for small spaces shop all varidesk converters desks & tables standing desks tables classroom desks shop all desks & tables seating office seating group seating storage seating soft seating shop all seating storage file cabinets storage seating lockers shop all storage walls & privacy walls privacy panels shop all walls & privacy accessories monitor arms standing mats marker boards power & lighting shop all accessories shop all products shop by spaces private offices private, personal spaces for hr teams, managers, and executives. work from home spaces everything you need to make working from home comfortable and productive. healthy workspaces quickly and easily design your workspace to meet health and safety guidelines. your guide to the right standing-desk solution find the vari standing-desk solution that's right for you. learn more solutions chev right icon created with sketch. office furniture solutions flexible contract-grade office furniture designed for growing business. corporate programs get all the perks and benefits of partnering with vari. varispace fully-furnished workspaces with first-class amenities and flexible space solutions. spaces flexibility to help you create spaces that inspire collaboration, creativity, or quiet. chev left icon created with sketch. work from home chev left icon created with sketch. healthy workspaces chev left icon created with sketch. private offices chev left icon created with sketch. retrofit spaces chev left icon created with sketch. common spaces industries we have solutions that work for businesses, classrooms, and government offices. chev left icon created with sketch. federal government chev left icon created with sketch. state & local government chev left icon created with sketch. k-12 education chev left icon created with sketch. view all industries case studies see how we've helped our partners solve their workspace challenges with flexible solutions. view case studies resources chev right icon created with sketch. find your fit find the vari standing-desk solution that's right for you. chev left icon created with sketch. guide chev left icon created with sketch. quiz faq all of your vari questions, answered. lookbook flip through our lookbook and get inspired for how to shape your space. resource center a one-stop resource for active articles, case studies, videos, and more. chev left icon created with sketch. articles chev left icon created with sketch. videos chev left icon created with sketch. case studies product certifications we’re proud to offer quality products that meet the highest industry standards. space planning start your project with a free space planning and design consultation. lastest articles top standing desk mistakes to avoid everything you need to know about creating healthy standing habits. 10 simple exercise tips for the office simple ways to add movement to every day and easy tips for happy, healthy, more productive work. working from home tips do you work from home? here are six simple tips to creating a productive work environment at home. about chev right icon created with sketch. our company flexible furniture solutions to create workspaces that elevate people. the vari difference we offer an end-to-end solution that can take projects to completion in as few as 28 days. corporate programs get all the perks and benefits of partnering with vari. contact vari questions? we're here to help. reviews real fan reviews of our standing desks, seating, storage, and other office furniture. showrooms visit one of our showrooms and get inspired for your next project. varidesk® is now vari® we’re much more than desks–we’re a complete office furniture solution. now our name reflects that. learn more 6b67ac58-4ccf-4c4d-bffb-1d5e104865bf created with sketchtool. search icon created with sketch. products chev right icon created with sketch. chev left icon created with sketch. products varidesk converters chev right icon created with sketch. chev left icon created with sketch. varidesk converters for desktops for small spaces shop all varidesk converters desks & tables chev right icon created with sketch. chev left icon created with sketch. desks & tables standing desks tables classroom desks shop all desks & tables seating chev right icon created with sketch. chev left icon created with sketch. seating office seating group seating storage seating soft seating shop all seating storage chev right icon created with sketch. chev left icon created with sketch. storage file cabinets storage seating lockers shop all storage walls & privacy chev right icon created with sketch. chev left icon created with sketch. walls & privacy walls privacy panels shop all walls & privacy accessories chev right icon created with sketch. chev left icon created with sketch. accessories monitor arms standing mats marker boards power & lighting shop all accessories shop all products shop by spaces private offices private, personal spaces for hr teams, managers, and executives. work from home spaces everything you need to make working from home comfortable and productive. healthy workspaces quickly and easily design your workspace to meet health and safety guidelines. your guide to the right standing-desk solution find the vari standing-desk solution that's right for you. learn more solutions chev right icon created with sketch. chev left icon created with sketch. solutions office furniture solutions corporate programs varispace spaces chev right icon created with sketch. flexibility to help you create spaces that inspire collaboration, creativity, or quiet. chev left icon created with sketch. spaces chev left icon created with sketch. work from home chev left icon created with sketch. healthy workspaces chev left icon created with sketch. private offices chev left icon created with sketch. retrofit spaces chev left icon created with sketch. common spaces industries chev right icon created with sketch. we have solutions that work for businesses, classrooms, and government offices. chev left icon created with sketch. industries chev left icon created with sketch. federal government chev left icon created with sketch. state & local government chev left icon created with sketch. k-12 education chev left icon created with sketch. view all industries case studies see how we've helped our partners solve their workspace challenges with flexible solutions. view case studies resources chev right icon created with sketch. chev left icon created with sketch. resources find your fit chev right icon created with sketch. find the vari standing-desk solution that's right for you. chev left icon created with sketch. find your fit chev left icon created with sketch. guide chev left icon created with sketch. quiz faq lookbook resource center chev right icon created with sketch. a one-stop resource for active articles, case studies, videos, and more. chev left icon created with sketch. resource center chev left icon created with sketch. articles chev left icon created with sketch. videos chev left icon created with sketch. case studies product certifications space planning lastest articles top standing desk mistakes to avoid everything you need to know about creating healthy standing habits. 10 simple exercise tips for the office simple ways to add movement to every day and easy tips for happy, healthy, more productive work. working from home tips do you work from home? here are six simple tips to creating a productive work environment at home. about chev right icon created with sketch. chev left icon created with sketch. about our company the vari difference corporate programs contact vari reviews showrooms varidesk® is now vari® we’re much more than desks–we’re a complete office furniture solution. now our name reflects that. learn more my account icon created with sketch. my account log in/create account my list united states | english select shipping region united states select language english australia select language english canada select language english europe select language english united kingdom select language english israel new zealand singapore/malaysia south africa need help icon created with sketch. need help? call 1(800)207-2587 or contact us search icon created with sketch. 6b67ac58-4ccf-4c4d-bffb-1d5e104865bf created with sketchtool. 6b67ac58-4ccf-4c4d-bffb-1d5e104865bf created with sketchtool. search icon created with sketch. remove item? × are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart? cancel yes our customer experience team is working hard to serve your needs, and we’re experiencing higher than normal call volume, so it may take us longer than usual to answer your call or to respond to your inquiry. thank you for your patience and understanding during this challenging time. contact us we pride ourselves on world-class customer service. you can get in touch with us below in whatever way works best for you. we're here to help. contact information contact information corporate sales international contact us form contact information home contact us message us message us with your question or concern and we'll get back to you in about 1 business day. message us now call us call now to chat with one of our customer experience team members (m-f 7am-7pm cst). (800) 207-2587 chat with us chat instantly with a customer experience team member on our instant messaging platform. chat now news inquiries have questions about vari events, launches, or other pr and news queries? get in touch here. mediainquiries@vari.com showrooms meet us in person at any of our showroom locations. visit our showrooms vari® world headquarters 1221 belt line rd #500, coppell, tx 75019 usamapphone: (800) 207-2587m-f 7am - 7pm (cst) corporate sales corporate sales solutions for any office space. chev left icon created with sketch. previous complete office solutions since we manufacture, sell, and install our collection of office furniture, we offer an end-to-end solution that can take projects from concept to completion in as little as 28 days. get in touch free space planning our design experts are standing by to provide you with a free space plan that demonstrates how your furniture can help you overcome your business challenges. get in touch corporate programs find out more about our corporate programs and bulk pricing options for your next project. get in touch to take the next step with a corporate partnership. get in touch chev right icon created with sketch. next international international contacts clients all over the world work with vari to create adaptable workspaces that are happier, healthier, and more productive. canada 1(877) 370-8337 monday - friday7:30am - 5:00pm (mst) australia 1800 827 433 monday - friday8:00am - 5:00pm (aest) united kingdom 020 3808 5398 monday - friday7:00am - 4:00pm (gmt) europe +31 (858) 887-792 monday - friday8:00am - 5:00pm (cet) contact us form customer experience get answers to all your product and order questions. track your order shipping policy returns warranty faqs contact us fill out the form below and a customer experience representative will reach out to you shortly. sign up for our newsletter and get the latest product updates sign up products varidesk converters desks and tables seating storage accessories view all about our company the vari difference corporate programs industries showrooms careers support shipping policy warranty returns recall notices my account faqs contact us resources resource center buyer's guide reviews space planning varispace view my list need help? call +1 (800) 207-2587 or contact us connect with us facebook instagram twitter linkedin pinterest youtube ©2020 varidesk, llc. all rights reserved. patents & trademarks| terms & conditions| privacy & cookie policy back to top created with sketch. chat created with sketch. ×