来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221222151839/https://discountelectronics.com/privacy
================================================================================

privacysame day shipping on all orders placed by 3:30 pm central timeone year warranty all pcs and laptopsmenu0sign inor registerelectronics recyclinglaptopscomputersmonitorspartsnewsschools / large orderslocationslocationscontact usinternet orders - (512) 637-5226business & education sales - (512) 228-6060retail store locations - (512) 459-0026categorieslaptopscomputersused monitorsused tabletspawn shopnew arrivalsapple productsnetworking equipmentaccessoriesdocking stations speakerskeyboards & micewebcamspower banksheadphonescablesnetwork cablesauxiliary audio cablesvideo cablesprinter cablesusb cablesbags sleeves backpacksnetworking accessoriesparts for pcs & laptopsvideo cardslaptop ac adapterstoshiba laptop chargersdell laptop chargerslenovo laptop chargershp laptop chargersmotherboardsoptical drivescpus / processorshard drivesmemorylaptop memorydesktop memorypower supplieshp power suppliesdell power supplieslaptop batteriespageslaptopscomputersmonitorspartsnewsschools / large orderslocationsaccountsign inorregistersame day shipping on all orders placed by 3:30 pm central timeone year warranty all pcs and laptopsnewpay in 3 easy payments with buy now/pay later | learn morehomeprivacydiscountelectronics.com privacy policy this privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'personally identifiable information' (pii) is being used online. pii, as used in us privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with our website. this privacy statement applies to discountelectronics.com only, it does not apply to the websites of our business partners or to any other third parties, even if their websites are linked to our website. we recommend you review the privacy statements of the other parties with which you interact. what personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website? when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience. in order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with discount electronics, information collected through one source may be combined with information discount electronics obtains through other sources. we may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other parties, including our business partners and other third parties. when do we collect information? we collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site. how do we use your information? we may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: • to personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. • to improve our website in order to better serve you. • to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. • to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. • to quickly process your transactions. • to send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services. how do we protect visitor information? our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. we use regular malware scanning. your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. in addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology. we implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. for your convenience we may store your credit card information kept for more than 60 days in order to expedite future orders, and to automate the billing process. do we use 'cookies'? yes. cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we use cookies to: • help remember and process the items in the shopping cart. • understand and save user's preferences for future visits. • keep track of advertisements. • compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf. you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser (like internet explorer) settings. each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. if users disable cookies in their browser: if you disable cookies off, it will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.  however, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service. third party disclosure we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. this does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. third party links occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. these third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. google analytics we use google analytics on our website. google analytics is a web analysis service provided by google. google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of discountelectronics.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other google services. google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. personal data collected: cookie and usage data. place of processing: usa. you can access google's privacy policy here. california online privacy protection act caloppa is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. the law's reach stretches well beyond california to require a person or company in the united states (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from california consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - see more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0fdrbt51.dpuf according to caloppa we agree to the following: users can visit our site anonymously. once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website. our privacy policy link includes the word 'privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above. users will be notified of any privacy policy changes: • on our privacy policy page users are able to change their personal information: • by emailing us • by calling us how does our site handle do not track signals? in addition to the ability to control cookies, some web browsers may also give you the ability to enable a “do not track” setting. this setting sends a special signal to the websites you encounter while web browsing. this “do not track” signal is different from disabling certain forms of tracking by declining cookies in your browser settings, as browsers with the “do not track” setting enabled still have the ability to accept cookies. discountelectronics.com does not respond to web browser “do not track” signals at this time. if we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this privacy statement. for more information about “do not track,” visit www.allaboutdnt.org. does our site allow third party behavioral tracking? it's also important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking. coppa (children online privacy protection act) when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the children's online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control. the federal trade commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the coppa rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. we do not specifically market to children under 13. fair information practices the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. understanding the fair information practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information. in order to be in line with fair information practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: we will notify the users via email • within 7 business days we also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. this principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors. can spam act the can-spam act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. we collect your email address in order to: • send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. • process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders • we may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service. • market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred to be in accordance with canspam we agree to the following: • not use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses • identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way • include the physical address of our business or site headquarters • monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used. • honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly • allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can: • follow the instructions at the bottom of each email. • email us at internet@discountelectronics.com and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence. mobile message service terms and conditions the discount electronics mobile message service (the "service") is operated by discount electronics (“ discount electronics ”, “we”, or “us”). your use of the service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“mobile terms”). we may modify or cancel the service or any of its features without notice. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these mobile terms at any time and your continued use of the service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes. by consenting to discount electronics’ sms/text messaging service, you agree to receive recurring sms/text messages from and on behalf of discount electronics through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal do not call list. text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or other technology. service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). promotional messages may include promotions, specials, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders). you understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with discount electronics. your participation in this program is completely voluntary. we do not charge for the service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. message frequency varies. message and data rates may apply. check your mobile plan and contact your wireless provider for details. you are solely responsible for all charges related to sms/text messages, including charges from your wireless provider. you may opt-out of the service at any time. text the single keyword command stop to +1 (877) 560-1104. you'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. no further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. if you have subscribed to other discount electronics mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms. for service support or assistance, text help to +1 (877) 560-1104 or email cs@discountelectronics.com. we may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the service at any time and will notify you of these changes. you acknowledge that any messages, including any stop or help requests, you send to a short code or telephone number we have changed may not be received and we will not be responsible for honoring requests made in such messages. the wireless carriers supported by the service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. you agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. if you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number. to the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or service. last updated: 12/21/2021 contacting us if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. discount electronics 1011 w anderson ln. austin, texas 78757 united states internet@discountelectronics.com 512-637-5226get our hottest deals by email each dayemail address follow us © 2021 discount electronics | warranty & returns | privacy policy designed & developed by obundle