来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241227062112/https://discountelectronics.com/privacy
================================================================================

discount electronics privacy policy 🛍️ **join our community and be the first to know about new arrivals and exclusive offers directly in your inbox!** 👉 🛍️ **exclusive offers directly in your inbox!*** 👉 [sign up] locations contact us 512-459-0026 chat with us toggle menu compare close × account sign in or register close × electronics recycling search search electronics recycling laptops new laptop arrivals touchscreen and 2-in-1 laptops used toughbook rugged laptops ultrabooks business laptops gaming laptops high end laptops laptops by brand refurbished dell laptops refurbished hp laptops apple laptops refurbished lenovo laptops refurbished microsoft surface laptops by cpu dual core laptops core i3 laptops core i5 laptops core i7 laptops laptops by os windows 10 laptops windows 11 laptops windows 7 laptops laptops by price cheap laptops under $300 laptops under $500 laptops under $700 laptops under $900 laptops $900 and up laptop by screen size small laptops 13 inch laptops 14 inch laptops 15 inch laptops 17 inch laptops scratch and dent specials macbooks chromebooks spanish laptops refurbished laptops computers windows 11 desktop computers refurbished computers micro and mini computers gaming computers computers by brand alienware dell computers used lenovo computers used hp computers computers by os windows 10 computers windows 11 computers windows 7 computers no operating system pcs computers by processor core i3 computers dual core computers xeon workstations core i5 computers core i7 pcs all in one desktop computers core i7 computers workstations and servers computer packages monitors 17 inch monitors dual monitors scratch and dent monitors square computer monitors 19 inch monitors 20 inch lcd monitors 22 inch computer monitors 23 inch monitors 24 inch lcd led monitors 25 inch and up monitors hdmi monitors used dell monitors vertical monitors used monitors apple products parts laptop power supplies dell laptop power supplies hp laptop power supplies lenovo laptop power supplies toshiba laptop power supplies hard drives memory desktop memory laptop memory laptop batteries video cards cpus / processors motherboards optical drives power supplies dell power supplies hp power supplies schools/large orders office solution ip phones network switches dell servers printers networking accessories pos point of sale equipment cables ups server battery backups shop by brands dell hp lenovo apple microsoft intel asus cisco nvidia logitech customer reviews locations contact us 512-459-0026 chat with us sign in or register veterans day sale this weekend only great discounts sitewide home discount electronics privacy policy discountelectronics.com privacy policy this privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'personally identifiable information' (pii) is being used online. pii, as used in us privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with our website. this privacy statement applies to discountelectronics.com only, it does not apply to the websites of our business partners or to any other third parties, even if their websites are linked to our website. we recommend you review the privacy statements of the other parties with which you interact. what personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website? when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience. in order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with discount electronics, information collected through one source may be combined with information discount electronics obtains through other sources. we may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other parties, including our business partners and other third parties. when do we collect information? we collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site. how do we use your information? we may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: • to personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. • to improve our website in order to better serve you. • to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. • to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. • to quickly process your transactions. • to send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services. how do we protect visitor information? our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. we use regular malware scanning. your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. in addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology. we implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. for your convenience we may store your credit card information kept for more than 60 days in order to expedite future orders, and to automate the billing process. do we use 'cookies'? yes. cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we use cookies to: • help remember and process the items in the shopping cart. • understand and save user's preferences for future visits. • keep track of advertisements. • compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf. the website uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via sms. you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser (like internet explorer) settings. each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. if users disable cookies in their browser: if you disable cookies off, it will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.  however, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service. third party disclosure we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. this does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. third party links occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. these third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. google analytics we use google analytics on our website. google analytics is a web analysis service provided by google. google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of discountelectronics.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other google services. google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. personal data collected: cookie and usage data. place of processing: usa. you can access google's privacy policy here. california online privacy protection act caloppa is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. the law's reach stretches well beyond california to require a person or company in the united states (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from california consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - see more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0fdrbt51.dpuf according to caloppa we agree to the following: users can visit our site anonymously. once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website. our privacy policy link includes the word 'privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above. users will be notified of any privacy policy changes: • on our privacy policy page users are able to change their personal information: • by emailing us • by calling us how does our site handle do not track signals? in addition to the ability to control cookies, some web browsers may also give you the ability to enable a “do not track” setting. this setting sends a special signal to the websites you encounter while web browsing. this “do not track” signal is different from disabling certain forms of tracking by declining cookies in your browser settings, as browsers with the “do not track” setting enabled still have the ability to accept cookies. discountelectronics.com does not respond to web browser “do not track” signals at this time. if we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this privacy statement. for more information about “do not track,” visit www.allaboutdnt.org. does our site allow third party behavioral tracking? it's also important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking. coppa (children online privacy protection act) when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the children's online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control. the federal trade commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the coppa rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. we do not specifically market to children under 13. fair information practices the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. understanding the fair information practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information. in order to be in line with fair information practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: we will notify the users via email • within 7 business days we also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. this principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors. the above excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties. can spam act the can-spam act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. we collect your email address in order to: • send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. • process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders • we may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service. • market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred to be in accordance with canspam we agree to the following: • not use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses • identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way • include the physical address of our business or site headquarters • monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used. • honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly • allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can: • follow the instructions at the bottom of each email. • email us at internet@discountelectronics.com and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence. contacting us if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. discount electronics 1007 s heatherwilde blvd #500 pflugerville, texas 78660 united states internet@discountelectronics.com 512-637-5226 close × ! ok cancel why choose us warranty warranty your purchase is covered by a one-year parts and labor warranty. all repairs are done in house by our qualified service technicians. service after the sale is what this company is all about. quality assurance quality assurance at discount electronics, we prioritize the quality and performance of all our refurbished laptops and desktops, ensuring they deliver top-notch durability and reliability. affordability affordability discount electronics offers you the chance to own high-quality refurbished laptops and desktops at a fraction of the cost of a brand-new device, making cutting-edge technology affordable for everyone. transparency transparency we provide detailed information about the configuration, specs, and included accessories for every refurbished laptop and desktop, empowering you to make well-informed decisions. variety variety check out our extensive selection of brands, configurations, and models. discount electronics caters to every need and preference, offering refurbished laptops and desktops to suit all requirements. sustainability sustainability by choosing a refurbished laptop or desktop from discount electronics, you're actively helping to reduce electronic waste and promoting sustainable consumption. footer start locations pflugerville warehouse 1007 south heatherwilde blvd. suite 500 pflugerville, tx 78660 512.637.5226 north austin computer sales 4005 w parmer ln suit d austin, tx 78757 512.983.9989 round rock computer sales 1001 south ih-35 round rock, tx 78664 512.637.7051 shop laptops computers monitors apple products gaming parts computer packages schools/large orders towers workstations quick links press & awards reviews about us contact us locations blog electronics recycling warranty & returns privacy policy © 2024 discount electronics. all rights reserved. sitemap designed & developed by makkpress chat with us