来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250420034906/https://discountelectronics.com/reviews
================================================================================

customer feedback & reviews | discount electronics locations contact us 512-459-0026 chat with us toggle menu compare close × account sign in or register close × electronics recycling search search search search electronics recycling laptops new laptop arrivals touchscreen and 2-in-1 laptops used toughbook rugged laptops ultrabooks business laptops gaming laptops high end laptops laptops by brand refurbished dell laptops refurbished hp laptops apple laptops refurbished lenovo laptops refurbished microsoft surface laptops by cpu dual core laptops core i3 laptops core i5 laptops core i7 laptops laptops by os windows 10 laptops windows 11 laptops windows 7 laptops laptops by price cheap laptops under $300 laptops under $500 laptops under $700 laptops under $900 laptops $900 and up laptop by screen size small laptops 13 inch laptops 14 inch laptops 15 inch laptops 17 inch laptops scratch and dent specials macbooks spanish laptops refurbished laptops computers windows 11 desktop computers refurbished computers micro and mini computers gaming computers computers by brand alienware dell computers used lenovo computers used hp computers computers by os windows 10 computers windows 11 computers windows 7 computers no operating system pcs computers by processor core i3 computers dual core computers xeon workstations core i5 computers core i7 pcs all in one desktop computers core i7 computers workstations and servers computer packages monitors 17 inch monitors dual monitors scratch and dent monitors square computer monitors 19 inch monitors 20 inch lcd monitors 22 inch computer monitors 23 inch monitors 24 inch lcd led monitors 25 inch and up monitors hdmi monitors used dell monitors vertical monitors used monitors clearance sale schools/large orders shop by brands dell hp lenovo apple microsoft intel asus cisco nvidia logitech customer reviews locations pflugerville warehouse 1007 south heatherwilde blvd. suite 500 pflugerville, tx 78660 512.637.5226 mon - fri 9am-4pm sat closed view map north austin computer sales 4005 w parmer ln suit d austin, tx 78727 512.983.9989 mon - sat 10am-7pm sun noon-5pm view map round rock computer sales 1001 south ih-35 round rock, tx 78664 512.637.7051 mon - sat 10am-7pm sun noon-5pm view map contact us 512-459-0026 chat with us sign in or register one year warranty us phone support open since 1997 4.9 google rating home reviews reviews sources: discount electronics-patience and matt were a great help patience and matt were a great help in store. patience with helping me to find the best computer for my needs, and answering my mountain of questions. at pickup, matt was extremely helpful in answering the questions and showing how to get into microsoft to adjust the firewall settings. source : mike tresca discount electronics is a great place… discount electronics is a great place to get a computer, it's very affordable and worth the drive, super nice people and charles was very helpful, i'm glad i did business with you and i will be back when i need a upgrade... source : phillip robinson great service! justin at the round rock store took great care of me! source : s blair about a year ago i purchased a dell tabout a year ago i purchased a dell latitude laptop. i initially had problems with the keyboard. i was sent a new keyboard free with instructions to replace it. i have recommended discount electronics to those who tell me they need a good computer at a great price. the next time i need a laptop i will go straight to discount. thanks!" source : daniel brooks discount electronics rr: quick fix i needed help getting my computer back up and running facing a fantasy baseball draft deadline. boy, i landed at just the right place: discount electronics / round rock. employee charles hallford assured me he could have the work done within 2 hours. it was only an hour later that he called to say "mission accomplished." i picked it up, charles made sure i was satisfied and didn't even charge me because i purchased it last summer at their store. all systems go, and i am so pleased. charles and de round rock is my new go-to outlet for computers and repairs. source : kevin lyttle discount electronics delivered a gem discount electronics delivered a gem with the dell laptop i purchased. when i couldn’t track my order, i called and greg got me a new tracking number and we learned it was coming the next day. these guys have earned my loyalty. source : kelly rudolph armando at the round rock store is armando at the round rock store is great! he patiently listens to my needs for the two different systems that i needed to purchase. he immediately came up with a desktop system that would work perfectly for my needs, and even though the laptop that i needed was not in their store, he found it at another store and got everything ready at the other store so all i had to do was walk out and say this is what i want purchase it and leave. excellent service! source : kenneth polk jr. just purchased a small dell desktop just purchased a small dell desktop for some monitoring displays. came as specified, well packed with a power cord. unboxed and with 10 mins of setup, its up and running. shipping was great-arrived a day early. great price source : kenneth polk jr. i've been purchasing used computers i've been purchasing used computers from discount electronics for 7 years now. each one has served me well. i've found the customer service people very happy to help. source : avery miller discount electronics delivered on their… discount electronics delivered on their promise of quality with the dell laptop i bought. it's sleek, powerful, and exactly what i needed. i had trouble finding the right laptop and when i called greg helped me pick one out. source : sebastian hall the dell laptop i purchased from… the dell laptop i purchased from discount electronics surpassed all my expectations. not only was the price unbeatable, but the laptop itself is fast and light. i couldn't be happier with my purchase. source : stella turner it was charles it was charles. great communication and explanations from start to finish. source : jay simpson really great service eve ellenbogen worked with me to find the best options for my requirements. she is very patient and is willing to dig to get the best options. source : fran parmer lane store is nice went into the parmer lane location for help with my computer purchase. was assisted by tim and he answered all my questions and was great at making sure i got what i needed to do my simple tasks. the price was right and to know i have a year warranty makes buying from them easier. source : craig left town without a power cord for my… left town without a power cord for my laptop and had to get some work done. matt provided great help and hooked me up with what i needed. source : evie wise round rock discount electronics is great! charles and his crew are great people. always friendly, patient and knowledgeable. i highly recommend de for anything computer related. they have lots of great deals. everything from thermal paste to full blown systems. also, they will recycle your old hardware at no cost. source : cory raugutt greg at discount electronics helped me… greg at discount electronics helped me pick out 3 laptops and monitors for my office. he took the time to be sure they were exactly what i needed. i had a problem connecting one to the internet. he called me right back and walked me through it.! source : alex jones i went to the parmer location..having… i went to the parmer location..having been to the round rock location, this location is sooo much better. the workers are friendly and attentive. jd helped me while i was there and i couldnt have asked for better assistance. source : sandra santos great service and prices great store with great prices. i was helped by eve, who was so helpful and informative. source : malia upgrade for the cost of a repair. i came in with a machine i bought from de that needed repair. tim anderson helped me & i decided it was not cost-effective to repair it. tim helped me find another machine that was an upgrade from what i had for about the same cost as repairs. i had it customized for my needs and tim said it would take a couple of hours. it was done in 1 hour. my total time in the store for both visits was less than 15 minutes. the service rocked & my new machine is working perfectly. definitely coming back for any computer needs. source : gregory drake thanks discount electronics thanks discount electronics! ya'll always have what i need at a great price. stopped in and bought a flash drive, matt b helped me and provided awesome customer service. source : lauren great products and customer service! i've been going to discount electronics for years (both the anderson and parmer locations). i trust their refurbished computers and they always have great customer service. hallie has helped me numerous times with picking out computers. i highly recommend! source : julie wier if these are the guys in austin if these are the guys in austin, they are tops and totally stand behind what they sell. i bought a panasonic tough book and my wife got a big ol' hp laptop...had a wee bit of drama with toughbook and they made it right from jump street. integrity is what they call it if i remember correctly. bought at (former) store in far south austin, store on parmer made it right. i will be back. source : kebmo ordered from this place for 1st time ordered from this place for 1st time. i received the laptop in two days. it was sent out for delivery the same day i ordered it. it is more than what i expected. everything works no dents. i’m so happy with my purchase. i will give this place another go around when i’m ready for another computer. thanks. also i called cause wasn’t sure how to turn on the wifi. they answered the phone on first ring and told me exactly what to do. best service yet source : eudora samuel i recently purchased a dell laptop from… i recently purchased a dell laptop from discount electronics, and i'm thoroughly impressed. the laptop arrived fast, and it exceeded my expectations. discount electronics has fantastic deals. source : david hayes local computer support good selection of products and a knowledgeable stuff on-site. can recommend if you look for local and competent computer support source : steffen in the market for a new pc it's been years since i shopped at their store on anderson lane. whenever i need a new pc they are my go-to. they have a new store on parmer lane. tim was a wealth of knowledge and helped me pick out the perfect system to run windows 11. source : scott impeccable customer service! i feel terrible because i can't remember the name of the gentleman who helped me today. he was absolutely incredible! he was very thorough, and very very patient. i could not be more happy with the service i received today. source : james clark professional and efficient professional and efficient. i brought my gaming pc after moving for some maintenance and minor repairs, serviced by jd source : tabatha peters fully legit fully legit! refurbed computers like new and with the 1 year warranty i felt super comfortable purchasing with them (even though i didn't have to use it). 7 days per week phone support is a very nice touch! source : ben define digital academy guarantee honored had a bios problem out of the blue. almando explained what i could expect and when, then made sure the computer went to the correct place. repairs were effected at no cost to me. writing to you on it now. i appreciate the knowledge and efforts. source : jerry highly recommended! this was originally a 2-star review as there had been problems with shipments on all three of my previous orders; however, i am changing it to a 5-star review based on recent communications from discount electronics. i've received two calls and an email today apologizing for the delay with promises of a complete refund of shipping charges. i was also thanked for helping them realize there was a glitch in the new website regarding shipping that they will now fix. the speed and sincerity in making it right is more in line with what discount electronics is known for: exemplary product and great customer service. i recommend their services without reservation. oh. and they have the best hold music ever! source : julie seattle discount electronics is awesome they are awesome. the computers they sell just work. i recently had an issue where i put the wrong city in the shipping address. zip was right, but usps was too dumb to correct it and sent is back to de. de sent it to me again with the correct address 2-day fedex! that's service! it wasn't even their mistake! source : patrick roberts everything works no dents. ordered from this place for 1st time.i received the laptop in two days. it was sent out for delivery the same day i ordered it. it is more than what i expected. everything works no dents. i'm so happy with my purchase. i will give this place another go around when i'm ready for another computer. thanks. also i called cause wasn't sure how to turn on the wifi. they answered the phone on first ring and told me exactly what to do. best service yet source : micah williams g. love this place! staff here was incredibly helpful and knowledgeable! i was greeted immediately upon walking in the door and they were able to assist me in not only getting my pc running, but running better than ever! price was also way less than i was expecting! thank y'all so much and i will definitely be back. source : ben f. love this place! staff here was incredibly helpful and knowledgeable! i was greeted immediately upon walking in the door and they were able to assist me in not only getting my pc running, but running better than ever! price was also way less than i was expecting! thank y'all so much and i will definitely be back. source : ben f. why are there no more companies like this? everyone here seems to know exactly what they are doing. i have had to call for help with my computer several times over the last few years and i always get someone who know what they are doing. yet, when i call the hardware store or anywhere else nobody knows what they are talking to. or even worse, i wait forever to talk talk to someone who barely speaks english that doesn't live here and has no idea what i am talking about. discount is my favorite computer store. i first went here almost 20 years ago. source : ross g. easy to buy and work with i needed an old laptop, so i visited discount electronics. they offered many different laptops at different price points and even different operating systems. i worked with matt b., who could direct me to a laptop that came out just under the price i wanted to spend; when i got home, i had trouble with the wifi. the next day, i returned the laptop, and matt could get the computer swapped without any issues. now, i have a perfect working device and paid under what i had budgeted. it was a great experience; i would not hesitate to recommend or revisit discount electronics. source : jesse r. quick and efficient help. i needed to replace the battery in one of our laptops, and wanted to use a store credit to offset the cost. they didn't have the battery in stock when i was there on other business, but matt tracked down what i needed and notified me by email. when i went in brendon assisted me, and swapped the battery out on my behalf. everything about this and other transactions with discount make me a very satisfied customer. source : michael j m. broken stands replaced with two new monitors! i had an issue that was 3-4 months old. i had not looked at the monitors at all and when i check, two stands were broken. they offered to send two brand new monitors and i said just send the stands, they replied with, the stands may not fit the monitors. excellent customer service. i will order from the first before anywhere else if they have what i need! source : matthew b. greg's customer service was outstanding. greg's customer service was outstanding. he tackled my problem swiftly and with a positive attitude. it is nice to have someone answer the phone and speak english :) source : noah m. the computer exceeded my expectations. the computer exceeded my expectations. it's fast, and sleek. greg gave me top-notch service and expert guidance. highly recommend! source : ethan wilson g. very helpful and friendly. took my laptop into parmer store becouse the audio would not work.diana did an update that fixed the problem. very helpful and friendly. i purchased this laptop about 1 year ago from discount electronics south location. thank you source : baron s. please tell greg how excellent his service was please tell greg how excellent his service was. he was very informative and patient with me during my purchase. i highly recommend him and discount electronics. source : michael ross g. happy with discount electronics i highly recommend discount electronics. i recently purchased a computer from them. i was very pleased with the help i received from matt b. he helped me select a computer that is just what i need. the price was very reasonable and i would buy from them again. source : patty b. this was my second laptop from de in 8 years i bought the first one in 2016 at their big store in austin. i got this one online. both were great deals. the people are always very friendly too. source : pclay s. i needed assistance with my laptop and greg did an amazing job i needed assistance with my laptop and greg did an amazing job. what would have taken me days, he figured out in 10 minutes and then refused to let me pay anything. no wonder this is the best computer store in austin. source : journee butler g. thanks tim! tim helped me find a great deal on an awesome used laptop! this is my second purchase from discount electronics. source : bonnie s. great service thank you matt, for memory stick replacement. i had just bought a laptop from you guys! anytime you get a pop up message your heart drops, wondering how bad is this going to be. i support small neighborhood business! thank you source : cynthia s. excellent customer services when i entered discount electronics i was greeted by "rico" he took my temperature and also gave me some hand sanitizer which i thought was great, that said to me that discount electronics took the virus covid 19 seriously. i was also greeted by "richard" he took my laptop and started working on it right away and all the while he was explaining to me what he was doing, which i thought that was nice of him. the whole crew rico and richard were great, and gave me awesome customer service. i will tell my friends about discount electronics in round rock source : colleen b. discount electronics is my computer store from now on. i recently had the pleasure of dealing with greg from customer service, and i must say, he exceeded all expectations. greg's professionalism, attentiveness, and willingness to go above and beyond to resolve my issue were truly commendable. discount electronics is my computer store from now on. source : miranda foster g. discount electronics / round rock: fast and friendly discount electronics in round rock and employee charles hallford really bailed me out today. i had an hp laptop that wouldn't kick into gear and needed it fixed for a pair of fantasy baseball drafts at austin sports bars in the next several days. charles confidently told me they could get it fixed quickly. i was prepared to leave it overnight, even though my first draft is coming up in two days. charles said, "come back in two hours, and we should have you up and running." it didn't even take that long. i went home and he called an hour later to say, "laptop fixed, you can come and get it." i went back to de / round rock, charles made sure i was satisfied that the computer was working properly, which it was, and away i went, still giving me plenty of time to study for the fantasy drafts. and get this: there was no charge, because i bought the laptop at their round rock location within the last year. sweet. source : kevin l. the only way to buy electronics! for basic laptop and computer needs, buy with confidence while saving a bundle! jd helped me out with a great deal on my new laptop and i'm very pleased with the product. source : robert a. thanks greg my laptop was fried and i needed something urgently. i saw the prices they advertised but i didn't really believe it. not only did i get a great laptop for $299 but the warranty is better than the warranty i got on my brand new (now dead) laptop from best buy. and it was half the price. thanks greg source : donald harris g. good service! greg at discount electronics hooked me up with an incredible laptop! good service, i like it, it's really good source : luna conway g. i can't believe i hadn't heard of this place before. i can't believe i hadn't heard of this place before. greg told me they have been here since the 90s. amazing customer service. i thought i needed a new computer because i lost my password. they told me how to get logged in and i didn't spend a dime. thanks guys source : daniel ellis g. greg at the discount electronics location on parmer greg at the discount electronics location on parmer lane was fantastic! he was very knowlegable and sincere. he made it easy for us to pickwhat we needed in our price range. we will definitely continue to shop at de. source : joseph fisher g. i recently purchased a dell laptop i recently purchased a dell laptop with an i7 processor from discount electronics, which was much better than i expected for $300. greg was a big help. the laptop itself is like new and they even gave me a one year warranty free. i'm impressed with its performance and couldn't be happier with my purchase. source : anastasia howard g. they were exactly what i needed greg at discount electronics helped me pick out 3 laptops and monitors for my office. he took the time to be sure they were exactly what i needed. i had a problem connecting one to the internet. he called me right back and walked me through it.! source : mia thornton g. amazing customer service jd and eric are the best and helped me out with my son's laptop! fast and effective 100/10! thanks guys! source : s m. discount electronics has fantastic deals. i recently purchased a dell laptop from discount electronics, and i'm thoroughly impressed. the laptop arrived fast, and it exceeded my expectations. discount electronics has fantastic deals. source : isabella jones g. i recently bought a dell laptop i recently bought a dell laptop from discount electronics, and it's been a great experience. greg was incredibly helpful and knowledgeable. the laptop is perfect and cost much less than i expected. thank you! source : hope brooks g. professional and efficient professional and efficient. i bought a new gaming machine from greg and i love it.ok.a really good software source : johnharper taylor g. super knowledge he was tremendous assistance in getting my issue resolve right away. he was super knowledge of the issue that i was unaware about. thanks source : martha b. wow. i am super impressed with greg wow. i am super impressed with greg. i came in he listened to my needs, and helped me make a great choice on a laptop based on my needs and requirements without overselling me. thank you! source : jackson miller g. thanks greg. i appreciate the time you spent thanks greg. i appreciate the time you spent explaining everything. it really helped.very beautiful. source : mckenna cooper g. greg at discount electronics was fantastic! greg at discount electronics was fantastic! he found me a computer package for less than $300. i expected to spend twice that. thank you! source : caden lee g. i highly recommend discount electronics. i highly recommend discount electronics. i recently purchased a computer from them. i was very pleased with the help i received from gregb. he helped me pick out a laptop that is exactly what i needed. the price was very reasonable, source : isabella mclaughlin g. greg was super helpful. greg was super helpful. i purchased a computer from discount electronics a few years ago and had questions about a new one. greg was patient and explained everying in a way i could understand. source : owen battle g. so helpful. clean store and fair prices. was helped by brendon. he helped me with my purchase and educated me alittle aswell. very pleased with my experience source : merry j. so helpful. clean store and fair prices. was helped by brendon. he helped me with my purchase and educated me alittle aswell. very pleased with my experience source : merry j. great experience! went to discount electronics for the first time to buy a second monitor for my home office. found exactly what i was looking for and brendon was super helpful at checkout! def recommend if you are looking for lightly used electronics for your home office! source : merry j. greg was so helpful in getting me everything greg was so helpful in getting me everything i needed for a second computer at my office. he got me all the cables and cords and took the time to show me just how to connect everything. source : benjamin thompson g. helpful and helped me find the best laptop the staff on parmer ln is top-notch. greg was extremely helpful and helped me find the best laptop to meet my needs and answered all of my questions! source : daniel barnes g. greg was very helpful and knew exactly what my son needed greg was very helpful and knew exactly what my son needed. we were in and out of the store in less than 30 minutes. source : gabriel reed g. great service and information for my notebook purchase matt b was very helpful on the details on the dell notebook i purchased. he recommended the perfect unit that more than meets my needs and was within my budget. source : martin d. great customer service, great prices. i bought a laptop here from matt b and was really happy with the whole experience. matt listened to what i was looking for and found me the perfect computer for a price much better than i was expecting. source : lauren r. this was my second time at discount. this was my second time at discount. the store was too busy on saturday so i came back on tuesday and i am glad i did. i got a macbook 15 inch that just arrived for $475. greg is the man. source : elijah johnson g. this is a great place to shop for computer greg helped me to get a used computer and set it up for me. this is a great place to shop for computer deals.thanks! source : julian rivera g. i went into the store because i couldn't log in to my computer i went into the store because i couldn't log in to my computer. greg patiently helped me log in and change my password so i could continue to use my computer. then he charged me $0.00. good karma coming your way greg. source : crystal bill y. excellent service and sold me a very nice dell laptop greg at discount electronics provided excellent service and sold me a very nice dell laptop. i can't believe how fast it got here. source : logan branch g. greg at discount electronics helped me find the perfect desktop! greg at discount electronics helped me find the perfect desktop! thrilled with my optiplex and windows 11. source : zoe burton g. another support win once again, discount electronics in round rock has provided it support to restore my business and personal it operations. source : gene t. highly recommend for anyone highly recommend for anyone seeking quality performance and value in a desktop computer. the pc greg sold me for $150 is everything i needed. it even came with a one-year warranty. source : samuel butler g. we had to set up a new call center in a hurry. we had to set up a new call center in a hurry. greg sold me 10 computers with monitors, kb and mice all for $1,487.00. honestly, i expected to pay twice that. thanks de source : juliana reyes g. it's quickly become the highlight of my setup i recently acquired 2 computer monitors from discount electronics, and it's quickly become the highlight of my setup. these monitors make an impressive display, with stunning clarity. greg helped explain how to set up the dual monitors. i now have 48 inches of visual pleasure and paid less than $200 with tax. you guys rock! source : joseph bryant g. ok, this place is amazing ok, this place is amazing. i thought i needed a $1,000 laptop. i left for less than $500. i got home and realized i needed a little more memory. greg installed it for me in 10 minutes and charged me $75 for the memory and no labor. i will be back. source : ethan cooper g. they are going to fix it free. i bought a dell laptop here 4 months ago. yesterday it just wouldn't power on. i called and greg went above and beyond to assist me. i didn't even realize it was still under warranty. they are going to fix it free. i only pay to ship it to austin. i wasn't expecting that. source : abigail hoover g. very well priced computer parts and other electronics walked into the store up north by parmer to check out their stock for a few parts i needed for the homelab, and i ended up finding everything i needed to. brendon was very helpful and knowledgeable (unlike the vast majority of staff at most computer/electronic stores - and so i was able to get exactly what i needed. will definitely come back for more! source : k m. amazing refurbished stuff excellent performance with the refurbished laptop, never expected the quality, astonished with the battery performance... simply wow! source : naseer i. killer site to find refurbished dell computers killer site to find refurbished dell computers. i know dell has their own outlet center but i find those deals not to be such great bargains and they price it only a little below what a new system sells for... presumably so they can sell their new systems. discount electronics can sell you a used or refurbished laptop or desktop for a really good bargain and no point in even buying an extended warranty at these prices as if it breaks you just get a new one. stay just 1-2 years behind in technology and save a bundle. source : wade m. awesome customer service patience is the bomb! very knowledgeable and helpful i would highly recommend this store and patience for your computer needs source : aaron s. each one has served me well. "i've been purchasing used computers from discount electronics for 7 years now. each one has served me well. i've found the customer service people very happy to help." source : aurorafoster please tell greg how excellent his service was "please tell greg how excellent his service was. he was very informative and patient with me during my purchase. i highly recommend him and discount electronics." source : miamcmillan everything works no dents. "ordered from this place for 1st time. i received the laptop in two days. it was sent out for delivery the same day i ordered it. it is more than what i expected. everything works no dents. i’m so happy with my purchase. i will give this place another go around when i’m ready for another computer. thanks. also i called cause wasn’t sure how to turn on the wifi. they answered the phone on first ring and told me exactly what to do. best service yet" source : reesegonzalez i'm thrilled with my dell laptop from discount electronics. "i'm thrilled with my dell laptop from discount electronics. i came home to find it was delivered the day after i ordered. amazing!!!" source : charlieanderson i couldn't be happier with my purchase. "the dell laptop i purchased from discount electronics surpassed all my expectations. not only was the price unbeatable, but the laptop itself is fast and light. i couldn't be happier with my purchase." source : nathanturner it's sleek, powerful, and exactly what i needed. "discount electronics delivered on their promise of quality with the dell laptop i bought. it's sleek, powerful, and exactly what i needed. i had trouble finding the right laptop and when i called greg helped me pick one out." source : williamjohnson discount electronics has fantastic deals. "i recently purchased a dell laptop from discount electronics, and i'm thoroughly impressed. the laptop arrived fast, and it exceeded my expectations. discount electronics has fantastic deals." source : haleybrooks these guys have earned my loyalty. "discount electronics delivered a gem with the dell laptop i purchased. when i couldn’t track my order, i called and greg got me a new tracking number and we learned it was coming the next day. these guys have earned my loyalty." source : samuelshaver the next time i need a laptop i will go straight to discount. thanks! "about a year ago i purchased a dell latitude laptop. i initially had problems with the keyboard. i was sent a new keyboard free with instructions to replace it. i have recommended discount electronics to those who tell me they need a good computer at a great price. the next time i need a laptop i will go straight to discount. thanks!" source : charlieanderso he handled myissue promptly and with great care. "greg's customer service was truly remarkable. he handled my issue promptly and with great care, making sure i felt valued as a customer. his positive attitude and willingness to go the extra mile made all the difference." source : elijahpedigo professional and efficient "professional and efficient. i bought a new gaming machine from greg and i love it." source : danielmorse i highly recommend de and greg for anything computer related. "i highly recommend de and greg for anything computer related. they have lots of laptops. also, they will recycle your old computer at no cost" source : sophiamclaughlin greg was super helpful. "greg was super helpful. i purchased a computer from discount electronics a few years ago and had questions about a new one. greg was patient and explained everying in a way i could understand." source : benjaminpelham thanks, discount electronics! "thanks, discount electronics! you always have what i need at the right price. hat’s off to greg for going the extra mile" source : alexanderwhiteside they are going to fix it free. "i bought a dell laptop here 4 months ago. yesterday it just wouldn’t power on. i called and greg went above and beyond to assist me. i didn’t even realize it was still under warranty. they are going to fix it free. i only pay to ship it to austin. i wasn’t expecting that." source : alexanderfisher i was impressed by greg's exceptional customer service. "i was impressed by greg's exceptional customer service. he knows more about computers than anyone i’ve ever met. i received my computer yesterday. there was a small scuff on the side, but other than that it works great." source : josephduke greg's customer service was outstanding. "greg's customer service was outstanding. he tackled my problem swiftly and with a positive attitude. it is nice to have someone answer the phone and speak english :)" source : jamiejohnson my computer arrived on time "my computer arrived on time but it didn’t power on. in the end i didn’t have the power cord plugged into the desktop all the way. but greg called me and walked me through the troubleshooting. he didn’t make me feel like an idiot. great guy" source : janicebrown greg’s friendly demeanor and willingness to assist left a lasting impression. "greg’s friendly demeanor and willingness to assist left a lasting impression. this will be my first stop the next time i need a new laptop." source : samuelwatson i can’t believe i hadn’t heard of this place before. "i can’t believe i hadn’t heard of this place before. greg told me they have been here since the 90s. amazing customer service. i thought i needed a new computer because i lost my password. they told me how to get logged in and i didn’t spend a dime. thanks guys" source : williamstarks thanks greg "my laptop was fried and i needed something urgently. i saw the prices they advertised but i didn’t really believe it. not only did i get a great laptop for $299 but the warranty is better than the warranty i got on my brand new (now dead) laptop from best buy. and it was half the price. thanks greg" source : avabrandon discount electronics is my computer store from now on. "i recently had the pleasure of dealing with greg from customer service, and i must say, he exceeded all expectations. greg's professionalism, attentiveness, and willingness to go above and beyond to resolve my issue were truly commendable. discount electronics is my computer store from now on." source : lilysteward good service! "greg at discount electronics helped me find the perfect desktop! thrilled with my optiplex and windows 11." source : josephmcneal greg at discount electronics was fantastic! "greg at discount electronics was fantastic! he found me a computer package for less than $300. i expected to spend twice that. thank you!" source : benjaminjones excellent service and sold me a very nice dell laptop "greg at discount electronics provided excellent service and sold me a very nice dell laptop. i can’t believe how fast it got here." source : chloeray great service and fast shipping. "greg at discount electronics sold me a fantastic laptop! it's perfect for my needs. great service and fast shipping." source : jordancooper the computer exceeded my expectations. "the computer exceeded my expectations. it's fast, and sleek. greg gave me top-notch service and expert guidance. highly recommend!" source : reviewer3698460002 a 30 inch monitor for $175 "i have been buying from discount for years. last week i ordered a 30 inch monitor for $175 and picked it up at parmer lane. i paid zero shipping and now have an amazing setup. i first came here in the late 90s at the old store on lamar. these guys are always my first stop. sometimes the store has stuff that isn't online. i wish i could see all of the inventory on their website." source : harryc3367151429 great computer great value "ordered from this place for first time. got the computer in two days. it was sent out for delivery the same day i ordered it. computer is more than what i expected. everything works no dents. i’m so happy with my purchase. i will give this place another go around when i’m ready for another computer. thanks. also i called cause wasn’t sure how to work wifi. they answered the phone on first try and told me exactly what to do. best service yet." source : joshuafedoroff1 great value! "about a year ago i purchased a dell latitude e7440 laptop. i initially had problems with the keyboard. a call to the service center had a quick response. i was sent a new keyboard, at no cost, with instruction how to replace the old one. when i asked if i failed with that fix, i was told i should return the entire computer with the new keyboard, again at no cost. as it turned out i was successful in my repair job. i have used the laptop since then with no problems. i have recommended discount electronics to those who tell me they need a good computer at a very good price. if i ever need another laptop, i will first look at your offerings. thanks!" source : edgarlejeune excellent , personable service! "please pass on to dillon the excellent service he provided. he was most informative and patient with me during my purchase; i highly recommend him and discount electronics. thanks to patrick for such great people." source : ron-50118 4 good computers so far "i've been purchasing good used computers from discount computers on anderson at 183 for some 7 years now. i like to have 2, one upstairs and 1 down, so 2 good, used computers is what i prefer. i see them as good used cars. each computer has served me well, and better, when i do have an issue with one (seldom), i've found the service people very happy to help. today i took in my older computer because suddenly it would not boot. patrick determined the hard drive was ok and said it must be the bios. as i was about to turn this machine in anyway, he took the hard drive out and encased it for me so i could continue to organize the data it held before shifting that data to the newer machine. equally important, patrick was able to give me clear answers to questions that were stumping me, so i can do better. i will continue to go here. thanks to you, patrick and all the fine staff who've preceeded you." source : faithadair been doing business with them better part of twenty years "i've been doing business with the store on research for the better part of twenty years i have purchased desktop computers, laptop computers, and computer accessories there and always use then to service my computers. took my laptop in this morning because wi-fi was not working - patrick in service showed me a switch that i did not know about and immediately resolved my problem - no muss - no fuss - no charge - my experience here has usually been very much the same as today - knowledgeable, friendly, professional staff who are a pleasure to do business with" source : glennrichardson bought 6 gb of ram "i bought 8 gb of ram and after receiving it found that one chip was non functioning. they completely took care of me and issued more than half a refund for the one stick. the representative was very helpful and patient with me as i was slow to respond. will definitely consider them again!" source : daniel-4230 excellent customer service!!! "i purchased a laptop. i had questions on activation of software (accidently threw away). i called and sent an email. my feedback happened so quick, i hardly had time to panic. class starting soon, and i'm good to go. i didn't know customer service like this existed anymore. problem resolved. will purchase again." source : aamie6234 best in the business "discount electronics has the best customer service people i have ever worked with. i bought a laptop from de and i screwed it up because of my lack of knowledge. i called de, they sent me a ups return label, fixed the things i screwed up and returned it to me. i quickly admit i only know on and off when it comes to computers, but the professionalism displayed by de is amazing. i can highly recommend them to anyone that wants to purchase a computer for an unbelievably low price but be able to work with a customer service department the is the best in the industry. honestly their customer service is heads above any other customer service department in any industry." source : thecampbellgroupllc great price & super customer service "i bought 2 dell 15" ultrasharp monitors for $35 each-- they shipped well packed (no damage on arrival); when we noticed only 1 set of cords i called d/e and they immediately shipped the other power & vga cords. the 2nd set arrived within 2 days. the agent who took my call was friendly and professional. based on some prior negative feedback, i suspect they took that info to heart and made a change. i have been recommending them to friends and family-- my experience with d/e was spectacular!!!" source : kate-48536 they were awesome and great with there service. "chis,steve,will w. gus and will s. are great guy for discount electronics. they were awesome and great with there service. i really enjoy doing business with them guys. cedar park......discount electronics rocks!!" source : bobby9300 once again great service "once again great service by robert at discount electronics, 2206 nw loop 410, san antonio." source : georgepoe i will continue to buy my computer stuff from this company. logan at 2206 nw loop 410 san antonio tx 78230 was very helpful to me 0n 9/13. he spent over 2 hours working on my laptop. was very friendly and explained to me what he was doing and why. also installed an updated virus software for me. this is the 2nd laptop i have bought from this company and recommend it to all my friends. i will continue to buy my computer stuff from this company. logan again thank you so very much for your assistance source : bcdbrd service super "great has any and all thing you need and at better prices then used will tell every one and go back again and again service super ( logan) at sa_ north 410 was above expectations knowes his stuff and even my which was weird [old school]" source : xavierguerra highly recommend "today's visit to the discount electronics store in south austin was my first but will not be my last. shelby provided excellent service as well as being very knowledgeable. the store is well-organized with a pleasant atmosphere. i have mentally added the wireless printer he showed me to a wish list for my next visit. great price and just what we need here at home. highly recommend." source : cottonwood highly recommend "today's visit to the discount electronics store in south austin was my first but will not be my last. shelby provided excellent service as well as being very knowledgeable. the store is well-organized with a pleasant atmosphere. i have mentally added the wireless printer he showed me to a wish list for my next visit. great price and just what we need here at home. highly recommend." source : cottonwood great place! great place! thanks john clawson for your help! will definitely be going back! great prices as well! source : sara m. jd was super helpful i came into the store today, and jd was super helpful. answered any and all questions i had. thanks for the great service. source : ashley b. everyone there is super nice and knowledgeable. i came across discount electronics about a year ago. my son wanted a gaming pc for christmas. i had previously purchased one from another retailer ( starts with a w ) and very disappointed. had to return it. i was very frustrated with the options i was finding so went to de. my son has had his gaming pc for a year - aside from minor issue it has held up wonderfully. i've since been back to purchase multiple accessories. no complaints whatsoever. the warranties are fantastic and so is the staff. we needed a minor repair and it was quickly fixed with a software upgrade i didn't even expect ! of course some products are limited but that's to be expected and they have numerous locations. the gentleman i first encountered was justin but everyone there is super nice and knowledgeable. if you need electronics make de your first stop ! source : tina h. i'm a customer for life now for sure i'm starting a new business and needed a laptop that could do everything i need at an affordable price. i was blown away by the great prices and the customer service from timothy was more than helpful. i know nothing about computers but timothy walked me through all the options and gave excellent recommendations. i'm a customer for life now for sure source : jess m. justin are friendly and professional i called and spoke to josef and told him i was interested in the ipad 4 mini. he said the ipad mini was at the warehouse and he would pick it up and give me a call when he returned. armando called and said it was there and when i was ready i could go pick it up. josef, armando, and justin are friendly and professional. source : michelle g. thanks brandon and matt! i came in store needing a laptop for a new job. brandon was great at listening to my needs and budget and quickly showed me a couple options without overwhelming me. i purchased a groovy laptop within my budget. thanks brandon and matt! source : misty s. daniel quickly found exactly what i was looking.. i walked in with a limited budget looking for a new monitor and daniel quickly found exactly what i was looking for with my available funds. thanks! source : benjamin b. shannon was attentive and professional shannon was an excellent salesperson and took the time to help my daughter and myself to find the perfect monitor. shannon was attentive and professional and is an asset to the team! source : kristal a. fixed it in less than 20 minutes.. i got a pc for my 13 birthday and it didn't work so we brought it back and matt b. was very helpful and took it apart right there and fixed it in less than 20 minutes source : jason w. highly recommend the round rock location is worth the drive. jozef medina was incredibly helpful. no pressure, never condescending (i am not computer savvy by a long shot) just really good advice. highly recommend. source : horse b. treated very respectfully by these knowledgeable young men excellent, excellent, excellent. i'm a 50 year old woman with not a lot of computer savvy. i got treated very respectfully by these knowledgeable young men. i was greeted the moment i walked in the door; was never talked down to. they explained the products; displayed expert knowledge; as well as answered my questions. i left with a great refurbished computer at a shockingly great price. and i experienced such great customer service. and their products are excellent; this is the third computer we bought from them in as many years. they all still perform very well. source : marjorie a. just great service and products walked in with little knowledge but a need for a laptop. patience walked over and with just a few questions was able to set us up with the perfect solution. she made us feel comfortable and the process was so much quicker than our past experiences with the big box stores. absolutely no pressure, just great service and products source : kevin b. i really love this company and their great staff! our company buys all our computers from them! absolutely love the friendly customer service they always give us. the wait time can be a little bit of course if other people are in the store too but that is completely normal. we worked with jozef this time and he was the best! knew what he was talking about and gave extremely good recommendations. the computer he helped me pick is absolutely perfect and i am now sitting waiting on my computer to unfreeze because i am multitasking too much at work. i really love this company and their great staff! source : jerry a. i recommend this place and i'll tell all my friends in austin tx!!! first of all i came here looking for laptop charger so i didn't found it. and then the gentleman he work at the store i think his name " brandon " he was super helpful and welcoming. so he helped me to find it online and he spent his time with me .. i recommend this place and i'll tell all my friends in austin tx!!! source : haider h. amazing very helpful and knowledgeable matt b. did amazing very helpful and knowledgeable about all products. great prices and great service. we showed interest in a laptop he was showing someone else. he sold them a touch screen and we were able to sweep in on this deal. thanks so much matt b! source : jacob w. shoutout to diana who was so helpful shoutout to diana who was so helpful in narrowing down a replacement for our home desktop. she was very patient and asked questions to help rightsize what we needed! source : cat m. such a pleasant experience.. such a pleasant experience. brandon was so helpful and knowledgeable about the products we were looking for. as someone who knows nothing about electronics, he made the process so much smoother than i expected. also - he has terrific hair. 5 stars !!!!! source : krista p. matt was so good matt was so good when i went up there i have took my all in one computer to the round rock store after i took it to best buy they put windows 11 on it then it just kept crashing took it there like 3 times so sad with the work ang then i took it too discount electronics they did the same thing they did it stared crashing once again then i call the one on parmer lane and matt fixed it with no problem haven't had any problems since then thanks a lot matt source : john t. i thank a coworker of mine two months ago i was told that i may have to start working from home and that i needed to be prepared. i wasn't and was against it but i didn't realize how serious the covid-19 was going spread. i use three monitors at work and the guys at discount electronics had the right cable cord to help me set up my workspace with an additional monitor to make life a little easier. my workspace at home is much more like the office now. and i thank a coworker of mine "mr, nino" for walking me through the set up. source : bill g. very knowledgeable and friendly great local computer store. very knowledgeable and friendly folks to help you get or keep your electronics up and running - ir set you up with new (to you) toys and tools to help your electronic world be more effective and efficient. source : john b. thank you so very much i have been relying on de for 20+ years for the best price, most feature rich, most knowledgeable, and most helpful computer everything store for my businesses and personal computing needs. today was another chapter in awesome. matthew, new/upgrade computer specialist, guided me out of the fog of "don't know/what are the options" land and into best case upgrade. thank you so very much. and if i didn't remember his name right he's the guy way over 6 ft tall. and de is keeping austin weird. source : fred f. great experience! discount electronics offered great selection and pricing. i had just been to another discount store, and bought a computer from discount electronics that same day because it was so much better. eric was knowledgable and helpful. great experience! source : h s. discount electronics is highly recommended. we drove from houston to austin speciifically to go the de store on parmer and were not disappointed. diana helped us buy a very nice laptop and was a joy to deal with. the transaction was a bit complicated due to our having a store credit but she handled it quickly and professionally. the store is very clean, uncluttered, and laid out very nicely. discount electronics is highly recommended. source : john h. the staff always helps us out discount electronics always has what we need, and the staff always helps us out. today matt g and josh were able to locate the specific computers we needed to complete a project. the store is always fun to walk into an experience, but most importantly they've got the parts and supplies we need to get things done. thanks, discount electronics! source : eric w. went to de with a list of what i needed... went to de with a list of what i needed...matt was quick to greet me and assisted me with my purchase. a lot of employees end the conversation at hello, matt actually followed through, thanks matt, and thanks de for hiring such game changers! source : ace c. make more/next purchase(s) from this location! purchased a laptop about 6 months ago. i have been having issues off and on. returned to the store today and was help by tim. thank you tim!!! he explained what was going on with my laptop and promptly took care of it! great customer service, no hassle. i've been to this location three times and each time-a+ service. i will definitely make more/next purchase(s) from this location! source : nada d. they always have gone above and beyond to help me with my problems. hands down, kris at the nort austin store has it goin on. i have bought numerous laptops and had more repaired and have never had a bad or even a close to bad experience in their store. they always have gone above and beyond to help me with my problems. source : douglasrwagner98 w. thank you brandon for your help and advice. went in today and picked up a laptop and brandon was so helpful. i've been going to discount randomly for almost 20 years and the staff is always very helpful. thank you brandon for your help and advice. cheers source : m2002 h. excellent service! highly recommend i came into discount electronics in need of a new laptop. lynda was extremely helpful in finding me the perfect one! she found a laptop in perfect condition for a great deal. excellent service! highly recommend source : catcasey g. excellent customer service i had an issue that was 3-4 months old. i had not looked at the monitors at all and when i check, two stands were broken. they offered to send two brand new monitors and i said just send the stands, they replied with, the stands may not fit the monitors. excellent customer service. i will order from the first before anywhere else if they have what i need! source : matthew b. highly recommend this place stopped in to look at refurbished windows computers. i was delighted with the help i got in selecting one (a dell latitude e5120); the sales person was interested in exactly what i wanted to do with the device and he helped me find one well within my price constraints (cheap).service and product they sold me could not have been better. highly recommend this place. keep it up. source : robert f. give that man a raise 5 stars are not enough to describe my recent experience at the anderson ln store. tim went way, way above and beyond the term customer service. he not only stayed several hours past quitting time to be sure my new computer was working properly, he also helped me download a tedious and time consuming program to boot! tim's assistance, knowledge and excellent customer skills showed he is the employee every employer is looking for but seldom find. i think i going to get a tee shirt printed saying "clone tim". give that man a raise...a big one...just say'n. source : lynn w. great service and very knowledgeable. great service and very knowledgeable. diagnosed my issues within minutes and set me up with an inexpensive refurbished tower to swap my hard drive into. highly recommend these guys. source : john s. worth a visit. my hard drive crashed. not my first time, but my first time here! folks were great! replaced my hd with a solid state hd, so i would not have to do this again. however, the big save here was maintaining all my files. some got lost, but nothing that couldn't be replaced. 95% of my stuff was in tact. total life savers! they were fast (48 hours), reasonably priced and it's great that they answer their own phones at the store, versus some "national line.". highly recommended. my buddy bought one of their refurbished computers there a few years back and he swears by them! worth a visit. source : jorge h. they were just great! i buy all my laptops and electronics here. the staff is super knowledgeable and helpful. today both kris r. and zeke helped me pick out a laptop. i had lots of questions, they were just great! source : lisa d. i will continue to give them my business.. in todays world, where great customer service seems to be dying off, it is refreshing to find it where it still lives. the folks here at discount electronics on anderson ln are giving great customer service, and i will continue to give them my business. thanks marcus and kris! source : dave c. awesome awesome service!!! awesome awesome service!!! deek was amazing and helped me restart my poor laptop back to life. the moment i walked in, i was greeted and was asked how i could be helped. i told my boss about how well i was treated. i will be coming back here for any and all comp issues i have. source : kimi v. thanks for coming through, guys! just a quick note to thank patrick and matt at the anderson lane store for really pulling my you-know-what out of the fire with a quick, timely repair. without that repair, my wife and i aren't watching tv this evening and that would not have been a good thing! thanks for coming through, guys! source : mike n. keep up the good work! definitely my go-to place for computers and pc parts in austin. customer friendly staff shows that great service is not a thing of the past. keep up the good work! source : john m. very friendly and knowledgeable service. very friendly and knowledgeable service. i brought in a pretty new laptop to sell that wasn't a good fit for my wife. they had an excellent range of similar quality choices for a trade and i left with a much better machine for our needs. the guys in the store were super helpful and fair. i felt like i got great value. source : chris h. great place! great place! great prices; i'll be back for sure! i was in a rush and needed to get new monitors and docking stations for the office and matt g was able to help me out immediately! i was in and out there in 10 minutes. source : kristen f. we will keep coming back !! this place has so many awesome computer options, is well organized, and a great location, and all the employees are super respectful and helpful even overly helpful actually. one employee in particular goes by the name deek. he was honest and provided me with tech-support going above and beyond for no gain just good work ethic/integrity. thank you discount !! we will keep coming back !! source : lisa j. we always recommend to friends! don't know of marcus still works there, but he was so awesome - we had an older type connector on our desktop for the monitor and accidentally donated it when we donated our old broken monitor, he knew exactly what we needed right away - over the years we have shopped here, gotten the help/advice we needed and always really affordable - we always recommend to friends! source : melissa h. excellent place for the cheap hardcore hardware have been shopping with these guys since 1998. excellent place to find laptop or desktop peripherals, such as keypads, speakers, mice, monitors and such. excellent place for the cheap hardcore hardware geek to buy! much better technical support than fry's. just called brian today and discovered their $9.00 usb powered speakers:)-john source : john w. i would definitely say they have a customer for life! i had an issue with my laptop charger and andrew helped me immediately as i walked in the door. he was very kind and fixed my issue within 5 minutes. i would definitely say they have a customer for life! thanks guys! source : lily z. these guys are top of list came in with a broken laptop that a screw had come out and one side or the screen was detaching from base. matt took it for about 5-7 mins and came back with it good as new. good prices on laptops that i could see while i looked around. these guys are top of list for when i need another computer. source : chuck l. awesome customer service... awesome customer service. took my cpu up there for some upgrades and josh was able to walk me through the various options in a friendly, professional demeanor. he also made some suggestions based on my computer needs that saved me some $$ compared to what i originally intended to purchase. source : aaron n. great service, friendly staff.... great service, friendly staff. purchased laptop with a bad battery and i had one sent to me overnight by discount electronics. very happy with the purchase and attention to customer service. source : shannon s. potentially saving me hundreds of dollars!!!! these guys routinely save me time, money and anxiety. they are honest and helpful. kris is one of my favs--today he reconfigured an existing dell tower, potentially saving me hundreds of dollars!!!! source : margaret h. professional and educational experience! every time i have any issue they are awesome. when needing a new computer, adapters or questions with security or programs i have a professional and educational experience! thank you!! source : m a. always good prices and great service! i have gotten several computers and periperals from discount. always good prices and great service! source : william r. very great experience with discount electronics. very great experience with discount electronics. came in late on a saturday evening to see if i could get my laptop looked at as i couldn't access wifi. there weren't any repair technicians working at the time but dillon was amazing and took a look at if for me and had me fixed up and back on wifi within minutes. can't gush enough about dillion. i will definitely be coming back in the future! source : yvette s. these guys are great! took an hp i5 computer in for repair with what appeared to be a graphics card issue to me and to them. dillon and josh waited on me. they did everything they could to make the computer work! they devised a plan to put me into a new unit and to move the drives. they bought the bones of my old machine. it was a better machine and i was out the door in a flash! josh and dillon were a great team and both had my money and time in mind, not only for the short term but also for the long term. these guys are great! source : dick a. you should check it out too. walked in to the store 15 minutes before store closing and was greeted with good attitudes and willing hands to help. josh was wonderful! he gave us honest advice about what we needed that would improve our computer performance without trying to sell us something we didn't need. he was friendly and the environment was fun. we looked at the fish while we waited. will definitely be referring our friends and family here! you should check it out too. source : drew a. everyone was nice and informative apple store said that to upgrade my ram on 2008 macbook would cost $150-$200. these guys sold me two 2gb ddr3 sticks and showed me how to install them for about $25! the first time i ever went, i needed random cords for my boss's old, ancient external hard drives, and they had all of the ones i needed, as well as cheap, used power adapters, and everyone was nice and informative. source : melanie s. these guys really know there stuff! once again the guys at discount electronics gave me fast and completely reliable service. rudy did a quick bench-check on my laptop and verified a problem and michael showed me how to solve the problem at no cost. i've been returning to this place for many years now and every time the customer service has been outstanding. these guys really know there stuff! source : john k. good customer service, i'll be back! one of the screws fell out of my son's gaming laptop (dell) and it was coming apart. i tried another screw and stripped out the hole and the screw, so it was totally coming apart. the guys at discount electronics couldn't fix it, but they managed to get the screw out and keep it stable and didn't charge me a dime. good customer service, i'll be back! source : john t. great service.... great service. this place took care of my problem laptop. they gave me updates as the work progressed. the prices were reasonable and best of all they got it working like new and saved my data. source : darren t. solid deal! will be back.. they were very helpful and gave me a solid deal! will be back.. great customer service! source : freedom r. feel like a valued customer... decent location. staff talks easily to people whose first language may be geek, but they speak english too. i bought a used computer for a family member and they gave a have return policy. though most of the computers they have on the floor are windows based, they have repaired my mac, no problem. thanks to ivan for always being there and making me feel like a valued customer. source : alana m. i have been very happy with them. i've used this particular store several times for booth actual repair and what turned out to be more like trouble shooting and i have been very happy with them. their resonable time to complete the job (and estimate of time to complete to actual completion) as well as knowledge, thoroughness, and trustworthiness (in my opinion i suppose) are among the reasons they are my current one and only choice for electronic repair of any kind. source : erica j. they have always done a great job i buy all my computers from discount electronics as well as send my computers there for repairs. they have always done a great job for an affordable price. most recently i bought a computer from them that "crapped out" after a month. i brought it back and they gave me another computer (same model) on the spot / no questions asked. where else can you get service like that? source : scott w. best in customer service and information. man! these folks are the best! manager matt g has gathered a group of knowledgeable, friendly pros who have excellent listening skills - they all do! special kudos to tony, accounting blonde person, john sr and john hair in repair. donpeg't forget martha - she's a doll. thanks, all, for the best in customer service and information. source : seaufy peg f. the service was great very friendly. the service was great very friendly. the atmosphere inside the store is really cool with lots of nice visual displays. there are some great deals to be had here if you know your electronics. hit or miss on finding a hidden gem deal, but always a fair price and tested products. i've had many positive experiences shopping here. source : paul d. reviews top category close × ! ok cancel footer start locations pflugerville warehouse 1007 south heatherwilde blvd. suite 500 pflugerville, tx 78660 512.637.5226 north austin computer sales 4005 w parmer ln suit d austin, tx 78757 512.983.9989 round rock computer sales 1001 south ih-35 round rock, tx 78664 512.637.7051 shop category laptops computers monitors apple products parts computer packages schools/large orders towers workstations shop by brand dell hp lenovo apple microsoft intel asus cisco nvidia logitech quick links press & awards reviews about us contact us locations blog electronics recycling warranty & returns privacy policy © 2025 discount electronics. all rights reserved. sitemap designed & developed by makkpress chat with us