来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250420034906/https://discountelectronics.com/business-accounts
================================================================================

business accounts: login or sign up for a business account locations contact us 512-459-0026 chat with us toggle menu compare close × account sign in or register close × electronics recycling search search search search electronics recycling laptops new laptop arrivals touchscreen and 2-in-1 laptops used toughbook rugged laptops ultrabooks business laptops gaming laptops high end laptops laptops by brand refurbished dell laptops refurbished hp laptops apple laptops refurbished lenovo laptops refurbished microsoft surface laptops by cpu dual core laptops core i3 laptops core i5 laptops core i7 laptops laptops by os windows 10 laptops windows 11 laptops windows 7 laptops laptops by price cheap laptops under $300 laptops under $500 laptops under $700 laptops under $900 laptops $900 and up laptop by screen size small laptops 13 inch laptops 14 inch laptops 15 inch laptops 17 inch laptops scratch and dent specials macbooks spanish laptops refurbished laptops computers windows 11 desktop computers refurbished computers micro and mini computers gaming computers computers by brand alienware dell computers used lenovo computers used hp computers computers by os windows 10 computers windows 11 computers windows 7 computers no operating system pcs computers by processor core i3 computers dual core computers xeon workstations core i5 computers core i7 pcs all in one desktop computers core i7 computers workstations and servers computer packages monitors 17 inch monitors dual monitors scratch and dent monitors square computer monitors 19 inch monitors 20 inch lcd monitors 22 inch computer monitors 23 inch monitors 24 inch lcd led monitors 25 inch and up monitors hdmi monitors used dell monitors vertical monitors used monitors clearance sale schools/large orders shop by brands dell hp lenovo apple microsoft intel asus cisco nvidia logitech customer reviews locations pflugerville warehouse 1007 south heatherwilde blvd. suite 500 pflugerville, tx 78660 512.637.5226 mon - fri 9am-4pm sat closed view map north austin computer sales 4005 w parmer ln suit d austin, tx 78727 512.983.9989 mon - sat 10am-7pm sun noon-5pm view map round rock computer sales 1001 south ih-35 round rock, tx 78664 512.637.7051 mon - sat 10am-7pm sun noon-5pm view map contact us 512-459-0026 chat with us sign in or register one year warranty us phone support open since 1997 4.9 google rating home business accounts business accounts - request a quote business accounts - sign up we pay top dollar for your old pc’s and peripherals. call for more information. contact tom in business services 512-572-1791 or email tom@discountelectronics.com call (512) 572-1791 or request a quote see what others are saying: view our testimonials b2b services discount electronics dedicated business services team proudly serves organizations of all types and sizes: large businesses, small to midsized businesses, start-ups, k-12, higher education, government and non-profit. our business team is positioned to offer you the best computer hardware, parts and accessories, designed to fit any budget. net 30 business and school financing available dedicated account manager familiar with you and the needs of your organization bulk pricing and volume order discounts purchase order account set-up technical expertise and know-how custom built systems to your exact specifications product procurement and sourcing for sold out or hard to find products call (512) 572-1791 or click to request a quote we pay top dollar for your old pc’s and peripherals. call for more information. testimonials clients across many industries benefit from discount electronics business services. discount electronics has saved our business thousands of dollars. do a price comparison between any refurbished laptop they offer and its "new" price online. you'll be stunned. in our case, we wound up saving 33% per laptop, while purchasing units that were twice as powerful. as an it manager for 100+ people, the 1-year warranty is invaluable. shipping broken laptops back to online vendors is a pain in the neck. but for us, those days are gone. de is right down the street and they send the laptops back fast, usually within a day or two. do yourself a favor and never buy a computer anywhere else! tucker c. it manager industry: auto dealership discount electronics has proven to be a solid and cost-effective solution for our technological needs. eugene has provided excellent and timely customer service throughout the ordering and support processes. our firm will continue to use discount electronics as our operations and technological needs expand. noah v. it manager industry: lawfirm quality dell systems with superior service. even with the hazards of cross-country shipping, discount electronics has stood behind their products with 100% customer satisfaction. when an upgrade is needed, the correct parts arrive in a timely fashion. when i mis-order something, my discount electronics rep (eugene terrell) will call me back within minutes to clarify. pricing is very good and the equipment performs beautifully. stephen w. chief technology officer industry: transportation & logistics i am writing to recommend the services and products offered by discountelectronics.com. our school district has been ordering parts from them since 2014. with funding for education being reduced in the state of indiana, we haven’t had the luxury of replacing our computers on a reasonable cycle. we were forced to look for alternative ways to keep technology moving forward in our district. discount electronics worked with us to open a credit account which allowed us to continue using our current purchase order process. that, along with their very reasonable prices, fast turnaround times and streamlined paperwork process, has allowed us to keep our computers functioning without extended down times, within budget, and with efficiency. therefore i am happy to recommend the services and products of discountelectronics.com. jana m. technology projects coordinator industry: k-12 education i felt it is necessary that i take a moment from my business schedule and reflect on the ongoing relationship we have with discount electronic during this current 2015-2016 school year. for starters, we are very pleased with the level of attention and service eugene terrell gives us here at buena vista. he has demonstrated an uncanny ability to go above and beyond normal service to insure that we receive the utmost care for our technological purchases. due to demographics restraint for our school district and the remote location in which buena vista resides it has been difficult for many previous vendors to give us the beneficial research and attention needed for our district to make cost efficient and calculated purchases. from laptops to promethean equipment, to simple technological brainstorming of ideas and/or advice, eugene has been an important asset that provides prompt responses, fair market pricing, product comparisons and in-depth knowledge which has bridged the gap to keep our technology department abreast on the latest innovation that can best help our staff and school district. we are grateful for the continued support and business and look forward to our future endeavors with mr. terrell and discount electronics. david w. technology director industry: k-12 education i was pretty skeptical about how inexpensive their equipment is, so i made a small purchase (usff desktop computer with monitor) to check the quality, but was very pleased when i received my items. i was able to receive them the next day and they took much care when packaging all of my items. customer service is probably one of the most important factors in continuing to work with any vendor and eugene terrell has taken great care of me and my company so now i’m a regular shopper at discount electronics. please feel free to contact me if you would like any more information regarding my experience with discount electronics. scott. k it manager industry: auto finance i am pleased to express my satisfaction with the level of service provided to us by discount electronics. a company may have a good product to sell but what makes that product great is the level of service and support after the sale. i would rate discount electronics 5 out of 5 stars for their level of service and support during and after the purchasing process. our sales representative does an outstanding job at facilitating the process for purchases or exchanges. email or phone inquiries are always addressed in a timely manner. it is this high level of services that has made my company a repeat customer with discount electronics. thank you! eugene b. it manager industry: healthcare our school purchased computers from discount electronics. the computers were purchased at a low price and came with a 1 year warranty at no extra cost. our sales manager eugene has been great to work with. he helped get our computers up and running. discount electronics has surpassed my expectations of customer service. i definitely recommend them and will be purchasing more equipment in the future. sonia e. it manager industry: education contact our business services team call (512) 572-1791 or click to request a quote close × ! ok cancel why choose us warranty warranty your purchase is covered by a one-year parts and labor warranty. all repairs are done in house by our qualified service technicians. service after the sale is what this company is all about. quality assurance quality assurance at discount electronics, we prioritize the quality and performance of all our refurbished laptops and desktops, ensuring they deliver top-notch durability and reliability. affordability affordability discount electronics offers you the chance to own high-quality refurbished laptops and desktops at a fraction of the cost of a brand-new device, making cutting-edge technology affordable for everyone. transparency transparency we provide detailed information about the configuration, specs, and included accessories for every refurbished laptop and desktop, empowering you to make well-informed decisions. variety variety check out our extensive selection of brands, configurations, and models. discount electronics caters to every need and preference, offering refurbished laptops and desktops to suit all requirements. sustainability sustainability by choosing a refurbished laptop or desktop from discount electronics, you're actively helping to reduce electronic waste and promoting sustainable consumption. footer start locations pflugerville warehouse 1007 south heatherwilde blvd. suite 500 pflugerville, tx 78660 512.637.5226 north austin computer sales 4005 w parmer ln suit d austin, tx 78757 512.983.9989 round rock computer sales 1001 south ih-35 round rock, tx 78664 512.637.7051 shop category laptops computers monitors apple products parts computer packages schools/large orders towers workstations shop by brand dell hp lenovo apple microsoft intel asus cisco nvidia logitech quick links press & awards reviews about us contact us locations blog electronics recycling warranty & returns privacy policy © 2025 discount electronics. all rights reserved. sitemap designed & developed by makkpress chat with us