来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171013204547/http://www.bargainstation.com/ContentPage/53-Terms-and-Conditions-of-Use
================================================================================

terms and conditions track your order about us become an affiliate customer service contact us free budget shipping get free budget shipping on qualified items where you see this icon: many items at bargainstation.com offer free budget shipping. plus, as with many of our competitors which do offer free shipping, we don't ask you to spend a specified amount in order to qualify for free budget shipping. how do i qualify for free budget shipping? 1. add the item(s) that qualifies for free budget shipping to your order’s shopping cart. 2. if a product has this icon: that product will qualify for free budget shipping regardless of its price. 3. proceed to checkout and select budget shipping as your shipping option (items will take an additional 7-10 business days to ship). 4. ship your item(s) to a valid u.s. address. 5. then, complete your order. it's that simple! free budget shipping excludes certain oversized and/or overweight items, and those products that do not include this icon: some items may be excluded: if certain items in your shopping cart are not eligible for budget shipping then budget shipping will not be available and thus the offer for free budget shipping will not apply. free budget shipping is not available for international orders. my account | log on checkout | 0 items - $0.00 your shopping cart is empty computers accessories components flash media networking peripherals systems notebooks tablets desktops electronics power center cables & connectivity audio / video auto / marine cameras children gps home audio office equipment phones point of sale (pos) portable audio security televisions miscellaneous software education & reference games business & home office home & hobbies photo/video/design security & utilities macintosh operating systems video games pc games xbox 360 xbox one playstation 3 playstation 4 nintendo wii nintendo wii u nintendo 3ds nintendo ds playstation 2 games other other for the home for the office crafts dvd movies blu-ray movies general merchandise gift ideas holiday items sports & outdoors home appliances pet products toys discounted product shop by brand home / terms and conditions my account shopping cart checkout log in terms and conditions welcome to the bargainstation.com website. by using the website and its related services, products, and software (the ‘site’), you agree to be bound by these terms (‘conditions of use’). you also accept the conditions of use when you create an account, sign in as a guest, or log in to the site please read the terms and conditions of use very carefully. by accessing or otherwise using the bargainstation.com website or mobile application(s) where applicable, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions of use and any other applicable end-user agreements. changes to the terms and conditions bargainstation.com may change these terms and conditions of use at any time, without prior notice. if you access the site after bargainstation.com posts a change, you accept that change. if you do not accept the change, do not access or use the site. you should check these terms and conditions of use periodically. copyright notice - access and use of a site this site is owned and operated by bargainstation.com. bargainstation.com claims all rights to the original works of bargainstation.com. unless stated otherwise, all works or materials appearing on this site, including the text, design, logos, images, icons, and graphics, as well as the selection, placement and design thereof, are the property of bargainstation.com. you may use the information or materials from this site solely for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order and for no other use. no works from bargainstation.com may be reproduced or copied without first obtaining the written consent of bargainstation.com. unauthorized use of any content on bargainstation.com may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. digital millennium copyright act notice agent to receive any notification(s) of claimed infringement: robert m. miller 280 opportunity way lagrange, ohio 44050 ph: 440.355.8008 restrictions on use of a site except as expressly authorized above, you may not copy, modify, distribute, download, display, transfer, post, or transmit the site or its content in any form without bargainstation.com ’ prior written permission. the following activities are also expressly prohibited without bargainstation.com ’ prior written permission: any non-personal or commercial use; use of any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy the site or any of its content; "mirroring" the site or any content on any other server; collection or use of product listings, descriptions, or prices for a supplier of competitive or comparable products; and any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the site or otherwise interferes with its functioning. posting and transmitting to a site except for information that is subject to the bargainstation.com privacy policy, bargainstation.com will not treat information you post or transmit to a site as confidential or proprietary. by sending information to bargainstation.com through a site (by transmitting, posting, or otherwise), you agree that bargainstation.com may use that information in any way, for any purpose, including bargainstation.com own commercial purposes, subject only to the bargainstation.com privacy policy. you may not post or transmit any threatening, defamatory, sexually graphic, inflammatory, profane, or other inappropriate material. bargainstation.com reserves the right to edit or remove any post or transmission that, in its judgment, is not appropriate. order processing you may track the status of your order by going to our order status page. credit card orders received before 12 pm eastern time on a business day will usually be processed that same day, subject to credit card approval. credit card orders received after 12 pm eastern time on a business day will usually be processed the following business day, subject to credit card approval. we will attempt to process all packages up to 3 pm et, but we cannot guarantee shipping. credit card orders received on weekends and holidays will usually be processed on the following business day. orders with different billing and shipping address may be delayed by a day because of verification requirements. we encourage our customers to use the same billing address for shipping as it speeds up the shipping process. order acceptance policy receiving an electronic or another type of order confirmation does not mean that bargainstation.com has accepted your order, nor does it signify confirmation of our offer to sell the item(s). bargainstation.com reserves the right at any time after receiving your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. bargainstation.com reserves the right at any time after receiving your order, without providing prior notice to you, to provide or supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. bargainstation.com may also require additional information or verification(s) before accepting or processing any order. please note: orders of $500 or more will require a signed authorization form prior to releasing the order. (the form requires acrobat reader). orders over $1000 must ship to the verified billing address. the products, prices, system requirements (if software) and the product contents for each product on bargainstation.com supercede all other listings, descriptions, advertisements, or any other promotion on search engines and/or directories, shopping services, and shopping comparison engines, etc. the aforementioned covers any previous advertisements, promotions, listings, etc. bargainstation.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to the aforementioned sites, listings, or advertisements, (including but not limited to, the site's contents, information, operation, materials, and works) including, but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or use. bargainstation.com is not responsible for any pricing, typographical errors, or incorrect information displayed regarding price, product contents, or technical/system requirements on search engines and/or directories, shopping services, and shopping comparison engines, etc. please research your purchase carefully on bargainstation.com before completing your order. please note: bargainstation.com does not offer price protection, due to the nature of our business, the price you pay today may be different at a later date. typographical errors if an item is listed at an incorrect price because of a typographical error or an error in the pricing information provided to us by one of bargainstation.com 's suppliers, we shall have the right to cancel or refuse any/all orders that are placed for items listed at the incorrect price. bargainstation.com shall also have the right to cancel or refuse any/all such orders whether or not the order was confirmed and your credit card has been charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, bargainstation.com shall post a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price you were charged. product availability & pricing all titles currently in stock are listed on our web site. if you don't find a particular product in your search, we don't currently have it in stock. bargainstation.com is updated on a regular basis. all prices and product availability are subject to change without notice. please note, bargainstation.com doesn't offer price protection. due to the nature of our business, the price you pay today may be different at a later date. unless stated, prices do not include shipping and applicable sales taxes. product quantities may be limited. some items may have a limit on the number of units that can be purchased per order. list price refers to manufacturer's original suggested retail price and may be different than the actual selling prices in your area. shopping cart contents are price protected for 2 hours from the time they are added to the shopping cart. bargainstation.com reserves the right to remove any item from your shopping cart after 14 days and/or while supplies last for that item. getting a price quote: our secure on-line shopping cart system can also be used to get a price quote for a product. simply place the item(s) in your cart and proceed to checkout. select the preferred shipping method you desire. our system will automatically calculate the total cost of your order. you can even experiment with different shipping methods and your price will be updated automatically. return policy not all orders can be canceled we cannot guarantee that your order can be cancelled before it ships. lost packages or deliveries - must be reported within 15 days of the purchase date. if an order shipped is deemed by the shipping company to have been refused or undeliverable, the return shipping charge, based on shipping cost we had to pay to ship the package back to fulfillment center will be charged to the customer. return requests customers are responsible for determining if the product(s) ordered suits their needs. returns must be requested within 15 days of purchase, have all original packaging and parts. claims of defective or - not as described - must be submitted within 14 days after the delivery date and as part of the original return request. claims of damaged must be requested within 24 hours of delivery. all returns must be pre-approved and be issued a rma (return merchandise authorization) number. the customer must return the item that was authorized and originally purchased from us. unauthorized returns will be considered abandoned and will not be refunded. there is a restocking fee of $5.00 or 20%* per item, whichever is greater, on all returned items. the restocking fee also applies to refused orders, orders returned due to incomplete or incorrect addresses or returned as undeliverable by the shipping company. substantiated claims of defect, damaged, or - not as described - are eligible to receive waiver of the restocking fee. in the event of an unsubstantiated claim, the return will be considered an unwanted item. some select items that have become damaged through use or misuse, are now missing parts, not in the original condition, or have obvious signs of use, a restocking fee from 50% - 80% of the purchase price. this includes motherboards and computer components that have had bent or damaged pins/contacts. the manufacturers of these items assure they are properly aligned prior to packaging the items. rebated items cannot have been submitted for rebates - all forms and proof of purchase materials must be returned. the upc bar code and/or rebate sticker must be intact on the box. returned materials must be received within 15 days of the issuance of the rma. the rma will expire, and will not be reissued, extended, or renewed. we do not provide return shipping. customers are responsible for ensuring the shipment arrives at the return location. some items are not returnable to us. items with manufacturer warranties, software that has been opened or activated, items in which opening the package results in damage to security seals or the packaging itself, and electronic devices of any kind including, but not limited to computers, laptops, tablets, printers, phones and related equipment, monitors, projectors, screens, display devices, televisions, video players, memory, storage devices, music players, cameras, copy machines, laminators, calculators, scanners, gps units, bags, skins, cables, pelican cases, and any kind of pos equipment (scanners, card readers, cash registers, register displays, and cash drawers, etc). in the case of these and other items, the manufacturer's warranty will have to be used to resolve any issues. many items, if opened, are either not returnable. these items may include software, consumables such as ink, paper, films, tape, batteries, labels, blank media, bulbs and similar items. all prices and product availability are subject to change without notice. we don't offer price protection, and does not offer price matching to other sellers or companies pricing before or after a sales. shipping is non-refundable. items returned that shipped with free shipping will have shipping charges deducted from refund. privacy policy bargainstation.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. the following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site: bargainstation.com. this site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to deliver content specific to your interests. this site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (e.g. their name and email address). bargainstation.com uses customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. the customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor or user when necessary. in order to best serve our customers, we may send updates that contain important information about bargainstation.com products and services. we may also communicate with a customer to provide requested services and for account-related issues via e-mail. all emails including, but not limited to, promotional emails will only be sent by bargainstation.com. we do not sell subscriber e-mail addresses nor are they used by third-parties to send emails to our subscribers. in addition to product or service related email messages, we also send our subscribers promotional emails two times per week that contain our current specials on products and other promotional offers at bargainstation.com . users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. this site contains links to other sites. bargainstation.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. security: this site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. choice/opt-out: this site gives users the option to remove their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. change/modify: this site gives users the following option for changing and modifying information previously provided. personal information privacy the information gathered by bargainstation.com during the order process is for the purposes of processing orders and providing updates on the status of your order. bargainstation.com will disclose your personal information to third parties to charge your credit card, process your order, ship your order, offer customer service and provide you with a credit. for example, your card-issuing bank must be given your personal credit card information for payment confirmation. bargainstation.com must also disclose to parcel delivery services your address and telephone information in order to ship and deliver the items that you ordered. bargainstation.com does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. bargainstation.com may be required by judicial authorities or other law enforcement agencies to provide personal information. bargainstation.com will disclose personal information upon receipt of a subpoena, court order or in cooperation with a law enforcement investigation. law enforcement agencies will have the full cooperation of bargainstation.com in identifying individuals or groups who use the services of bargainstation.com for illegal activities. bargainstation.com also reserves the right to report any activities that we may believe to be unlawful to law enforcement agencies. warranties, disclaimers and limitation liability all products sold by bargainstation.com is guaranteed against defects for 30 days from the invoice date. the product(s)defective may be replaced only pursuant to the terms in the information center of this site. except as expressly stated in the information center of this site, bargainstation.com . makes no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to products sold by bargainstation.com , including, but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or use. in no event shall bargainstation.com , its officers, directors, employees and/or other representatives be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, indirect, compensatory, special, consequential, punitive, and/or incidental damages related to the products sold. bargainstation.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to the bargainstation.com site, (including but not limited to, the site's contents, information, operation, materials, and works) including, but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose or use. in no event shall bargainstation.com , its officers, directors, employees and/or other representatives be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, indirect, compensatory, special, consequential, punitive, and/or incidental damages related to or resulting from the bargainstation.com site, including but not limited to, the site's content, information, operation, materials and works. notwithstanding the above, customer agrees that its exclusive remedy for all damages, losses and cause of actions against bargainstation.com , its officers, directors, employees and/or other representatives whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise shall not exceed the price (excluding shipping, taxes and duties) of the product that was ordered by that customer in the related transaction. bargainstation.com is not responsible for any typographical errors. please research your purchase carefully. prices and product availability are subject to change without notice. termination of use we may, in our sole discretion, terminate your account or your use of the site at any time. you are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. we may change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspects of the site at any time without prior notice. applicable law the laws in the court(s) of lorain county, ohio. will govern the terms and conditions of use without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. you agree that any legal action against bargainstation.com et al, must be brought in ohio. if you have any questions about our terms & conditions of use (i.e. privacy policy statement, etc), you can contact: www.bargainstation.com spacebound, inc. 280 opportunity way lagrange, ohio 44050 united states contact us customer service technical support become an affiliate view all brands quick help shipping methods track your order rebate inquiry company info about us privacy statement careers terms & conditions stay connected subscribe to newsletter we accept: © 1995 - 2017 spacebound, inc. all rights reserved. all product and brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.