来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228050724/https://www.mackweldon.com/faq
================================================================================

mack weldon | smart underwear for smart guys. men's underwear, t-shirts, and socks sorry, you are using an unsupported browser. windows (desktop) internet explorer - we support version 10 or above. edge - we support edgehtml 13 or above. firefox - we support version 29 or above. chrome - we support version 23 or above. opera - we support version 30 or above. mac (desktop) safari - we support version 5 or above. chrome - we support version 16 or above. firefox - we support version 29 or above. opera - we support version 17 or above. ios (iphone/ipod) make sure you are running ios 6 or above. x home underwear boxer briefs trunks briefs boxers long underwear undershirts crew neck v-neck tanks socks high low tops t-shirts polos sweatshirts jacket bottoms pants shorts tight accessories backpack weekender travel kit wallet hat swim board short trunk underwear shops silver airknitx merino sign in faq our story gift cards recycle contact shipping & returns blog legal loyalty reviews careers toggle navigation our story log in register underwear boxer briefs trunks briefs boxers long underwear shop all undershirts crew neck v-neck tanks shop all socks high low shop all tops t-shirts polos sweatshirts jacket shop all bottoms pants shorts tight shop all accessories backpack weekender travel kit wallet hat shop all swim board short trunk underwear shop all shops silver airknitx merino shop all 10% off $ 100 · 10% off 20% off $ 200 · 20% off free $ 50 · free shipping buy more, save more. we don't believe in sales; we believe in rewards. every additional item in your cart means you're getting a better deal. consider it our way of saying “thanks." has just been added to your cart. continue shopping checkout so far you've saved off your order faq how do i make a return/exchange? to process a return or exchange, login into your account and head over to orders & returns. select the order you want to exchange/return and follow the 3-step process. how do i exchange a gift i received? for all holiday gifts, our standard 30-day return policy is extended until january 31st. to process an exchange, follow the 3-step process below. if you have a mack weldon account, you can skip to step two. all gift returns are given store credit, so you'll need a mack weldon account and you can create one here. complete the gift return form found under account and we'll reply within 2-3 business days with a pre-paid shipping label and other instructions. store credit will be added to your account after the item(s) have been received at our warehouse. do you have a loyalty program? yes, it’s called weldon blue. it’s full of insider perks, savings, and bragging rights. click here to learn all about entering the program and the different levels. how does the try on guarantee work? you can't really know how great mack weldon underwear feels until you try it on, and we're confident you'll agree that it's like nothing else in your drawer. if you disagree, we'll issue a refund or store credit for the first pair you tried on so you can try a different size or style, on us. for merino long underwear and airknitx performance tights, the try on guarantee only offers store credit for an exchange. the try on guarantee is available within 30 days of purchase. to claim a try on guarantee, go to your account section -> orders & returns and choose the appropriate order. from there, you'll see instructions for how to claim a try on guarantee. who is mack weldon? mack weldon is about the fusion between old-school quality and modern day technology. during our brand creation, we discovered weldon, an early 20th century underwear company in both marketing and product design - very similar to the brand we were creating. we embraced the name, flipped it a bit and made it ours. what's the difference? it’s all about the fabric and construction. we use lenzing modal® (made of 100% natural beechwood) which is anti-microbial (prevents odor), manages moisture and keeps you cool. when blended with cotton it actually creates a softer, more luxurious feel.  seams are designed to stretch and recover, and we use different materials to keep you comfortable where it counts (18-hour jersey, micro pique cool zones, stretch rib between legs). the 18-hour jersey our signature blend of long staple cotton, lenzing modal and lycra, is our choice for all undershirts and classic underwear styles. the result? we believe it’s simply the softest most comfortable underwear on the market today. to ensure the least amount of garment shrinkage, the fabric is allowed to rest peacefully, unrolled for 18 hours before cutting and sewing. daily performance wear mack weldon is designed "for daily wear" but many of our wearers loved how the product performed in the gym and on the court. it's meant to fit close to the body, but never tight or restrictive so it's a good balance of compression and long-term comfort. as for the undershirts, the cotton/modal blend wicks moisture and keeps everything cool on hot days. so, while not designed specifically to wear for sport, it's nice to know that you can. labels on the outside when designing the line, we were inspired by some vintage military issue product that had print on the outside of the garment for easy sorting and identification by the wearer. so there is some purpose there that we thought was unique/relevant. also, we didn't want the lettering to come between your skin and the soft 18-hour jersey. what are the payment options? we accept credit cards backed by the major providers on our website: visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. unfortunately we cannot accept some debit cards. if you are having trouble checking out, please email us at hello@mackweldon.com so we can help. apple pay: if you have an iphone with apple pay enabled you can pay using apple pay from either your desktop or phone. on the desktop, you must have macos sierra or above; on ios, you must be running ios 11 or above. apple pay is not supported if you visited our website through an in-app browser, like facebook's in-app browser. paypal: we accept paypal on our website (desktop or mobile). if you have a balance in your paypal account, your paypal balance will be used first before your backup funding source (which you will select at the time of purchase). funds are always used from your paypal balance first; you are not given a choice to use or not use your paypal balance. however, the paypal window you see may incorrectly lead you to believe you are paying from your credit card or bank first, even when you have a paypal balance. (even though the purchase screen does not give you an option to not use your paypal balance, it is always used first if it exists in your account at the time of your purchase. we regret the confusion caused by this interaction with paypal as it is out of our control.) what’s buy more, save more? you don’t need a promo or discount code to save. the more you buy, the more you’ll save. when you spend $100, you’ll get 10% off and orders over $200 receive 20% off. ​ what size should i buy? our product is made in one factory so fit should be accurate and consistent.  find the style and size you like, it will be just the same next time you order. if you have questions you can email us your measurements along with how you like to wear your t's and underwear at hello@mackweldon.com. every product has their own size chart. you can locate it on the right side, under the color and sizing options. click on 'view size chart', a pop-up will appear, and you can use the tabs on top to find the product you need. t - shirt mack weldon t’s are standard fit ­­– not too loose or too tight. made to wear on their own, they are designed for comfort. choose your usual t-shirt size. if you like a more relaxed fit or are between sizes, just go up a size. undershirt mack weldon undershirts have an engineered slim fit­, not tight, but cut close to the body for maximum comfort, movement and shape when worn under a dress shirt or sweater. they are also a bit longer so they stay tucked in.  choose your usual size. if you are between sizes, please reference the size chart to ensure the right size. underwear our range of boxer briefs, trunks, and briefs are cut close to the body. choose your usual size.  if you fall between sizes, please reference the size chart to ensure the right size. socks these are one size fits all. where is mack weldon made? mack weldon is designed in new york and our warehouse and fulfillment center is in massachusetts. our gear is manufactured and sourced in wrap certified factories across the globe, including thailand, peru. china and vietnam. wrap is an independent, objective, non-profit team of global social compliance experts dedicated to promoting safe, lawful, humane, and ethical manufacturing around the world through certification and education. the factories are also iso certified with high quality management systems, ensuring that our products are manufactured in the best way possible to create outstanding results. what if i need to speak to someone? drop us a line at hello@mackweldon.com, we’d love to hear from you. generally we can respond within 24 hours to emails sent monday-friday. however sometimes it may take a bit longer, so we ask for your patience - rest assured we will get back to you. what is silver xt2? xt2™ is a fiber created by combining pure silver with cotton. the silver's natural antimicrobial and anti-odor qualities are woven throughout the entire product. it is not a chemical formula or finish treatment, so it never washes out. don't worry, you can wear silver through a metal detector. however, don't wear it through an mri or other highly-sensitive machines. when do you restock colors? we introduce new underwear colors 6 to 7 times a year, and less often for other products. true black, blue night, bright white and cloud burst are "core colors" that don't change. the other colors are seasonal and are not restocked. so if you see a color you like, order it today because it will sell out soon. how long will it take to receive my order? 3-7 business days for standard shipping via usps. 2-3 business days for expedited shipping via fedex ground to the east coast 4-5 business days for expedited shipping via fedex ground to the west coast orders marked for next day shipping before 12pm est will arrive the next business day. how does the recycle program work? mack weldon recycles is an opportunity to clean out your drawers for a good cause. you can recycle anything that is past its prime, including underwear, t-shirts, socks, sweats, even shoes and accessories. we provide a pre-paid shipping label and you can pack any box you'd like. all items are sanitized and sorted at our partner's recycling center in pa, and redistributed to those in need across the united states or any of 50 countries abroad. any items beyond wearable use are deconstructed into insulation and other recycled compounds. you can track how much impact you're having on your recycling dashboard in your account section. you do need a mack weldon account to take part in the program. you can create an account here: https://www.mackweldon.com/signup you can get started and learn more here: https://www.mackweldon.com/recycle do store credits expire? store credit issued as part of the referral program or a promotional campaign are valid for 90 days after they're issued.  store credit issued for a return or exchange are valid for 60 days after they're issued. how does the referral program work? telling friends about mack weldon is win-in. you get $20 in store credit for each friend you refer, and they receive a nice discount on their first order. credits will appear in your account up to 3 days after your friend makes their purchase using your unique referral link. for full terms, please see the "terms & conditions" link in the "track referrals" page within your account. do you handle international orders? currently we can ship orders placed through our website to the us and canada. we are working to expand to ship worldwide in the future. what are the rules for virtual gift cards? gift cards do not expire, cannot be replaced or refunded if lost or stolen, cannot be returned and cannot be exchanged for cash except where required by law. store credit, promo codes and other discounts may not be used to purchase gift cards. we reserve the right to revoke gift cards which were purchased fraudulently. be wary of gift cards sold on ebay for less than the gift card amount. often, these gift cards were purchased fraudulently. we cannot be responsible if you are the victim of this kind of scam. you should report fraudulent gift cards to ebay's support department. the purchase of a gift card itself is non-taxable, but when you use the gift card the items you purchase may be taxable. if they are, tax will be assessed on your purchase at the time you use the gift card. (the money on the gift card can be used to pay for goods, shipping, or tax.) where can i find a promo code? where can i find a promo code? the "apply promo code" option within our checkout flow facilitates returns or exchanges for current customers. we don’t believe promo codes offer the best value for new customers because we don’t think you should have to search the internet for codes that most often don’t work. instead, we created the savings meter, so you can save whenever you’re ready to stock up: the savings meter gets you: free shipping on domestic orders over $50 10% off orders over $100 20% off orders over $200 these discounts are applied automatically as you shop, no need for any promo codes. plus, after you place your first order you'll earn a spot in our loyalty program, weldon blue. as a member, you’ll have free us shipping on all orders, plus the 10% and 20% discounts. lock in the 20% discount on all orders of any value after spending a total of $200, at once or over several orders. learn more about weldon blue here. we don't partner with any coupon or discount websites, and promo codes posted on them are posted without our permission and cannot be honored. mack weldon is reinventing men’s basics. we believe in smart design, premium fabrics, and simple shopping. join our mailing list faq our story gift cards recycle contact shipping & returns blog legal loyalty reviews careers © 2018 mack weldon all rights reserved