来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191228201342/https://mackweldon.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | mack weldon - reinventing men's basics free shipping on orders over $50 & loyalty perks search bestsellers underwear style boxer briefs trunks briefs boxers long underwear fabric 18-hour jersey silver airknitx activity everyday active cold weather shop all underwear socks style high low activity everyday dress active shop all socks tops undershirts tees tanks t-shirts crew neck v-neck long sleeve shirts polos button-ups outerwear sweatshirts pullovers jackets & vests activity everyday active cold weather shop all tops bottoms style pants shorts swim activity everyday active lounge shop all bottoms accessories bags & wallets large bags small bags wallets outerwear hats scarves gloves extras slippers gift card activity everyday travel cold weather shop all accessories my account close bestsellers underwear style boxer briefs trunks briefs boxers long underwear fabric 18-hour jersey silver airknitx activity everyday active cold weather shop all underwear socks style high low activity everyday dress active shop all socks tops undershirts tees tanks t-shirts crew neck v-neck long sleeve shirts polos button-ups outerwear sweatshirts pullovers jackets & vests activity everyday active cold weather shop all tops bottoms style pants shorts swim activity everyday active lounge shop all bottoms accessories bags & wallets large bags small bags wallets outerwear hats scarves gloves extras slippers gift card activity everyday travel cold weather shop all accessories search close account cart 0 your order qualifies for a gift—congrats! your order has dropped below $100, so it no longer qualifies for a gift. ${ item.title } color: ${ item.color } size: ${ item.size } free ${ item.price } continue to checkout free shipping on orders over $50 your order qualifies for a gift—congrats! your order has dropped below $100, so it no longer qualifies for a gift. ${ item.title } color: ${ item.color } size: ${ item.size } free ${ item.price } free shipping 10% 20% you’re earning 20% off and free shipping as a level two member of weldon blue. ${ params.message } total: checkout popular searches ace sweatpants boxer briefs airknitx socks search privacy policy mack weldon privacy policy effective september 9, 2019 this privacy policy describes how mack weldon, inc. (“mack weldon” or “we” or “us”) collects, shares, and otherwise treats the information that we collect through our website located at www.mackweldon.com (the “site”) and how we use that information. this privacy policy does not apply to any information that we collect by other means. this privacy policy applies to the services and products offered by mack weldon, as well as any other applications, content or features that we may from time to time offer on our website. please read this privacy policy carefully and review it often because it may change.  by using this website, establishing an account, or accepting the terms of use, you agree to this privacy policy. 1. the types of information that we collect we collect two types of information from visitors to our website: personal data and non-personal data.  personal data includes any information which, either alone or in combination with other information we hold about you, identifies you as an individual, including, for example, your name, postal address, email address and telephone number. if you purchase our products or services, we request certain personal data from you on our order form so that we can fulfill those purchases of products or services from our website. this includes information such as: your name email address phone number shipping address financial information, such as a credit card number and its expiration date we use the personal data that we collect for billing purposes and to fill your orders. if we have trouble processing an order, we also will use this information to contact you.  if you choose to establish an account and become a registered user of the site, we may collect personal data about you including: your name email address phone number birth date gender shipping address billing addresses financial information, such as a credit card number and its expiration date, to facilitate future purchases you might make. in addition, if you contact us by email through our website, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence. you have a right to access information held about you, which can be exercised in accordance with various legal requirements, including those under pipeda. any access request must be in writing, sent to our vice president, finance & operations at privacy@mackweldon.com.  if at any time you would like to change your personal data, or if you no longer wish to receive materials from us or would like your personal information removed from our database, please contact us at privacy@mackweldon.com. alternatively, if you receive materials from us by email you can make use of the "unsubscribe" provision in our communications so that we know that you no longer wish to receive any materials from us. like most websites, our website may incorporate “pixel tags”, “web beacons”, or similar tracking technologies and “cookies” that allow us to track the actions of visitors of our website. pixel tags and cookies are used to collect non-personal data, such as the name of your internet service provider, the ip address of the computer you are using, the type of browser software and operating system that you use, the date and time you access our website, the website address, if any, from which you linked directly to our website, the website address, if any, to which you travel from our website, your home page customization preferences, a general geographic location (such as country and city) from which you accessed our website, and other similar traffic-related information. we may aggregate your information with similar data collected from other visitors to help us improve our website and the products, services, applications, content and features that we provide through our website. this information may be combined with other information about you, including personal data. 2. purposes for collecting the information we gather we will only process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. we need certain personal data in order to provide you with access to our products and services.  with your consent via the establishment of an account, we may use your email address and any other personal data that you provide to us (such as demographic and transaction information) to respond to you and to send you marketing materials for our own products and services. you maintain the right to withdraw such consent at any time. 3. sharing your personal data by establishing an account with us, you agree that you are providing your consent that allows us to share your personal data with our third-party service providers that assist us with our marketing efforts and with other marketers whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you. mack weldon also participates in marketing cooperatives. as part of our participation in these marketing cooperatives, we may disclose your name and postal address (but not your email address or payment card information) so that other select reputable companies can mail you information about their products that may interest you. if you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please opt-out by updating your “my profile” preferences here: my profile. mack weldon (a) follows the principles and guidelines of the digital advertising alliance (daa) related to online and mobile advertising (including the daa appchoices program) and (b) complies with the cross-industry enhanced notice standard as set forth in the self-regulatory program for online behavioral advertising.  although we do not have a mobile app, on our mobile website we collect the information listed in section 1 of this policy.  we may share that information with third-party service providers as described earlier in this section.  you may opt out of receiving targeted ads based on the information we collect from you.  if you do not want to receive such ads, you may opt-out by visiting either of the following sites: nai – http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ daa – http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ we also reserve the right to provide such information to our employees, contractors, agents, and designees to the extent necessary to enable them to perform certain services for us, including order fulfillment and website-related services such as web hosting, to improve website-related services and features, to perform maintenance services, and to distribute advertisements and other marketing materials on our behalf. we also reserve the right to disclose any personal data that we collect to any third party if we believe that we are required to do so for any or all of the following reasons: (i) to comply with the law; (ii) to comply with legal processes or governmental requests; (iii) to prevent, investigate, detect, or prosecute criminal offenses or attacks on the technical integrity of our website or our network; and/or (iv) to protect the rights, property, safety and security of mack weldon and its employees, our website visitors, and/or the public. 4. anonymous data when we use the term “anonymous data,” we are referring to data and information that does not permit you to be identified or identifiable, either alone or when combined with any other information available to a third party. we may create anonymous data from the personal data we receive about you and other individuals whose personal data we collect. anonymous data might include analytics information and information collected by us using cookies.  we make personal data into anonymous data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.  we use this anonymous data to analyses usage patterns in order to make improvements to our services. 5. we are committed to making sure your information is protected our physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards meet or exceed current federal standards regarding the protection of customer information. we also require contractors and outside companies who work with us to adhere to strict privacy standards through their contracts with us. unfortunately, no security system, or system of transmitting data over the internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. consequently, while we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of our servers, the means by which information is transmitted between your computer and our servers, or any information provided to us or to any third party through or in connection with the website. any information that you provide to us is done so entirely at your own risk. 6. international visitors if you are visiting from the european union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your personal information outside the country in which you reside, including, but not limited to the united states, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world.  your personal data may be transferred for processing and storage by mack weldon and our affiliates and third parties. by providing your personal data you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this privacy policy. 7. retention we will only retain your personal data as long reasonably required for you to use our site and provide you with our services unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (for example for regulatory purposes). 8. we reserve the right to update and revise this privacy policy at any time from time to time we review this privacy policy to ensure that it complies with applicable law. consequently, we reserve the right to update and revise this privacy policy at any time. you will know if this privacy policy has been revised since your last visit to the website by referring to the "effective date of current policy" date at the top of this page. your use of our website constitutes your acceptance of the terms of the privacy policy as amended or revised by us from time to time, and you should, therefore, review this privacy policy regularly to ensure that you are aware of its terms. 9. in the event we engage in a business combination, we reserve the right to transfer any information that we collect through our website if we sell all or any part of our business or sell or transfer all or a material part of our assets or are otherwise involved in a merger or other transfer or disposition of any part our business, we reserve the right to access, transfer or disclose any and all information that we collect from our website’s visitors, or that we otherwise collect in connection with the website, to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. 10. our website may contain links to other websites please be aware that we are not and cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any websites that you access through our website and that this privacy policy applies solely to the information which we collect through our website. we encourage you to ensure that you read the privacy statements of all the destination websites that you visit. our story careers the store loyalty corporate gifting help shipping returns gift card contact us terms privacy policy sign up for exclusive offers, product news,and loyalty rewards email thanks for signing up. we'll see you in your inbox. there was an error with your submission. our story careers the store loyalty corporate gifting help shipping returns gift card contact us terms privacy policy terms privacy policy © 2020 mack weldon. all rights reserved. asphalt, bluecrest, black, blue haze, blue night, blue yonder, bright white, charcoal heather, cloud burst, crimson, crimson heather, dark forest, dark marl grey, dark rum, desert heather, duffle bag green, firestarter, gold coast, grey heather, harvest, husk, indigo heather, navy heather, nine iron, no fear red, red clay, red clay marl, sand heather, seamaster, sharkskin, smokey mountain, stonewash, storm heather, total eclipse blue, total eclipse, true black, weldon blue, whisper white, wild plum, plum heather, spruce heather, gargoyle, moonstruck, laurel canyon, cactus, sandstorm, covert green, monument grey, indigo, black sky, rum swizzle, true navy, nine iron heather, birch, tornado grey, aegean blue, alloy, sun dried tomato, navy, bijou blue, camo green, walnut, stealth grey, coronado blue, cendre blue, metro blue, blue moon, medium grey heather, aquifer, warrior red, bright cobalt, aquatic, matcha green, cliff, rescue orange, taxi, blue heather, bluelight, grey heather pocket, desert heather pocket, ember pocket, summit blue pocket, rust pocket, forever blue, ember, cava, rum swizzle pocket, mariner, dean blue pocket, true black pocket, total eclipse blue pocket, monument grey pocket, airstream pocket, open skies pocket, red brick pocket, yew pocket, aegean blue heather, brown heather, charcoal, mai tai, kentucky blue heather, haute red, parish blue, purple dye, redwood heather, russet heather, yew, black donegal, charcoal donegal, strong blue, calder blue, russet, purple fog, rust, dean blue, red fern, dried fig, summit blue, red brick, open skies, goldcoast, port, mushroom heather, sunkissed, covert green heather, port heather, taxi heather, shades of grey, shades of blue, cactus heather, americana, sequoia, walnut heather, monument, racing blue, petrol, hunt green, pinot noir, blue haze / weldon blue, true navy / rescue orange, cool heathers, dried fig heather, skydiver heather, anthracite heather, blue, arcade red, frost, red, porto, asphalt heather, mixed colors, red, grey heather / dean blue, bright white / warrior red, true navy / grey heather, graphite heather, malbec heather, monument / weldon blue, mobile blue, rum heather, sergeant, purple smoke, porto heather, riptide heather, yew heather, steel, indigo dye, infantry, bluelight heather, thunder heather, rescue orange heather, airstream, motorboat, seagrass, plum heather, royal palm, blue glass, wild mushroom, newport blue, moss heather, deep purple heather, cork, charcoal heather | infantry, grey heather | red fern, total eclipse | indigo dye, primary, riptide, mixed heathers, asphalt / total eclipse, true navy / charcoal heather, sergeant / true black, spring, brights, navy space dye, total eclipse / petrol, duffle space dye ||s:small,||m:medium,||l:large,||xl:xlarge,||xxl:xxlarge did you know that your internet browser is out of date? x your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. you can update your browser from the link below. download the latest version of your prefered browser