来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201225010419/https://mackweldon.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | mack weldon - reinventing men's basics free shipping on orders over $50 & loyalty perks search search icon shop skip title shop all new arrivals bestsellers gift shop underwear boxer briefs trunks briefs boxers long underwear shop all underwear tops undershirts t-shirts polos button ups sweaters & sweatshirts jackets & vests shop all tops bottoms pants shorts swim trunks & shorts shop all bottoms accessories gift cards socks slippers bags & wallets hats gloves & scarves masks shop all accessories shop masks featured skip title new arrivals best sellers gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gifts over $100 by activities daily wear lounge & sleep weekday & work weekend & travel active gift shop weekend & travel lounge & sleep user icon account log in loyalty program clothing donation x-icon close shop skip title shop all new arrivals bestsellers gift shop underwear boxer briefs trunks briefs boxers long underwear shop all underwear tops undershirts t-shirts polos button ups sweaters & sweatshirts jackets & vests shop all tops bottoms pants shorts swim trunks & shorts shop all bottoms accessories gift cards socks slippers bags & wallets hats gloves & scarves masks shop all accessories shop masks featured skip title new arrivals best sellers gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gifts over $100 by activities daily wear lounge & sleep weekday & work weekend & travel active gift shop weekend & travel lounge & sleep search icon search x-icon close search icon user icon account log in loyalty program clothing donation cart 0 opens cart drawer close your order qualifies for a gift—congrats! your order has dropped below , so it no longer qualifies for a gift. continue to checkout free shipping on orders over $50 you’re earning 20% off and free shipping as a level two member of weldon blue. ${ params.message } $0 $50 $100 $200 you qualified for free shipping you qualified for 10% off and free shipping you qualified for  20% off and free shipping close your order qualifies for a gift—congrats! your order has dropped below , so it no longer qualifies for a gift. ${message} ${ getproducttitle(item.title, false) } (bundle) size: ${ item.properties.variants[0].size } ${ variant.producttitle } color: ${ variant.color } size: ${ variant.size } minus plus free $${ item.price } ${ getproducttitle(item.title) } ${ item.color } / ${ item.size } minus plus free ${ item.price } save for later remove recipient name: recipient email: date to sent: ${updatedateformat(value)} ${value} you may also like silver extended crew dress sock true black dot / one size ${btntext} $24.00 saved for later ${ getproducttitle(item.title) } ${ item.color } / ${ item.size } free ${ item.price } move to cart remove total: checkout popular searches ace sweatpants boxer briefs airknitx socks search search icon privacy policy mack weldon privacy policy effective august 22, 2020 this privacy policy describes how mack weldon, inc. (“mack weldon” or “we” or “us”) collects, shares, and otherwise treats the information that we collect through our website located at www.mackweldon.com (the “site”) and how we use that information. this privacy policy does not apply to any information that we collect by other means. this privacy policy applies to the services and products offered by mack weldon, as well as any other applications, content or features that we may from time to time offer on our website. please read this privacy policy carefully and review it often because it may change.  by using this website, establishing an account, or accepting the terms of use, you agree to this privacy policy. table of contents the types of information that we collect purposes for collecting the information we gather sharing your personal data your choices anonymous data we are committed to making sure your information is protected international visitors children retention changes to this privacy policy transfer of you information other websites how to contact us your california privacy rights under the ccpa the types of information that we collect we collect two types of information from visitors to our website: personal data and non-personal data.  personal data includes any information which, either alone or in combination with other information we hold about you, identifies you as an individual, including, for example, your name, postal address, email address and telephone number. if you purchase our products or services, we request certain personal data from you on our order form so that we can fulfill those purchases of products or services from our website. this includes information such as: your name email address phone number shipping address financial information, such as a credit card number and its expiration date we use the personal data that we collect for billing purposes and to fill your orders. if we have trouble processing an order, we also will use this information to contact you.  if you choose to establish an account and become a registered user of the site, we may collect personal data about you including: your name email address phone number birth date gender shipping address billing addresses financial information, such as a credit card number and its expiration date, to facilitate future purchases you might make. in addition, if you contact us by email through our website, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence. you have a right to access information held about you, which can be exercised in accordance with various legal requirements, including those under pipeda. any access request must be in writing, sent to our vice president, finance & operations at privacy@mackweldon.com.  if at any time you would like to change your personal data, or if you no longer wish to receive materials from us or would like your personal information removed from our database, please contact us at privacy@mackweldon.com. alternatively, if you receive materials from us by email you can make use of the "unsubscribe" provision in our communications so that we know that you no longer wish to receive any materials from us. like most websites, our website may incorporate “pixel tags”, “web beacons”, or similar tracking technologies and “cookies” that allow us to track the actions of visitors of our website. pixel tags and cookies are used to collect non-personal data, such as the name of your internet service provider, the ip address of the computer you are using, the type of browser software and operating system that you use, the date and time you access our website, the website address, if any, from which you linked directly to our website, the website address, if any, to which you travel from our website, your home page customization preferences, a general geographic location (such as country and city) from which you accessed our website, and other similar traffic-related information. we may aggregate your information with similar data collected from other visitors to help us improve our website and the products, services, applications, content and features that we provide through our website. this information may be combined with other information about you, including personal data. purposes for collecting the information we gather we will only process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. we need certain personal data in order to provide you with access to our products and services.  with your consent via the establishment of an account, we may use your email address and any other personal data that you provide to us (such as demographic and transaction information) to respond to you and to send you marketing materials for our own products and services. you maintain the right to withdraw such consent at any time. how we use and share your personal data by establishing an account with us, you agree that you are providing your consent that allows us to share your personal data with our third-party service providers that assist us with our marketing efforts and with other marketers whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you. mack weldon also participates in marketing cooperatives. as part of our participation in these marketing cooperatives, we may disclose your name and postal address (but not your email address or payment card information) so that other select reputable companies can mail you information about their products that may interest you. if you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please opt-out by updating your “my profile” preferences here: my profile. mack weldon (a) follows the principles and guidelines of the digital advertising alliance (daa) related to online and mobile advertising (including the daa appchoices program) and (b) complies with the cross-industry enhanced notice standard as set forth in the self-regulatory program for online behavioral advertising.  although we do not have a mobile app, on our mobile website we collect the information listed in section 1 of this policy.  we may share that information with third-party service providers as described earlier in this section.  you may opt out of receiving targeted ads based on the information we collect from you.  if you do not want to receive such ads, you may opt-out by visiting either of the following sites: nai – http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ daa – http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ we also reserve the right to provide such information to our employees, contractors, agents, and designees to the extent necessary to enable them to perform certain services for us, including order fulfillment and website-related services such as web hosting, to improve website-related services and features, to perform maintenance services, and to distribute advertisements and other marketing materials on our behalf. we also reserve the right to disclose any personal data that we collect to any third party if we believe that we are required to do so for any or all of the following reasons: (i) to comply with the law; (ii) to comply with legal processes or governmental requests; (iii) to prevent, investigate, detect, or prosecute criminal offenses or attacks on the technical integrity of our website or our network; and/or (iv) to protect the rights, property, safety and security of mack weldon and its employees, our website visitors, and/or the public. your choices in this section, we describe the rights and choices available to all users. access or update your information. if you have registered for an account with us, you may review and update certain personal information in your account profile by logging into the account. opt out of marketing communications.  you may opt out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us at privacy@mackweldon.com. you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails. cookies & browser web storage.  we may allow service providers and other third parties to use cookies and similar technologies to track your browsing activity over time and across the site and third-party websites (e.g., for analytics purposes). most browsers let you remove or reject cookies.  to do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings.  many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings.  please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, the sites may not work properly.  similarly, your browser settings may allow you to clear your browser web storage. targeted online advertising. some of the business partners that collect information about users’ activities on or through the service may be members of organizations or programs that provide choices to individuals regarding the use of their browsing behavior or mobile application usage for purposes of targeted advertising. users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the network advertising initiative by clicking here or the digital advertising alliance by clicking here. users of our mobile applications may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in mobile apps through participating members of the digital advertising alliance by installing the appchoices mobile app, available here, and selecting the user’s choices. please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms that we linked above. in addition, your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit our, or our partners’, ability to engage in ad tracking or targeted advertising using the google advertising id or apple id for advertising associated with your mobile device. if you choose to opt-out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may not be relevant to you. even if you do choose to opt -out, not all companies that serve online behavioral advertising participate in these opt-out programs are included in this list, so you may still receive some cookies and tailored advertisements from companies that are not listed. do not track.  some internet browsers may be configured to send “do not track” signals to the online services that you visit.  we currently do not respond to “do not track” or similar signals.  to find out more about “do not track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com. choosing not to share your personal information. where we are required by law to collect your personal information, or where we need your personal information in order to provide the site to you, if you do not provide this information when requested (or you later ask to delete it), we may not be able to provide you with our services.  we will tell you what information you must provide to receive the site by designating it as required at the time of collection or through other appropriate means. anonymous data when we use the term “anonymous data,” we are referring to data and information that does not permit you to be identified or identifiable, either alone or when combined with any other information available to a third party. we may create anonymous data from the personal data we receive about you and other individuals whose personal data we collect. anonymous data might include analytics information and information collected by us using cookies.  we make personal data into anonymous data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.  we use this anonymous data to analyses usage patterns in order to make improvements to our services. we are committed to making sure your information is protected our physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards meet or exceed current federal standards regarding the protection of customer information. we also require contractors and outside companies who work with us to adhere to strict privacy standards through their contracts with us. unfortunately, no security system, or system of transmitting data over the internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. consequently, while we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of our servers, the means by which information is transmitted between your computer and our servers, or any information provided to us or to any third party through or in connection with the website. any information that you provide to us is done so entirely at your own risk. international visitors if you are visiting from the european union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your personal information outside the country in which you reside, including, but not limited to the united states, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world.  your personal data may be transferred for processing and storage by mack weldon and our affiliates and third parties. by providing your personal data you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this privacy policy. children as a general rule, children are not allowed to use the website, and we do not collect personal information from them. we define "children" as anyone under 13 years old. if we learn that we have collected personal information of a child without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will delete it. retention we will only retain your personal data as long reasonably required for you to use our site and provide you with our services unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (for example for regulatory purposes). changes to this privacy policy from time to time we review this privacy policy to ensure that it complies with applicable law. consequently, we reserve the right to update and revise this privacy policy at any time. you will know if this privacy policy has been revised since your last visit to the website by referring to the "effective date of current policy" date at the top of this page.  if we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this privacy policy and posting it on the website.  your continued use of our website after the posting of any modified privacy policy constitutes your acceptance of the terms of the privacy policy as amended or revised by us from time to time, and you should, therefore, review this privacy policy regularly to ensure that you are aware of its terms. transfer of your personal information if we sell all or any part of our business or sell or transfer all or a material part of our assets or are otherwise involved in a merger or other transfer or disposition of any part our business, we reserve the right to access, transfer or disclose any and all information that we collect from our website’s visitors, or that we otherwise collect in connection with the website, to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. other websites our website may contain links to other websites and other online services operated by third parties.  these links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party.  in addition, our content may be included on web pages or in mobile applications or online services that are not associated with us. we do not control third party websites, mobile applications or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. further, we are not and cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any websites that you access through our website and that this privacy policy applies solely to the information which we collect through our website. we encourage you to ensure that you read the privacy statements of all the destination websites that you visit. how to contact us please direct any questions or comments about this policy or privacy practices to privacy@mackweldon.com.  you may also write to us via postal mail at: mack weldon 1201 broadway suite 600 new york, ny 10001 notice to california residents we are required by the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”) to provide to california residents an explanation of how we collect, use and share their personal information, and of the rights and choices we offer california residents regarding our handling of the personal information. this notice does not apply to information related to our business contacts. as we explain in this privacy policy, we use cookies and other tracking technologies to analyze website traffic and facilitate advertising. if you would like to opt out of our (and our third party advertising partners’) use of cookies and other tracking technologies, please review the instructions provided in the online tracking opt-out guide our platform allows users to direct us to share their information with providers with whom they wish to connect. in addition to the information in our privacy policy, the following chart further describes our privacy practices with respect to individuals whose information is governed by the ccpa. personal information we collect ccpa-defined categories (click here for details) sources of personal information purposes for which we may collect and use the personal information data sharing name, address, email address, telephone number, profile photo, employer information, ip address, or other similar identifiers, or transactions information identifiers you our business partners service delivery research & development marketing compliance & operations advertising partners service-related third parties professional advisors authorities and others business transferees records of products or services requested or considered commercial information you business partners service delivery research & development marketing compliance & operations service-related third parties professional advisors authorities and others business transferees cookies, ip address, device ids, email address online identifiers you service delivery research & development marketing compliance & operations service-related third parties professional advisors authorities and others business transferees browsing history and information regarding interaction with the web site internet or network information you business partners automatic collection service delivery research & development marketing compliance & operations service-related third parties professional advisors authorities and others business transferees profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, behavior, attitudes, abilities, and aptitudes. inferences you business partners enhancing user experience none sex, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, age protected classification characteristics you enhancing user experience through the profile none weight, waist size, other measurements physical description you enhancing user experience none please note that we may also disclose all personal information to service providers, to comply with law, in connection with compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes, or in connection with a business transfer. for additional information, visit the “how we use and share your personal information” section of our privacy policy. privacy rights.  as a california resident, you have the rights listed below. however, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law. information.  you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months: the categories of personal information that we have collected. the categories of sources from which we collected personal information. the business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling personal information. the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information. the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose. the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose. access.  you can request a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months. deletion.  you can ask us to delete the personal information that we have collected from you. opt out of sales.  if we sell your personal information, you can opt-out. opt-in.  if we know that you are younger than 16 years old, we will ask for your permission (or if you are younger than 13 years old, your parent’s or guardian’s permission) to sell your personal information before we do so. nondiscrimination.  you are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination in the form of price/rate increases or service quality downgrades prohibited by law, or suggestions that you may be subject to such discrimination. how to submit a request.  to exercise your california privacy rights: online form: submit a request here. call: 844-220-2566 email: privacy@mackweldon.com identity verification. the ccpa requires us to verify the identity of the individual submitting a request to access or delete personal information before providing a substantive response to the request.  we may attempt to verify your identify by asking you to confirm information that we have on file about you or your interactions with us.  where we ask for additional personal information to verify your identity, we will only use it to verify your identity or your authority to make the request on behalf of another consumer. note that we cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it. authorized agents.  california residents can empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on their behalf.  we will require the authorized agent to have a written authorization confirming that authority pursuant to california probate code sections 4000-4465.  if you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, you must provide your agent signed permission to exercise your ccpa rights on your behalf, provide the information we request to verify your identity, and provide us with written confirmation that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request. authorized agents are required by california law to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect their clients’ information. shine the light / your california privacy rights.  under california’s shine the light law (california civil code section 1798.83), you may also ask companies with whom you have formed a business relationship primarily for personal, family or household purposes to provide the names of third parties to which they have disclosed certain personal information (as defined in the shine the light law) during the preceding calendar year for their own direct marketing purposes.  you may send us requests for this information to privacy@mackweldon.com. for all requests, you must put the statement “shine the light request” in the body of your request, and provide your first and last name, mailing address, and an attestation to the fact that you are a california resident. we reserve the right to require additional information to confirm your identity and california residency.  please also indicate in your request the name of the website or other digital service to which your request applies. please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, email, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information. sign up for exclusive offers, product news,and loyalty rewards email arrow icon thanks for signing up. we'll see you in your inbox. there was an error with your submission. about us our story the store loyalty program corporate gifting careers accessibility clothing donation shop bestsellers underwear socks tops bottom accessories customer service contact us help shipping returns policy start a return size guide gift card account log in register order status sitemap terms privacy policy © 2020 mack weldon. all rights reserved. asphalt, bluecrest, black, blue haze, blue night, blue yonder, bright white, charcoal heather, cloud burst, crimson, crimson heather, dark forest, dark marl grey, dark rum, desert heather, duffel bag green, firestarter, gold coast, grey heather, harvest, husk, indigo heather, navy heather, nine iron, no fear red, red clay, red clay marl, sand heather, seamaster, sharkskin, smokey mountain, stonewash, storm heather, total eclipse blue, total eclipse, true black, weldon blue, whisper white, wild plum, plum heather, spruce heather, gargoyle, moonstruck, laurel canyon, cactus, sandstorm, covert green, monument grey, indigo, black sky, rum swizzle, true navy, nine iron heather, birch, tornado grey, aegean blue, alloy, sun dried tomato, navy, bijou blue, camo green, walnut, stealth grey, coronado blue, cendre blue, metro blue, blue moon, medium grey heather, aquifer, warrior red, bright cobalt, aquatic, matcha green, cliff, rescue orange, taxi, blue heather, bluelight, grey heather pocket, desert heather pocket, ember pocket, summit blue pocket, rust pocket, forever blue, ember, cava, rum swizzle pocket, mariner, dean blue pocket, true black pocket, total eclipse blue pocket, monument grey pocket, airstream pocket, open skies pocket, red brick pocket, yew pocket, aegean blue heather, brown heather, charcoal, mai tai, kentucky blue heather, haute red, parish blue, purple dye, redwood heather, russet heather, yew, black donegal, charcoal donegal, strong blue, calder blue, russet, purple fog, rust, dean blue, red fern, dried fig, summit blue, red brick, open skies, goldcoast, port, mushroom heather, sunkissed, covert green heather, port heather, taxi heather, shades of grey, shades of blue, cactus heather, americana, sequoia, walnut heather, monument, racing blue, petrol, hunt green, pinot noir, blue haze / weldon blue, true navy / rescue orange, cool heathers, dried fig heather, skydiver heather, anthracite heather, blue, arcade red, frost, red, porto, asphalt heather, mixed colors, red, grey heather / dean blue, bright white / warrior red, true navy / grey heather, graphite heather, malbec heather, monument / weldon blue, mobile blue, rum heather, sergeant, purple smoke, porto heather, riptide heather, yew heather, steel, indigo dye, infantry, bluelight heather, thunder heather, rescue orange heather, airstream, motorboat, seagrass, plum heather, royal palm, blue glass, wild mushroom, newport blue, moss heather, deep purple heather, cork, charcoal heather | infantry, grey heather | red fern, total eclipse | indigo dye, primary, riptide, mixed heathers, asphalt / total eclipse, true navy / charcoal heather, sergeant / true black, spring, brights, navy space dye, total eclipse / petrol, duffle space dye, true black / walnut heather, duffle bag, seagrass heather, red hot heather, sergeant / grey heather, charcoal heather / dark forest, true navy / dean blue, rust / total eclipse / firestarter, summer, hibiscus, bluenote, atlantic, fireworks, all together, matcha, redwood, weldon blue heather, blue heather, murray red, bodhi blue, total eclipse / true navy, true black / true black, grey, bluelight / grey heather, cactus / grey heather, walnut / grey heather, true black / crimson heather, blue haze / total eclipse, douglas fir, black plum, aegean blue heather, ash, kentucky blue, chrysanthemum, porcelain, steam, black plum heather, gulfstream, husk, charcoal heather / true black, total eclipse / true black, duffle bag green, gulfstream heather, coolant, forest heather, true navy heather, hunt green heather, asphalt heather / charcoal heather, navy heather / true navy, asphalt / navy heather, true black / anthracite heather, crimson / charcoal heather, medium grey heather / true navy, steel / true black, true black / anthracite heather, asphalt / navy heather, fall foliage, fire pit, cloudy skies, manhattan, cool down, parachute, lakeside, camping, evergreen ||s:small,||m:medium,||l:large,||xl:xlarge,||xxl:xxlarge did you know that your internet browser is out of date? x your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. you can update your browser from the link below. download the latest version of your prefered browser