来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231200622/https://mackweldon.com/pages/faq
================================================================================

faq – mack weldon path icon level1 desktop plus this december, save with limited-edition holiday kits: shop now. search x-icon shop arrow down skip title arrow down shop all new arrivals bestsellers ace women’s capsule kit builder underwear arrow down skip title arrow down trunks boxer briefs briefs long johns pack builder all underwear tops arrow down skip title arrow down undershirts t-shirts & henleys polos button ups sweaters & sweatshirts jackets & vests all tops bottoms arrow down skip title arrow down pants shorts swim all bottoms gifts arrow down skip title arrow down the gift bar socks & slippers hats, gloves & scarves ace women’s capsule gift cards all accessories daily wear quiz gift bar save with our pack builder start building shop arrow down skip title arrow down shop all new arrivals bestsellers ace women’s capsule kit builder underwear arrow down boxer briefs trunks briefs boxers long johns pack builder all underwear tops arrow down undershirts t-shirts & henleys polos button ups sweaters & sweatshirts jackets & vests all tops bottoms arrow down pants shorts swim all bottoms gifts arrow down the gift bar socks & slippers hats, gloves & scarves ace women’s capsule gift cards all accessories pack buildercustomize a pack of your favorite underwear and save up to $50. daily wear quiz gift bar mackweldon logo logo@2x mackweldon logo logo@2x search x-icon close account icon account cart 0 opens cart drawer sign in for the best experience log in for the best experience don’t have an account? create an account log in popular searches ace sweatpants boxer briefs airknitx socks search faqs next home next faq return & exchanges shipping international shipping loyalty program payment products design sizing gift cards website other faqs return & exchanges international shipping loyalty program payment design sizing gift cards website other return & exchanges what is your return policy? arrow down we accept returns within 30 days of purchase on any product that is unworn and unwashed. underwear must be in its original packaging. you can choose between a refund to the original payment or an exchange for a different size or color. underwear - for underwear that you've tried on, if it is your first time shopping with us, you are eligible for our try on guarantee. you can get a refund or exchange for a different size on one pair of underwear that has been tried on, and you won't need to send them back.international - any refunds on canadian orders will not include the non-refundable international surcharge. if you have your order forwarded to a foreign address we are not able to offer free returns from addresses outside of the united states and canada. masks - to protect our shipping and logistics partners from covid-19 our silver masks and warmknit gaiters are not eligible for a return or exchange, even if they are unopened and unworn. what is your holiday 2022 return policy? arrow down we offer an extended return policy during the holiday season. this is only available for the dates below. purchases made outside of the holiday timeframes below are subject to our standard return policy.for purchases made from 10/15 - 11/15, the return window will will be valid through jan. 31st, 2023.for purchases made from 11/16 - 12/31, the return window will be valid through feb. 28th, 2023. how do i make a return or exchange? arrow down we offer three convenient ways to return or exchange an item. to get started, click here.happy returns - start your return or exchange online to receive a qr code for a contact-free drop-off at a return bar. happy returns offers 2,500+ return bars nationwide (find one here). your refund or exchange will be initiated immediately upon drop-off. no need to box your items.mack weldon store - items purchased online can be returned or exchanged in store. if you purchased online, go through the normal return process to receive a qr for a contact-free drop-off at our store. if your purchase was made in store, you can still go through the online return process, just enter the zip code of the store when searching for your order. only returns can be processed online for in-store purchases. if you wish to do an exchange, you will need to visit the store in-person or do an online return and make a new purchase.mail - start your return or exchange online to receive a mailing label to box and ship your items. our shippers are resealable, so you can send the product back in the same shipper it came in. once your package is scanned by the carrier, your refund or exchange will be immediately processed. returns processed by mail include a $5.00 processing fee that will be taken out of your refund. what is your try on guarantee? arrow down if you don’t love your first pair of underwear, we'll send you a different size or issue you a full refund. if you would like to try a different style, please process a return for an ecredit. in either case, there will be no return required. if you bought more than one pair of underwear or socks on your first order we recommend wearing and washing just one pair to make sure they are right for you. that way if you don't love that pair, the rest of your order will still be eligible for a standard return or exchange.to claim the try on guarantee, follow the steps below:go to the returns portal and provide your order number and shipping zip code. select the pair of underwear you'd like to exchange or have refunded. let us know what you didn't love about them and whether you'd like a return or exchange. if you're looking for a different size of the same style, select an exchange. if you'd like to change styles, you'll need to return for ecredit and make a second purchase. you can still keep the original pair.hit continue at the bottom of the screen.  choose "box and ship" as your return method and hit continue. you won't actually need to ship them back and your refund or exchange will be processed immediately. it's a little confusing, we know.the try on guarantee only applies to one pair of underwear within 30 days of receipt. if you're having trouble finding the right size or style, contact us and we'll help you out. the try-on guarantee does not include long underwear, long johns, or running tights. once you have applied for a try-on guarantee, you will not eligible for another. canadian customers can receive a refund under the try on guarantee, but it will not return the non-refundable international surcharge. how do i return a gift? arrow down if you'd like to return a mack weldon item you received as a gift, you can do so without letting the gift-giver know. gifts are only eligible for a return for gift card credit that can be used on the mack weldon site. to process a gift return, go to the returns portal and click on "start here" next to "receive a gift?" below the "start your return" button. the site will ask you to provide your seven-digit order number and your shipping address. you will also choose a return method and once you have returned the gift you will receive a gift card code that you can add to the promo code field during checkout of a future order. can i return in-store purchases online? arrow down orders purchased at one of our stores can be returned online or in store. when going through the online returns flow, enter the zip code of the store at which you made the original purchase. if you wish to make an exchange, you will have to visit one of our stores in person or return online for a refund and make a new purchase. how do i make a return if i ordered as a guest? arrow down if you placed an order without creating an account, you can still process a return on the site. just go to our returns portal and provide your order number and the shipping zip code. you can find your 7-digit order number on the shipping invoice that was included in your order, on your order confirmation email, or on your shipping confirmation email. if you have issues or additional questions, you can always contact our customer service team who will be happy to help you. shipping what is your shipping policy? arrow down we currently ship anywhere in the united states and canada.  we also ship to apo, fpo, and dpo addresses.  all of our packages ship out of our fulfillment centers in massachusetts and california. we offer different shipping options depending on where your order is shipping, the value of your order, and your status in our loyalty program, weldon blue.shipping to the united statesstandard - free shipping provided by usps for all weldon blue members and orders over $75 in value, otherwise this option costs $5.priority - two-day shipping provided by fedex for $15. orders must be received by 11 a.m. et monday-thursday in order to receive it in two business days.expedited - next day shipping provided by fedex for $25. orders must be received by 11 a.m. et monday-thursday in order to receive it the next business day.shipping to canadastandard - free shipping provided by dhl for all weldon blue members and for orders over $75 in value, otherwise this option costs $8.00.  orders shipping to canada are also subject to a non-refundable "international surcharge" which covers the cost of duties and taxes. what is your holiday 2022 shipping policy? arrow down order ahead of time. we are working with our shipping partners to ensure prompt delivery but they have informed us to anticipate longer than usual ship times. we recommend ordering as early as you can to make sure that your gifts arrive by the holiday.below are the cutoff dates—i.e. your last chance—to place an order that will be delivered to shipping addresses in the 48 contiguous states before december 25. u.s. orders placed with standard usps shipping (free/$5 at checkout): place by saturday, december 17th.u.s. orders placed with fedex priority shipping ($15 at checkout): place by monday, december 19th.u.s. orders placed with fedex overnight shipping ($25 at checkout): place by wednesday, december 21st.if you miss the shipping cutoffs or are not sure what size or style your loved one would like we recommend our digital gift cards, which can be emailed to the recipient on the date of your choice and allow the recipient to choose for themselves. how long do orders take to ship? arrow down most (but not all) orders placed in the morning or early afternoon monday through friday will ship the same day. orders placed in the evening usually ship the next business day, while those placed on friday evening or during the weekend ship the following monday. all ship times listed are estimates and can vary based on when your package leaves our fulfillment center.  you may receive your package faster or slower than the averages are shown below. united states northeast - 1-2 business days   southeast / midwest - 2-3 business days   west - 2-4 business dayshawaii / alaska - 4-5 business days canadaontario, quebec, new brunswick, nova scotia - 4-6 business days   prince edward, manitoba, alberta, british columbia, nunavut - 5-7 business days   yukon territory, northwest territories, labrador, newfoundland - 7-8 business days how do i track my order? arrow down when your order left our fulfillment center, you received a shipping confirmation email that included a tracking number with usps or fedex. click the tracking number for an update on our site. our system can be a bit delayed, so for more up-to-the-minute information, look up the tracking number on the usps site, fedex site, or dhl site. when will my order ship? arrow down most orders ship within 1-2 business days of being placed. orders placed before 1:00pm et each business day generally ship the same day. orders placed in the evening usually ship the next business day. those placed on friday evening or during the weekend ship the following monday.  you will receive a shipping confirmation email once the order ships. if your order hasn't shipped after four business days, please get in touch with us by using the contact us form. **please note** fulfilled orders might experience processing delays due to the ongoing pandemic, as we've taken extra precautions to keep our fulfillment center workers safe. can i cancel or change my order? arrow down orders cannot be edited once they have been placed. if the order hasn't shipped, we can cancel the order and place a new one with the correct information. reach out to our customer service team via the contact us form. we’ll respond as soon as possible—but our orders are usually fulfilled within a day, so we can’t guarantee that we’ll be able to cancel yours before it ships. once an order has shipped, any change will have to happen via a return or an exchange. which can be made via our returns portal. can i change the address on my order? arrow down once an order has been placed, we cannot change your address. however, if you have an account, you can edit an existing address or add a new address in your address book for future orders. just follow these steps:for editing an existing addressin your account, click “address book”.next to the address you want to edit, click “edit.”enter the updated address. to make this your primary address, select “this is my primary address.” otherwise, leave it unselected. click the "save" button.for adding a new addressin your account, click “address book”.click “add a new address.”enter the new address. to make this your primary address, select “this is my primary address.” otherwise, leave it unselected. click the "save" button. where is my order? arrow down we get it—not receiving your order on time can be frustrating. so, let's find it. when your order left our fulfillment center, you received a shipping confirmation email that included a tracking number from usps or fedex (or dhl if you're in canada). click the tracking number in that email to track your order. if you have an account, you can also find the tracking number in your order history by clicking on "order details" for the order you wish to track.. our tracking system can sometimes be delayed, so for more up-to-the-minute information, look up the tracking number on the usps site, fedex site, or dhl site.if our site's tracking says your order was delivered but you still haven't received it, look up your tracking number on the usps site, the fedex site, or dhl site for confirmation. if the carrier site's tracking also says your order was delivered, try checking with your neighbors and looking outside your home to see if it's hidden somewhere.  if you can’t find it, contact us with your original shipping address and an alternate shipping address so we can send a replacement.if the carrier site's tracking hasn't been updated for several days, contact us with your original shipping address so we can look into it and send a replacement if necessary. i didn't receive my order/shipping confirmation email arrow down you should receive an order confirmation email within a few minutes of placing your order, and a shipping confirmation email within 48 hours. the exceptions are orders placed during a weekend, which may not ship until the following monday. if you don't receive either email within those timeframes, try the following:check your spam folder.if you use multiple email addresses, make sure you're checking the right inbox.still nothing? contact us to let us know and we'll look into it for you. i received the wrong items arrow down if you received the wrong items, start by checking them against the shipping invoice included in your package.  if the invoice doesn't match one of the items or if the invoice is for another customer's order, contact us and we'll get you the right items.if something was missing from your order, start by checking the shipping invoice included in your package.if the missing item is listed on your invoice, there may have been a fulfillment error. contact us and we'll look into it for you.if the missing item isn't actually listed on your invoice, there may have been an inventory issue. find your shipping confirmation email (subject line: "shipping confirmation from mack weldon"), which will include a note confirming the item didn't ship with the rest of your order. we're sorry about that—and we've already refunded you for the item. if you accidentally received someone else's order, please contact us and one of our agents will gladly assist. do you ship to apo addresses? arrow down yes, we ship to apo (army post office), fpo (fleet post office), and dpo (diplomatic post office) addresses. to ship to a military address, when you're checking out:under shipping address, enter your psc or unit number and box number. for city, enter apo, fpo, or dpo. for state, enter aa, ae, or ap.under billing, un-check the "billing address same as shipping" box and enter your billing address. we need all of the above info to ship your order, so make sure not to leave anything out. your order will ship via usps—and for free, if you're a member of weldon blue (our loyalty program). unfortunately we can't estimate how long it'll take to arrive. for more about shipping to military addresses, see here. international shipping do you ship internationally? arrow down we currently ship to the united states, its territories, and canada. while we have plans to ship to other countries, we can't provide a realistic timeframe.we do accept paypal, which offers international payments. so paying with paypal and shipping to a friend, relative, or forwarding company in the u.s. is the quickest way to get some mack weldon gear internationally. if you have your order forwarded to a foreign address, we are not able to offer returns or exchanges from outside of the united states and canada. for orders shipping to canada, duties and taxes are included in the cost of your order under the “international surcharge” line item.  you will not be charged additional duties and taxes at the time of delivery.  please note that if you choose to return items from your order, the “international surcharge” is nonrefundable. do you ship to canada? arrow down we do ship to canada! here’s everything you need to know about our canadian shopping experience:shipping - shipping to canada is free if your order is over $75 usd in value or if you’re a member of our weldon blue loyalty program, otherwise it costs $8.50 usd. we ship using dhl’s parcel direct service, which means your package will arrive in 4-5 days to most major cities but could take up to 7-8 days to more remote locations. we don't currently offer an express shipping method, but it’s on our roadmap.international surcharge (duties / taxes) - we ship using a delivered duty paid (ddp) method, so there are no surprise invoices from canada customs when your package arrives. the costs of duties and taxes are factored into your final price as an international surcharge. the surcharge is non-refundable, so if you end up returning an item, you'll only be refunded the cost of the item itself.currency - all prices on-site and in-cart are quoted in usd.try-on guarantee - don’t like your first pair of underwear? no worries. we’ll issue you a refund or store credit so you can order another pair—no questions asked, no return required. (the international surcharge is non-refundable and not covered by the try on guarantee.)returns & exchanges - returns and exchanges are also free, and you can start a return here. our shippers are resealable, so you can send the product back in the same shipper it came in. once your package has been scanned by the shipping carrier, we'll refund your money to the method you selected. unfortunately, the international surcharge is non-refundable.weldon blue - canadians have access to our loyalty program, weldon blue. after placing your first order, you'll automatically enter level one, which means free shipping on every order. after spending $200 usd on our website, in addition to free shipping, you'll earn level two benefits: 20% off every order, early access to new products, and surprise gifts.  level two status is good for one year but can be renewed annually by spending $100 usd during your membership year. are international taxes and duties included? arrow down for orders shipping to canada, duties and taxes are included in the cost of your order under the “international surcharge” line item.  you will not be charged additional duties and taxes at the time of delivery.  please note that if you choose to return items from your order, the “international surcharge” is nonrefundable. loyalty program what is weldon blue? arrow down weldon blue is our loyalty program which allows you to earn points on every purchase and redeem those points for discounts on future purchases. all mack weldon customers are eligible to be a part of weldon blue, you can earn points by shopping in store and online! if you shop with us as a guest you will still earn points, but if you want to redeem those points towards future purchases, you’ll need to create an account with the email address used at checkout. how do i earn weldon blue points? arrow down you can earn weldon blue points just by shopping, for every dollar you spend you’ll get one point. you can also earn bonus points for writing a product review, referring a friend, spending $300 in one purchase and more. once you earn 100 points (equivalent to $5), you become eligible to redeem rewards towards your next purchase. to see your weldon blue points balance, you must be logged in to your account. once logged in, you can check out your rewards dashboard to view, earn, and redeem your points! is there a limit to how many friends i can refer to mack weldon? arrow down no! you can refer as many new customers as you’d like, and you’ll receive 400 points (equivalent of $20) for each one who makes their first purchase over $50. how do i redeem weldon blue points? arrow down to redeem your reward points, log in and head over to the loyalty section in your account. from here, click "redeem", and copy/paste the code. once you have 100 points, you are eligible to start redeeming. every 100 points earns you $5 (up to $30) off your next mack weldon order.you can apply the code at checkout on your next purchase. at this time, we are only able to offer one code per order. if you’d like to combine your rewards discount code with another offer, please reach out to us at hello@mackweldon.com and we’ll do our best to accommodate your order. can i redeem my weldon blue points in a retail location? arrow down yes! please let a store associate know the email address associated with your mack weldon account and how many points you’d like to redeem and they will take care of the discount code for you. you also earn points for every in store purchase as well. i’m a long time mack weldon customer, why don’t i have any loyalty points? arrow down based on customer feedback, we recently changed our loyalty program. now, mack weldon customers can collect points for every purchase after october 11th, 2022. if you see any discrepancies, please reach out to us at hello@mackweldon.com and we’ll be sure to make it right.while we are not able to add any points to your account retroactively, you can earn points every time you shop with us, leave a review, refer a friend, and more. to see the many ways in which you can earn points, check out our loyalty page here. payment what are the payment options? arrow down we offer several different payment options:credit/debit cards - we accept credit/debit cards backed by the major providers on our website, including visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. unfortunately, we don’t accept some debit cards. if you’re having trouble checking out, please contact us so we can help.  apple pay - if you have an iphone with apple pay enabled, you can use apple pay on both desktop and mobile. on desktop, you’ll need macos sierra or above. on ios, you’ll need ios 11 or above. apple pay is not supported if you visited our site through an in-app browser, like facebook.  paypal - we accept paypal on both desktop and mobile. if you have a balance in your paypal account, that balance will automatically be used before your backup payment method (which you’ll select at the time of purchase). note: paypal may incorrectly suggest that you can pay with your credit card or bank account first, but you won’t be able to. we apologize for any confusion.google pay - if you have a google account with google pay enabled, you can use google pay on both desktop and mobile.afterpay - paying with afterpay will allow you to split your credit or debit card payment into 4 installments that are paid every other week, with no interest and no fees when you pay on time. gift cards - we accept gift cards as a payment option as well. please note that any orders paid with a gift card that are returned will be refunded back to the gift card.**please note** when using a third party payment option, make sure that the email address on file with the payment option is the same as what is associated with your mack weldon/weldon blue account can i pay with paypal? arrow down yes, you can pay with paypal.  just follow the steps below:at the billing stage of checkout, select the paypal option, then click the "paypal" button. make sure any pop-up blockers are disabled. log in to paypal and review your account info. we'll deduct from your paypal balance by default, but you can choose an account to draw from if your balance doesn't cover the full cost. you don't need to enter a billing address.click "agree & continue" to complete your order. i’m getting a payment error when i try to check out. what can i do? arrow down if you’re getting an error message when trying to submit your payment, the most likely culprit is an error or a typo in your billing information. if the error message says “your payment details couldn’t be verified. check your card details and try again,” the issue is probably either the credit card number or cvv you entered.  if the error message says “security code was not matched by the processor,” the issue is probably the cvv you entered.**please note** we do not have access to transaction records and may not be able to see why a payment is being rejected. if a payment is being rejected and you think it shouldn’t be, please contact your bank/card issuer. i was charged more than once for an order. what happened? arrow down if you see multiple charges for the same order on your statement, check your email to see how many order confirmations you received:if you only received one confirmation, chances are that only one of the charged orders went through. the other charge(s) on your statement will disappear in 2-3 business days. if you didn't receive a confirmation, none of the charged orders went through. try placing the order again, double-checking that all billing and shipping information is correct. the charges on your statement will disappear in 2-3 business days.if the charges do not roll off your statement, please contact us and we'll be happy to look into it. products what are the wash and care instructions? arrow down you can find all care instructions on the product itself and on the product page on our site. below are the care instructions for our most popular products:underwear - machine wash cold. tumble dry low.pima t-shirts - machine wash cold. tumble dry low. since they're 100% cotton, there will be a little shrinkage, so make sure to dry them on the lowest possible heat. you can also lay them flat to dry.ace collection - machine wash cold. tumble dry low.polos - machine wash cold. tumble dry low.dryknit shirts and polos - machine wash cold with like colors. tumble dry low. use non-chlorine bleach. warm iron if necessaryeveryday socks - machine wash warm. use non-chlorine bleach. tumble dry lowproknit boxer briefs 8" - machine wash cold with like colors. no tumble dry machine. use non-chlorine bleach. do not iron.radius pants - machine wash cold. tumble dry low.silver collection - machine wash cold with like colors. do not bleach. tumble dry low. warm iron if necessarysilver extended crew socks - machine wash cold with like colors. tumble dry low. use non-chlorine bleach. cool iron if necessarystratus shorts - machine wash cold. do not bleach. tumble dry low, iron low do your products shrink? arrow down fabrics with a high cotton content may shrink a little when they're washed and dried—like our pima t-shirts (made with 100% pima cotton) and ace sweatpants (95% cotton). most of our stuff should be washed on cold and dried on low, but the best way to avoid shrinkage is to follow the care instructions printed on the product. what are the fabric contents for your products? arrow down our design process always starts with the fabrics, many of which are only available at mack weldon . you can see the composition of our different fabrics below.18-hour jersey (underwear and undershirts) - 47.5% long staple cotton / 47.5% modal / 5% spandex18-hour mesh - 48% long staple cotton / 48% modal / 4% lycra4-way shorts - 95% nylon / 5% spandexace french terry - 95% cotton / 5% stretchairknitx (underwear, shirts, and performance tights) - 56% polymide / 29% polyester / 15% elastaneairknitx ankle socks - 70% nylon / 24% poly / 3% spandex / 3% silverairknitx crew socks - 77% nylon / 17% poly / 3% spandex / 3% silveramphibious underwear - 94% nylon aquarius / 6% spandexatlas jacket - 64% rayon / 30% nylon / 6% spandexboard shorts - 96% polyester / 4% spandexboot socks - 87% cotton / 12% nylon / 1% spandexcashmere socks - 84% cashmere / 14% nylon / 2% spandexdryknit - 100% cottoneveryday extended crew socks - 80% combed cotton / 15% polyamide / 5% elasticgtx commuter and duffel bags - 100% cotton canvasion accessories series - 100% industrial twillmerino (long underwear and shirts) - 55% merino / 45% tencelmerino socks - 70% extra fine merino / 29% nylon / 1% spandexno show socks - 85% combed cotton / 10% spandex / 4% nylon / 1% elasticproknit boxer briefs 8" - 75% polyamide / 25% elastanepima t-shirts - 100% peruvian pima cottonone-mile slipper - 70% wool / 30% polyester (outer); 85% supima cotton / 10% xt2 polyester / 5% spandex (lining)radius pants - 91% polyester / 9% spandexsilver (boxer briefs and trunks) - 84% pima cotton / 10% xt2 silver / 6% lycrasilver extended crew socks - 34% pima cotton / 41% combed cotton / 11% polyester / 7% nylon / 4% x-static / 3% lycrasilver intrepid polo - 84% pima cotton / 10% xt2 silver / 6% lycrasilverknit (formerly silver pique) polo - 42% combed cotton / 42% modal / 10% xt2 silver / 6% spandexsilver stealth socks  - 73% pima cotton / 11% polyester / 9% nylon / 4% x-static / 3% lycrastratus shorts - 43% polyester / 43% 37.5 polyester / 14% spandexsunday lounge pants - 97% cotton / 3% stretchswim trunks - 96% polyester / 4% spandexswipe gloves - 71% silk yarn / 26% nylon yarn / 3% conductive yarntech cashmere long sleeve and long underwear - 47% modal, 38% merino wool, 10% cashmere, 5% spandextech cashmere accessories (hat, gloves, scarf) - 59% merino wool, 24% cashmere, 17% nylonvesper polo - 47.5% combed cotton / 47.5% modal / 5% polyesterwarmknit long sleeve/henley - 43% modal / 38% invista thermolite® / 14% wool / 4% spandexwarmknit long underwear - 43% modal / 38% invista thermolite® / 14% wool / 4% spandexwoven boxers - 98% cotton poplin / 2% spandex do you make women's products? arrow down all of our products are designed and sized with men in mind. we don't currently have plans to make women's products, although it's not out of the question.  of course, at the end of the day, our products can be worn by anyone who feels comfortable in them. we've got a number of female customers (and employees) who wear our pima t-shirts, ace sweats, and boxers as loungewear or pajamas, for example. what's the difference between the swim styles? arrow down we make two swim styles: a swim trunk and a board short. they feature the same quick-dry, high-stretch fabric (96% polyester, 4% spandex)—the difference is in the details. swim trunkmicro-mesh stretch liner for more supportinterior draw cord & flex waistbandzip side & back pockets6” inseam (hits near mid-thigh)board shortunlined for more freedom interior draw cord (no stretch in the waistband) velcro flyzip front & back pockets8.75” inseam (hits just above the knee) the color i want is out of stock. can you notify me when it's restocked? arrow down our color options are divided into two categories:core - core colors are generally our most popular and neutral colors: navy, black, grey, and white. these colors should always be in stock, and if they aren't, they will be restocked within a month or two.seasonal - seasonal colors are not typically restocked. so, if you see one you like, grab it fast. we generally release new seasonal colors every 6-8 weeks. if you'd like to know when a certain product's core colors will be restocked, you can add your name to the "notify me" email list on the product's page or contact us to tell us which product, color, and size you're looking for, and we'll let you know when it'll be available again. are your products sold in packs? arrow down most of our products are sold individually, with a few exceptions below. no show socks and silver stealth socks are only available in 2-packs, which can't be mixed and matched. everyday extended crew socks are sold individually and in 2-packs of certain colors.18-hour jersey boxer briefs and 18-hour jersey trunks are sold individually, and in 3-packs of certain colors.airknitx boxer briefs and airknitx trunks are sold individually, and in 3-packs of certain colors.if the product details on the right-hand side of the page don't call out a pack (and a single item is pictured), then it's not a pack. design where is mack weldon made? arrow down mack weldon is designed in new york and delivered to you from our fulfillment centers in massachusetts and california. our product is manufactured and sourced in wrap certified factories across the globe, including thailand, peru, china, egypt, and vietnam. wrap is an independent, objective, non-profit team of global social compliance experts dedicated to promoting safe, lawful, humane, and ethical manufacturing around the world through certification and education. the factories are also iso certified with high quality management systems, ensuring that our products are manufactured in the best way possible to create outstanding results. if you would like to know about a specific country of origin, please contact us. why are the labels on the outside of the underwear? arrow down the sizing info and care instructions on your mack weldon underwear are meant to face outward. after enough washes, the printing can become a bit scratchy, and we didn't want that to come between the fabric and your skin.we were also inspired by some military clothing we looked at while designing our line. these pieces were labeled on the outside for easy sorting and identification, and we thought it would be just as helpful for finding the care instructions. over the years, we've heard from many customers who do wear it the other way around - with the labels on the inside - and love it. so we think you should wear it however you feel most comfortable. does your underwear have a fly? arrow down we have many styles of underwear some of which have a fly and some of which don't.traditional right-hand fly - 18-hour jersey and silver underweartwo-way fly - silver hd underwearbutton fly - 24/7 woven boxer and 18-hour jersey knit boxerno fly - airknitx and stealth underwear what are xt2 silver and x-static? arrow down xt2™ is a metallic fiber created by combining pure silver with cotton. we use xt2™ in our silver underwear, and silver t-shirts.  we use a slightly different version called x-static in our socks. the silver's naturally antimicrobial and anti-odor qualities are woven throughout the entire product. it is not a chemical formula or finish treatment, so it never washes out.don't worry, you can wear silver through a metal detector. however, we don't recommend you wear it through an mri or other highly-sensitive machines. xt2 has very low levels of silver but x-static is more conductive and can interfere with mri machines. either way, always change into the appropriate medical gowns provided by your healthcare technician. what is airknitx hd? arrow down airknitx hd is a limited-edition version of our proprietary airknitx fabric, with new moisture-wicking texture zones and richer, deeper colors. in order to offer these new color options, we’ve revisited the fabric construction, so the texture may feel a bit different from the original—but it’s just as breathable and lightweight. can i suggest a new product? arrow down first of all, thank you for your interest—we're excited to hear that our customers love our stuff and want us to keep innovating. we're always exploring the potential of new products and fabrics, but you can pass along your suggestion by using our contact form. sizing how does the underwear fit? arrow down you can find the waist measurements for all of our underwear below.s - 28-30"m - 31-34"l - 34-36"xl- 36-40"xxl - 42-46"the waists on our underwear are designed to accommodate a range of sizes, but if you fall in between sizes and prefer a looser fit, the larger option may feel and fit better. garment measurements can be found on the individual product pages by selecting the "size guide" button. below is more qualitative fit guidance:18-hour jersey boxer briefs - the 18-hour jersey fabric fits close to the skin without being constricting. the inseam of 18-hour jersey boxer briefs is 6" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, the way we measure it may be different from other brands. 18-hour jersey trunks - the 18-hour jersey fabric fits close to the skin without being constricting.  the inseam of 18-hour jersey trunks is 3" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, the way we measure it may be different from other brands.18-hour jersey briefs - the 18-hour jersey fabric fits close to the skin without being constricting. 18-hour knit boxers - the 18-hour knit boxers are made with the same fabric as our 18-hour jersey underwear, but with a looser fit. they have a button fly at the crotch and a covered waistband. silver boxer briefs - the silver fabric is mostly cotton, so while it's meant to fit close to the skin, it's not as close-fitting as our other fabrics.  the inseam of silver boxer briefs is 6" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, the way we measure it may be different from other brands.silver trunks - the silver fabric is mostly cotton, so while it's meant to fit close to the skin, it's not as close-fitting as our other fabrics.  the inseam of silver trunks is 3.75" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, the way we measure it may be different from other brands.airknitx/airknitx 8" boxer briefs - the airknitx fabric is a microfiber blend that's ideal for exercise. it's flyless and close-fitting for extra support, with four-way stretch that moves with you. because of the elasticity, if you're on the lower end of a size range, you can comfortably size down. the inseam of airknitx boxer briefs is 5" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, there may be some variation in the actual fit.  the airknitx 8" boxers briefs are a modified version that adds 3" to the inseam to wick away moisture and prevent riding up while exercising.airknitx trunks - the airknitx fabric is a microfiber blend that's ideal for exercise. it's flyless and close-fitting for extra support, with four-way stretch that moves with you. because of the elasticity, if you're on the lower end of a size range, you can comfortably size down. the inseam of airknitx trunks is 3" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, there may be some variation in the actual fit.airknitx briefs - the airknitx fabric is a microfiber blend that's ideal for exercise. it's flyless and close-fitting for extra support, with four-way stretch that moves with you. because of the elasticity, if you're on the lower end of a size range, you can comfortably size down.airknitx performance tights - the airknitx fabric is a microfiber blend that's ideal for exercise. it's flyless and close-fitting for extra support, with four-way stretch that moves with you. 24/7 woven boxers - our woven boxers are tailored to be less bulky but still looser-fitting. you can find the outseams of the woven boxers below. the outseam is the measurement along the outside of the leg, from the top of the waistband to the leg opening. merino long underwear- the merino long underwear is made with a blend of merino wool and a natural cellulose fiber that provides stretch and durability. the fabric fits close to the skin. since the long underwear are full length, different sizes have different inseams. how do the sweats fit? arrow down our ace sweats collection is made with a combination of classic french terry and a small amount of stretch, with a micro-sanded finish for extra softness. the ace french terry has a fabric weight of 290 grams per square meter. all measurements can be found on the individual product pages by selecting the "size guide" button. below is more qualitative fit guidance:ace sweatpants - the ace sweatpants are fitted, meaning they taper at the bottom of the leg and are meant to end at the ankle (not hang below). they also have a drop crotch, meaning there's extra space below the crotch. the inseam measurements on our site's sizing chart are measured from where a traditional pant inseam would start, not from where the physical inseam of the garment starts. this way customers can determine their size using their usual pant measurements.ace shorts - the ace shorts have a 9.5" inseam in all sizes and are meant to end above the knee.ace hoodie - the ace hoodie has a trim fit, so if you're looking for something looser, try sizing up. ace half-zip - the ace half-zip has a more classic, less trim fit meant for layering. ace crew neck - the ace crew neck is meant for layering. the collar is cut wider than on a traditional sweatshirt, allowing the collar of a shirt underneath to come through. how do the polos fit? arrow down we make three polos with two different fits: classic and slim.  the silverknit and intrepid polos both have a classic fit, meaning they're looser at the waist.  the vesper polo has a slim fit, meaning it tapers toward the waist. how do the t-shirts and undershirts fit? arrow down our t-shirts and undershirts come in a variety of styles and fabrics. all measurements can be found on the individual product pages by selecting the "size guide" button. below is more qualitative fit guidance:pima crew necks and v-neck t-shirts - the pima crew necks and v-necks are designed with a slim fit, which means they taper slightly toward the waist. if you prefer a looser (or longer) fit, try sizing up. pima shirts are made of 100% cotton and are not preshrunk. a small amount of shrinkage is expected after the first wash, but as long as you follow the care instructions printed below the collar, it shouldn't affect the fit.pima long sleeve t-shirt - the pima long sleeve's fit and tailoring, body length, and chest measurements are the same as the pima short sleeves'. the sleeve lengths, listed below, are measured from the center of the back to the bottom of the sleeve.silver crew neck and v-neck t-shirts - the silver t-shirts are 6% lycra®, so they have more stretch and give than our pima t-shirts.airknitx crew neck t-shirt - the airknitx crew neck has an athletic fit for maximum movement and breathability. if you prefer a looser fit, try sizing up.airknitx long sleeve t-shirt - the airknitx long sleeve has an athletic fit for maximum movement and breathability. if you prefer a looser fit, try sizing up.merino long sleeve t-shirt - the merino long sleeve is meant to be worn on its own or under another layer. the sleeve length is measured from the highest point of the shoulder seam to the bottom of the cuff.warmknit long sleeve t-shirt - the warmknit waffle long sleeve is meant to be worn over a t-shirt or undershirt, not as a bottom layer like a traditional waffle-knit shirt. choose the size you would typically wear for a t-shirt.18-hour jersey crew neck and v-neck undershirts - the 18-hour jersey undershirts are made with the same fabric as our 18-hour jersey underwear. they're meant to fit snugly and lie smooth under a dress shirt. they're also longer in body length than our t-shirts, so they'll always stay tucked in.18-hour rib tank - the 18-hour rib tank is true to size and strategically extra-slim to ensure a bulk-free and streamlined fit.dryknit crew neck - the dryknit crew neck t-shirts are a relaxed fit meant to be worn on their own and not as an undershirt. how do the socks fit? arrow down all of our sock styles are one-size-fits-all, with enough stretch to fit most shoe sizes. everyday extended crew sock - the everyday extended crew socks are designed for feet between sizes 8-13. they can be worn at mid-calf length or pulled higher.airknitx crew sock - the airknitx crew socks are designed for feet between sizes 8-13. they're a semi-compression fit, meaning they'll feel tight. they stretch to fit 5-6 inches above the ankle.airknitx ankle sock - the airknitx ankle socks are designed for feet between sizes 8-13. they're a semi-compression fit, meaning they'll feel tight.  no show sock - the no show socks are designed for feet between sizes 9-13. they're meant to be hidden in any regular shoes or sneakers, but not deep-cut shoes like topsiders, boat shoes, or loafers.silver stealth sock - the silver stealth socks are designed for feet between sizes 9-13. they're meant to be hidden in any deep-cut shoes like topsiders, boat shoes, or loafers. what are the sizes of the accessories? arrow down all of our ion accessories are made with 100% industrial twill. the wallet, weekender, and convertible backpack come with a chrgr unit that charges most mobile devices. bonded chiller - the dimensions of the bonded chiller are 7.5" in length, 7" in width, and 10" in height when closed and rolled down. when the chiller is open and completely unrolled the height is 15".bonded tote - the dimensions of the bonded tote are 17" in length, 8" in width, and 15" in height. the height is measured to the top of the bag itself. the height of the straps are an additional 9".ion convertible backpack - the ion convertible backpack dimensions are 21" l x 15" w x 3.5" h. it weighs 27 oz. and has an 18-ltr volume capacity. the laptop sleeve can hold up to a 15" laptop. the chrgr unit measures 13.51 cm x 7.13 cm x 1.44 cm, weighs 0.43 lbs., and can be removed.ion travel kit - the ion travel kit dimensions are 10.5” l x 5” w x 4.5” h. it weights 7 oz. and has a 3.85-liter volume capacity.ion wallet - the ion wallet dimensions are 4.5” l x 3.5” w x .5” h. the chrgr unit measures 3.5 cm x 2.1 cm x .24 cm and weighs 50 g. ion weekender - the ion weekender dimensions are 22” l x 11” w x 9” h, which is small enough to be considered carry-on luggage for most major airlines. it weighs 20 oz. and has a 35-ltr volume capacity. the chrgr unit measures 13.51 cm x 7.13 cm x 1.44 cm, weighs 0.43 lbs., and can be removed. how does the swimwear fit? arrow down our swimwear comes in a variety of styles and fabrics.  all measurements can be found on the individual product pages by selecting the "size guide" button. below is more qualitative fit guidance:board shorts - board shorts have an interior drawcord to adjust the fit as needed. they do not have an interior liner or netting. the sizes are listed by the waist measurements they fit in inches. all board shorts have an 8.75" inseamswim trunks - swim trunks have an elastic waistband and an interior drawcord to adjust the fit as needed. they also have interior mesh lining for extra support. swim trunks do run a bit slimmer than board shorts, so please follow the recommended size for your waist. all swim trunks have a 6" inseam how do your pants and shorts fit? arrow down our pants and shorts come in a variety of styles and fabrics. we don't currently offer variable or customizable inseams.  all measurements can be found on the individual product pages by selecting the "size guide" button. below is more qualitative fit guidance:ace sweatpants - the ace sweatpants are fitted, meaning they taper at the bottom of the leg and are meant to end at the ankle (not hang below). they also have a drop crotch, meaning there's extra space below the crotch. the inseam measurements on our site's sizing chart are measured from where a traditional pant inseam would start, not from where the physical inseam of the garment starts. this way customers can determine their size using their usual pant measurements.ace shorts - the ace shorts have a 9.5" inseam in all sizes and are meant to end above the knee. radius pants - the radius pants are made with a stretch fabric, tapered leg, and gusset. they have an elastic waistband, and belt loops to help adjust the fit as needed.sunday lounge pants - the sunday lounge pants have a relaxed fit and cuffed ankle.4-way shorts -  the 4-way shorts are tailored but not tight, with an interior drawcord to help adjust the fit as needed. do you offer custom inseams? arrow down we do offer a "tall" version of our ace sweatpant which adds an extra 2" to each size's inseam. beyond that, we don't currently offer custom or variable inseams on any of our pants. the inseams listed in our size chart are the only ones available. gift cards do you offer gift cards? arrow down we offer digital gift cards. you can purchase $50, $100, $150, and $200 gift cards on our gift cards page. you can see the answers to some common questions about gift cards below how do i redeem my gift card? arrow down to redeem a gift card, follow the link from the email you received. you can enter the code in the gift card or discount code field on any future orders for as long as there’s a balance on the card.* orders processed with a gift card that are returned will be refunded back to the gift card. how do i check my gift card balance? arrow down click the link from your gift card email to see the details. you can find your balance above the gift card code. can i return a gift card? arrow down our gift cards are non-refundable. if you'd like to return a purchase made with a gift card, the funds will be credited back to your gift card. what if i don't use up my whole gift card? arrow down the unused portion of your gift card automatically remains on the card and can be used for any future mack weldon purchase. when will my gift card expire? arrow down never! do you sell physical gift cards? arrow down currently, we only offer digital gift cards. but you have the option to print your gift card instead of emailing it to your recipient. website why do i need to verify my email address? arrow down we may ask you to verify your email address when you’re creating an account. we do this to protect your information, by making sure the person who provided your email address was really you.once you’ve received the verification email, just follow the link back to our site. if you have any questions, feel free to contact us. do you offer guest checkout? arrow down yes, we offer guest checkout. if you’d like to place an order without creating an account, you’ll just have to enter your email address at checkout. you can always create an account later and see any orders you’ve placed as a guest using the same email address.  keep in mind, though, that checking out as a guest won’t enroll you in our weldon blue loyalty program, and orders placed through guest checkout won’t count towards your loyalty status, even if you create an account later. how do i create an account? arrow down to create an account, click account in the top-right corner of the homepage. on the right side of the page, under “create an account,” fill in your email address, your name, and a password. click sign up, and you’ll receive a confirmation email for your account creation. where can i see my order history? arrow down you can find your order history in your account section. to get to the account section:go to mackweldon.com and click account in the top-right corner of the page. if you’re using a mobile device, click the menu button in the top-left corner. log in, then click orders & returns.you'll see a list of any past and current orders, with the most recent at the top.for older orders, you can use the drop-down menu to select the timeframe of your orders (last 6 months, last 12 months, etc)orders that have shipped will have an option to track the shipment. orders containing items that are eligible for returns or exchanges will have a return/exchange button. to go to a receipt page with the billing and shipping addresses, items ordered, prices, discounts, and order total, click view order details. if you'd like to reorder a product, click its thumbnail image to go to the product page. how do i reset my password? arrow down you can reset your password if you forgot it, or if you just want to change it.i can't remember my passwordgo to mackweldon.com and click "account" in the top-right corner (highlighted in red below).a login field will appear on the left-hand side of the page. click "forgot your password?"enter the email address associated with your account.click the “reset password” button. check your email for a message from mack weldon with the subject line "password reset request." follow the link in the email, then follow the instructions on the page. you'll be taken your updated account.i want to change my passwordlog in to your account. once logged in, go to the “my profile” dashboard in your account. click the edit button on the right-hand side of the page (see below).click “reset password” under the email address field.enter the email address associated with your account. check your email for a message from mack weldon with the subject line "password reset request." follow the link in the email, then follow the instructions on the page (see below). log in to your account with your new password. how do i add a promo code to an order? arrow down to add a promo code to an order, when you’re checking out, enter your promo code in the “gift card or discount code” field, then click apply. you’ll see the discount applied to your subtotal. our promo codes don’t combine with other promotions. if you’re already receiving a discount and you enter a code, the site will apply the greatest discount (not both discounts) to your order.if you are using our website on a mobile device the "gift card or discount code" you will need to "show order summary" which will display the field where you can input a promo code or gift card code. how do i place an order? arrow down adding an item to your cartyou can add an item to your cart in two ways. the first way is on the product page.on this page: select your color.select your size from the dropdown. select your quantity using the plus and minus buttons. click add to cart. the second way is on a category page containing multiple products. on this page:select your color using the arrow buttons under the product.hover over the image and click quick add to select your size.once you’ve selected your size, the item will appear in your minicart in the top-right corner of the page. there, you can change the quantity using the plus and minus buttons.checking outonce you’re ready to check out, click the cart button in the top-right corner of the page:if everything looks good, click the checkout button. on the next page, you can view your order, add a promo code, or choose to pay via paypal or google pay. if you’re paying with a card, add your shipping information and click continue to shipping. undefinedon the next page, choose your shipping method. you’ll be able to see the shipping costs added to your order.on the next page, add your billing information.once you’ve clicked complete order, you’ll see an order confirmation page. you’ll receive an order confirmation email within a couple of minutes, then a shipping confirmation email with tracking information once the order ships.using different shipping and billing addressesat step 5 of checking out, when providing your payment method, select the “use a different billing address” option and enter your billing information. i'm having trouble placing an order. what can i do? arrow down if you're having trouble placing an order on our site, we recommend signing out, closing and reopening your browser, logging back in to the site, and trying to place the order again. alternately, you can try a different browser if you're on a desktop, or try a desktop if you're on a tablet or mobile device. an outdated browser may not read our site correctly—your best bet is chrome, which you can download for free here. if all else fails, contact us to let us know exactly what you're seeing. i’m having issues with the mack weldon site arrow down we’re sorry to hear that you are having problems or running into errors while using our site. our goal is always to provide a seamless online shopping experience.if the site is taking a long time to load, you are unable to add an item to your cart, or you are seeing an error message while using the site we recommend trying a few things. first, make sure your internet browser is up to date, an old or out-of-date browser may not be able to load all of our site’s features. we also recommend closing your browser window entirely and then reopening and trying to use the site again.if you are still having issues adding an item to your cart, the item may have gone out of stock very recently. try refreshing your browser to see if the size and color you are looking for are now in light gray, that indicates they are out of stock.if you have tried everything above and are still unable to use our site successfully please use the contact us form and a member of our customer service team will reach out via email as soon as possible.. to help us provide the best possible resolution to your issue please include a specific description of the issue you are experiencing including any error messages you see, where on the site you encounter the issue, and what you are trying to accomplish onsite. other who is mack weldon? arrow down mack weldon is about the fusion between old-school quality and modern day technology. during our brand creation, we discovered weldon, an early 20th century underwear company.  weldon had a lot of similarities to the brand we were creating in both marketing and product design. we embraced the name, flipped it a bit and made it ours. do you have any promo codes? arrow down we don’t believe promo codes offer the best value for new customers. instead, placing your first order will earn you a spot in our loyalty program, weldon blue. as a level one member, you’ll get free domestic shipping on all orders. as a level two member (unlocked by spending $200), you'll get all of the above, plus 20% off all orders. learn more about weldon blue here.note: we don't partner with any coupon or discount websites, and we can't honor any promo codes they post without our permission. how do i stop receiving emails from mack weldon? arrow down we send emails to announce new products and highlight ones we think you might like, but if you'd rather not get any more, just click the "unsubscribe" link in the footer of any email. if you can't find the "unsubscribe" link, contact us and we'll unsubscribe you. **note** you can only unsubscribe from marketing emails—you'll still get emails like order and shipping confirmations and follow-ups. how i stop receiving physical mail from mack weldon? arrow down if you got one of our catalogs in the mail and you want to opt out for the future, contact us to let us know (be sure to include your name and address) and we'll add you to our do-not-mail list. for tips about cutting down on unwanted mail, visit usa.gov. i want to stop seeing your ads online arrow down if you've been to our site or searched for us on google, you may be seeing our ads online. to make it stop, click the "ad choices" link each time you see an ad and block it. note that you may have to do this more than once. also, keep in mind that every time you click on an ad, visit our site, or comment on our social media pages, the ads will reset—so you'll need to completely disengage with us online. sign up for exclusive offers, product news,and loyalty rewards email arrow icon thanks for signing up. we'll see you in your inbox. there was an error with your submission. about us our story store locator wholesale inquiries community heroes careers reviews shop bestsellers underwear tops bottoms socks accessories support contact us faq shipping returns size guide accessibility account log in register order status order history weldon blue sitemap terms privacy policy accessibility statement do not sell my information © 2022 mack weldon. all rights reserved. did you know that your internet browser is out of date? x your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. you can update your browser from the link below. download the latest version of your prefered browser