来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241226184207/https://mackweldon.com/pages/faq-terms
================================================================================

faq terms email * password * log in forgot your password? don’t have an account? create one for faster checkout and loyalty perks create an account email * reset password cancel password reset email * first name * last name * password * confirm password * passwords should match sign up by clicking above, you agree to our terms of service and consent to the processing described in our privacy policy. you also agree to receive marketing emails related to our products and services. you are free to unsubscribe at any time. already have an account? log in never fear, gift cards are here. shop now. rewards our story usd change your shipping country albania - all l algeria - dzd د.ج andorra - eur € angola - aoa kz anguilla - xcd $ antigua & barbuda - xcd $ argentina - ars $ armenia - amd դր. aruba - awg ƒ australia - aud $ austria - eur € azerbaijan - azn ₼ bahamas - bsd $ bahrain - usd $ bangladesh - bdt ৳ barbados - bbd $ belgium - eur € belize - bzd $ benin - xof fr bermuda - usd $ bolivia - bob bs. bosnia & herzegovina - bam км botswana - bwp p brazil - brl r$ british virgin islands - usd $ brunei - bnd $ bulgaria - bgn лв. burkina faso - xof fr burundi - bif fr cambodia - khr ៛ cameroon - xaf fr canada - cad $ cape verde - cve $ cayman islands - kyd $ chad - xaf fr chile - clp $ china - cny ¥ colombia - cop $ comoros - kmf fr congo - brazzaville - xaf fr cook islands - nzd $ costa rica - crc ₡ côte d’ivoire - xof fr croatia - eur € curaçao - ang ƒ cyprus - eur € czechia - czk kč denmark - dkk kr. djibouti - djf fdj dominica - xcd $ dominican republic - dop $ ecuador - usd $ egypt - egp ج.م el salvador - usd $ equatorial guinea - xaf fr estonia - eur € eswatini - szl e ethiopia - etb br falkland islands - fkp £ faroe islands - dkk kr. fiji - fjd $ finland - eur € france - eur € french guiana - eur € french polynesia - xpf fr gabon - usd $ gambia - gmd d georgia - gel ლ germany - eur € ghana - usd $ gibraltar - gbp £ greece - eur € greenland - dkk kr. grenada - xcd $ guadeloupe - eur € guatemala - gtq q guernsey - gbp £ guinea - gnf fr guinea-bissau - xof fr guyana - gyd $ haiti - htg g honduras - hnl l hong kong sar - hkd $ hungary - huf ft iceland - isk kr india - inr ₹ indonesia - idr rp ireland - eur € isle of man - gbp £ israel - ils ₪ italy - eur € jamaica - jmd $ japan - jpy ¥ jersey - gbp £ jordan - usd $ kazakhstan - kzt 〒 kenya - kes ksh kiribati - usd $ kuwait - usd $ kyrgyzstan - kgs som laos - lak ₭ latvia - eur € lebanon - lbp ل.ل lesotho - lsl l liberia - lrd $ liechtenstein - chf chf lithuania - eur € luxembourg - eur € macao sar - mop p madagascar - usd $ malawi - mwk mk malaysia - myr rm maldives - mvr mvr malta - eur € martinique - eur € mauritania - usd $ mauritius - mur ₨ mayotte - eur € mexico - mxn $ moldova - mdl l monaco - eur € mongolia - mnt ₮ montenegro - eur € montserrat - xcd $ morocco - mad د.م. mozambique - mzn mtn namibia - nad $ nauru - aud $ nepal - npr ₨ netherlands - eur € new caledonia - xpf fr new zealand - nzd $ nicaragua - nio c$ nigeria - ngn ₦ niue - nzd $ north macedonia - mkd ден norway - nok kr oman - usd $ pakistan - pkr ₨ panama - usd $ papua new guinea - pgk k paraguay - pyg ₲ peru - pen s/. philippines - php ₱ poland - pln zł portugal - eur € qatar - qar ر.ق réunion - eur € romania - ron lei rwanda - rwf frw samoa - wst t san marino - eur € são tomé & príncipe - std db saudi arabia - sar ر.س senegal - xof fr serbia - rsd рсд seychelles - scr ₨ sierra leone - sll le singapore - sgd $ sint maarten - ang ƒ slovakia - eur € slovenia - eur € solomon islands - sbd $ south africa - zar r south korea - krw ₩ spain - eur € sri lanka - lkr ₨ st. barthélemy - eur € st. helena - shp £ st. kitts & nevis - xcd $ st. lucia - xcd $ st. martin - eur € st. vincent & grenadines - xcd $ suriname - srd $ sweden - sek kr switzerland - chf chf taiwan - twd $ tanzania - tzs sh thailand - thb ฿ timor-leste - usd $ togo - xof fr tonga - top t$ trinidad & tobago - ttd $ tunisia - usd $ turkmenistan - usd $ turks & caicos islands - usd $ tuvalu - aud $ uganda - ugx ush united arab emirates - aed د.إ united kingdom - gbp £ united states - usd $ uruguay - uyu $ uzbekistan - uzs vanuatu - vuv vt vatican city - eur € venezuela - usd $ vietnam - vnd ₫ wallis & futuna - xpf fr zambia - zmw zk zimbabwe - usd $ search search search close-med user-2 account log inreturnscontact us cart-bag bag new & trending tops bottoms underwear accessories bundle & save sale holiday shop chevron-right shop by fabric ace airknitˣ silver warmknit shop by activity travel work relax activewear featured new arrivals 25 bestsellers sweater shop custom packs last chance shop all products the holiday shop shop now the sweater shop is open step inside shop by fabric ace airknitˣ silver warmknit shop by activity travel work relax activewear tops t-shirts polos button ups sweaters & sweatshirts half & full zips jackets & vests undershirts shop all tops our softest sweatshirts shop ace upgrade to silver shop now shop by fabric ace airknitˣ silver warmknit shop by activity travel work relax activewear bottoms joggers & lounge pants shorts swim shop all bottoms bestselling pants ace sweatpants shop now shop by fabric 18-hour jersey airknitˣ silver warmknit shop by activity travel work relax activewear underwear boxer briefs boxers briefs trunks long johns undershirts socks shop all underwear 1+ million pairs sold shop 18-hour jersey we live to innovate learn more shop by fabric ace airknitˣ warmknit shop by activity travel work relax activewear accessories socks & slippers bags & wallets hats, gloves & scarves gift cards shop all accessories the ultimate travel bag shop atlas bundle & save on essentials build your pack close mobile navigation menu new & trending chevron tops chevron bottoms chevron underwear chevron accessories chevron bundle & save sale holiday shop help centeraccountrewardscontact usfaqs united states (usd) change your shipping country albania - all l algeria - dzd د.ج andorra - eur € angola - aoa kz anguilla - xcd $ antigua & barbuda - xcd $ argentina - ars $ armenia - amd դր. aruba - awg ƒ australia - aud $ austria - eur € azerbaijan - azn ₼ bahamas - bsd $ bahrain - usd $ bangladesh - bdt ৳ barbados - bbd $ belgium - eur € belize - bzd $ benin - xof fr bermuda - usd $ bolivia - bob bs. bosnia & herzegovina - bam км botswana - bwp p brazil - brl r$ british virgin islands - usd $ brunei - bnd $ bulgaria - bgn лв. burkina faso - xof fr burundi - bif fr cambodia - khr ៛ cameroon - xaf fr canada - cad $ cape verde - cve $ cayman islands - kyd $ chad - xaf fr chile - clp $ china - cny ¥ colombia - cop $ comoros - kmf fr congo - brazzaville - xaf fr cook islands - nzd $ costa rica - crc ₡ côte d’ivoire - xof fr croatia - eur € curaçao - ang ƒ cyprus - eur € czechia - czk kč denmark - dkk kr. djibouti - djf fdj dominica - xcd $ dominican republic - dop $ ecuador - usd $ egypt - egp ج.م el salvador - usd $ equatorial guinea - xaf fr estonia - eur € eswatini - szl e ethiopia - etb br falkland islands - fkp £ faroe islands - dkk kr. fiji - fjd $ finland - eur € france - eur € french guiana - eur € french polynesia - xpf fr gabon - usd $ gambia - gmd d georgia - gel ლ germany - eur € ghana - usd $ gibraltar - gbp £ greece - eur € greenland - dkk kr. grenada - xcd $ guadeloupe - eur € guatemala - gtq q guernsey - gbp £ guinea - gnf fr guinea-bissau - xof fr guyana - gyd $ haiti - htg g honduras - hnl l hong kong sar - hkd $ hungary - huf ft iceland - isk kr india - inr ₹ indonesia - idr rp ireland - eur € isle of man - gbp £ israel - ils ₪ italy - eur € jamaica - jmd $ japan - jpy ¥ jersey - gbp £ jordan - usd $ kazakhstan - kzt 〒 kenya - kes ksh kiribati - usd $ kuwait - usd $ kyrgyzstan - kgs som laos - lak ₭ latvia - eur € lebanon - lbp ل.ل lesotho - lsl l liberia - lrd $ liechtenstein - chf chf lithuania - eur € luxembourg - eur € macao sar - mop p madagascar - usd $ malawi - mwk mk malaysia - myr rm maldives - mvr mvr malta - eur € martinique - eur € mauritania - usd $ mauritius - mur ₨ mayotte - eur € mexico - mxn $ moldova - mdl l monaco - eur € mongolia - mnt ₮ montenegro - eur € montserrat - xcd $ morocco - mad د.م. mozambique - mzn mtn namibia - nad $ nauru - aud $ nepal - npr ₨ netherlands - eur € new caledonia - xpf fr new zealand - nzd $ nicaragua - nio c$ nigeria - ngn ₦ niue - nzd $ north macedonia - mkd ден norway - nok kr oman - usd $ pakistan - pkr ₨ panama - usd $ papua new guinea - pgk k paraguay - pyg ₲ peru - pen s/. philippines - php ₱ poland - pln zł portugal - eur € qatar - qar ر.ق réunion - eur € romania - ron lei rwanda - rwf frw samoa - wst t san marino - eur € são tomé & príncipe - std db saudi arabia - sar ر.س senegal - xof fr serbia - rsd рсд seychelles - scr ₨ sierra leone - sll le singapore - sgd $ sint maarten - ang ƒ slovakia - eur € slovenia - eur € solomon islands - sbd $ south africa - zar r south korea - krw ₩ spain - eur € sri lanka - lkr ₨ st. barthélemy - eur € st. helena - shp £ st. kitts & nevis - xcd $ st. lucia - xcd $ st. martin - eur € st. vincent & grenadines - xcd $ suriname - srd $ sweden - sek kr switzerland - chf chf taiwan - twd $ tanzania - tzs sh thailand - thb ฿ timor-leste - usd $ togo - xof fr tonga - top t$ trinidad & tobago - ttd $ tunisia - usd $ turkmenistan - usd $ turks & caicos islands - usd $ tuvalu - aud $ uganda - ugx ush united arab emirates - aed د.إ united kingdom - gbp £ united states - usd $ uruguay - uyu $ uzbekistan - uzs vanuatu - vuv vt vatican city - eur € venezuela - usd $ vietnam - vnd ₫ wallis & futuna - xpf fr zambia - zmw zk zimbabwe - usd $ chevron menu close-menu featured new arrivals 25 bestsellers sweater shop custom packs last chance shop all products the holiday shop shop now the sweater shop is open step inside chevron menu close-menu tops t-shirts polos button ups sweaters & sweatshirts half & full zips jackets & vests undershirts shop all tops our softest sweatshirts shop ace upgrade to silver shop now chevron menu close-menu bottoms joggers & lounge pants shorts swim shop all bottoms bestselling pants ace sweatpants shop now chevron menu close-menu underwear boxer briefs boxers briefs trunks long johns undershirts socks shop all underwear 1+ million pairs sold shop 18-hour jersey we live to innovate learn more chevron menu close-menu accessories socks & slippers bags & wallets hats, gloves & scarves gift cards shop all accessories the ultimate travel bag shop atlas bundle & save on essentials build your pack home chevron-right faq faqs next search return & exchanges u.s. shipping international shipping loyalty program payment products design sizing gift cards website other faqs return & exchanges u.s. shipping international shipping loyalty program payment products design sizing gift cards website other return & exchanges what is your return policy? caret-down we accept returns within 30 days of purchase on any product that is unworn and unwashed with the exception of final sale products. underwear must be in its original packaging. all orders purchased in november and december will be eligible for return until 1/31/2025 as part of our extended holiday return window. you can choose between a refund to the original payment or an exchange for a different size or color.underwear - for underwear that you've tried on, if it is your first time shopping with us, you are eligible for our try on guarantee. you can get a refund or exchange for a different size on one pair of underwear that has been tried on, and you won't need to send them back.international - once your return is received back at our warehouse and inspected, your refund will be issued. please allow up to 7-10 business days for the refund to be processed back to your original form of payment.masks - to protect our shipping and logistics partners from covid-19 our silver masks and warmknit gaiters are not eligible for a return or exchange, even if they are unopened and unworn.on rare occasions, mack weldon reserves the right to deny return or exchange requests if we find evidence of fraud, abuse, or other manipulative behavior. if you have an issue with your exchange/return, please reach out to us as soon as possible as we may not be able to honor certain requests after the return window has closed. how do i make a return or exchange? caret-down we offer three convenient ways to return or exchange an item if you are a customer based in the us. click here to get started.happy returns - start your return or exchange online to receive a qr code for a contact-free drop-off at a return bar. happy returns offers 2,500+ return bars nationwide (find one here). your refund or exchange will be initiated immediately upon drop-off. no need to box your items.mack weldon store - items purchased online can be returned or exchanged at one of our two official mack weldon retail stores. if you purchased online, go through the normal return process to receive a qr code for drop-off. our retail/wholesale partners are unable to accept returns or exchanges at this time.mail - start your return or exchange online to receive a mailing label to box and ship your items. our shippers are resealable, so you can send the product back in the same shipper it came in. once your package is scanned by the carrier, your refund or exchange will be immediately processed. returns processed by mail include a $5.00 processing fee that will be taken out of your refund. what is your try on guarantee? caret-down excluding final sale items, if you don’t love your first pair of underwear, we'll send you a different size or issue you a full refund. if you would like to try a different style, please process a return for an ecredit. in either case, there will be no return required. if you bought more than one pair of underwear or socks on your first order we recommend wearing and washing just one pair to make sure they are right for you. that way if you don't love that pair, the rest of your order will still be eligible for a standard return or exchange.to claim the try on guarantee, follow the steps below:go to the returns portal and provide your order number and shipping zip code.select the pair of underwear you'd like to exchange or have refunded.let us know what you didn't love about them and whether you'd like a return or exchange. if you're looking for a different size of the same style, select an exchange. if you'd like to change styles, you'll need to return for ecredit and make a second purchase. you can still keep the original pair.hit continue at the bottom of the screen. choose "box and ship" as your return method and hit continue. you won't actually need to ship them back and your refund or exchange will be processed immediately. it's a little confusing, we know.the try on guarantee only applies to one pair of underwear within 30 days of receipt. if you're having trouble finding the right size or style, contact us and we'll help you out. the try-on guarantee does not include long underwear, long johns, or running tights. once you have applied for a try-on guarantee, you will not eligible for another. canadian customers can receive a refund under the try on guarantee, but it will not return the non-refundable international surcharge. how do i return a gift? caret-down if you'd like to return a mack weldon item you received as a gift, you can do so without letting the gift-giver know. gifts are only eligible for a return for gift card credit that can be used on the mack weldon site.to process a gift return, go to the returns portal and click on "start here" next to "receive a gift?" below the "start your return" button. the site will ask you to provide your seven-digit order number and your shipping address. you will also choose a return method and once you have returned the gift you will receive a gift card code that you can add to the promo code field during checkout of a future order.@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/0562da1e-7947-4902-8be7-806615d65090_socks_for_every_day_wear_alt.jpg?v=1721046875@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/3bc8b07c-1589-49f4-82ad-713f509021ea_pants_for_all_occasions_alt.jpg?v=1721046874 how do i make a return if i ordered as a guest? caret-down if you placed an order without creating an account, you can still process a return on the site. just go to ourreturns portaland provide your order number and the shipping zip code. you can find your 7-digit order number on the shipping invoice that was included in your order, on your order confirmation email, or on your shipping confirmation email. if you have issues or additional questions, you can alwayscontactour customer service team who will be happy to help you. u.s. shipping what is your shipping policy? caret-down we currently ship anywhere in the united states.  we also ship to apo, fpo, and dpo addresses. we offer different shipping options depending on where your order is shipping, the value of your order, and your status in our loyalty program, mack weldon rewards. standard - free shipping provided by dhl for all orders over $100 in value, otherwise this option costs $8. silver tier mack weldon rewards members receive free shipping on all orders over $50 and black tier members receive free shipping on all orders.priority - two-day shipping provided by fedex for $30. orders must be received by 11 a.m. et monday-thursday in order to receive it in two business days.expedited - next day shipping provided by fedex for $40. orders must be received by 11 a.m. et monday-thursday in order to receive it the next business day. do you ship to apo addresses? caret-down yes, we ship to apo (army post office), fpo (fleet post office), and dpo (diplomatic post office) addresses. to ship to a military address, when you're checking out:under shipping address, enter your psc or unit number and box number. for city, enter apo, fpo, or dpo. for state, enter aa, ae, or ap.under billing, un-check the "billing address same as shipping" box and enter your billing address. we need all of the above info to ship your order, so make sure not to leave anything out. your order will ship via usps—and for free, if you're a member of mack weldon rewards(our loyalty program). unfortunately we can't estimate how long it'll take to arrive. for more about shipping to military addresses, see here. how long do orders take to ship? caret-down most (but not all) orders placed in the morning or early afternoon monday through friday will ship the same day. orders placed in the evening usually ship the next business day, while those placed on friday evening or during the weekend ship the following monday. all ship times listed are estimates and can vary based on when your package leaves our fulfillment center.  you may receive your package faster or slower than the averages are shown below. please note that all orders placed by december 17th with an accurate shipping address in the contiguous 48 states should arrive prior to december 24th!united states northeast - 4-5 business days   southeast / midwest - 3-4 business days   west - 2-3 business daysalaska - 5-6 business days hawaii - 8-9 business days how do i track my order? caret-down when your order left our fulfillment center, you received a shipping confirmation email that included a tracking number with usps, dhl, or ups. click the tracking number for an update on our site.  our system can be a bit delayed, so for more up-to-the-minute information, look up the tracking number on the usps site, fedex site, or dhl site. when will my order ship? caret-down most orders ship within 1-2 business days of being placed. orders placed before 1:00pm et each business day generally ship the same day. orders placed in the evening usually ship the next business day. those placed on friday evening or during the weekend ship the following monday.  you will receive a shipping confirmation email once the order ships. if your order hasn't shipped after four business days, please get in touch with us by using the contact us form. **please note** fulfilled orders might experience processing delays due to the ongoing pandemic, as we've taken extra precautions to keep our fulfillment center workers safe. can i cancel or change my order? caret-down orders cannot be edited or canceled once they have been placed. if the order is incorrect for some reason, a return or exchange can be processed via our returns portal after receiving. can i change the address on my order? caret-down once an order has been placed, we cannot change your address. however, if you have an account, you can edit an existing address or add a new address in your address book for future orders. just follow these steps:for editing an existing addressin your account, click “address book”.next to the address you want to edit, click “edit.”enter the updated address. to make this your primary address, select “this is my primary address.” otherwise, leave it unselected. click the "save" button.for adding a new addressin your account, click “address book”.click “add a new address.”enter the new address. to make this your primary address, select “this is my primary address.” otherwise, leave it unselected. click the "save" button. where is my order? caret-down we get it—not receiving your order on time can be frustrating. so, let's find it. when your order left our fulfillment center, you received a shipping confirmation email that included a tracking number from usps, dhl, or fedex. click the tracking number in that email to track your order. if you have an account, you can also find the tracking number in your order history by clicking on "order details" for the order you wish to track. our tracking system can sometimes be delayed, so for more up-to-the-minute information, look up the tracking number on the usps site, fedex site, or dhl site.if our site's tracking says your order was delivered but you still haven't received it, look up your tracking number on the usps site, the fedex site, or dhl site for confirmation. if the carrier site's tracking also says your order was delivered, try checking with your neighbors and looking outside your home to see if it's hidden somewhere.  if you can’t find it, contact us with your original shipping address and an alternate shipping address so we can send a replacement. if the carrier site's tracking hasn't been updated for several days, contact us with your original shipping address so we can look into it and send a replacement if necessary.if the carrier site's tracking hasn't been updated for several days, contact us with your original shipping address so we can look into it and send a replacement if necessary. i didn't receive my order/shipping confirmation email caret-down you should receive an order confirmation email within a few minutes of placing your order, and a shipping confirmation email within 48 hours. the exceptions are orders placed during a weekend, which may not ship until the following monday. if you don't receive either email within those timeframes, try the following:check your spam folder.if you use multiple email addresses, make sure you're checking the right inbox.still nothing? contact us to let us know and we'll look into it for you. i received the wrong items caret-down if you received the wrong items, start by checking them against the shipping invoice included in your package.  if the invoice doesn't match one of the items or if the invoice is for another customer's order, contact us and we'll get you the right items.if something was missing from your order, start by checking the shipping invoice included in your package.if the missing item is listed on your invoice, there may have been a fulfillment error. contact us and we'll look into it for you.if the missing item isn't actually listed on your invoice, there may have been an inventory issue. find your shipping confirmation email (subject line: "shipping confirmation from mack weldon"), which will include a note confirming the item didn't ship with the rest of your order. we're sorry about that—and we've already refunded you for the item. if you accidentally received someone else's order, please contact us and one of our agents will gladly assist. international shipping do you ship internationally? caret-down international customers can browse and shop our website in their local currency by selecting their country from the dropdown menu in the main navigation. we offer an express shipping option via dhl. reference the list below for estimated shipping times.australia - 4-5 business daysbelgium - 3-4 business days   brazil - 4-5 business dayscanada - 2-3 business days czech republic - 3-4 business daysdenmark - 3-4 business daysfrance - 4-5 business days   germany - 3-4 business daysgreece - 3-4 business days hong kong - 4-5 business daysireland - 3-4 business daysisrael - 4-6 business days   italy - 4-5 business daysjapan - 4-5 business days korea (south) - 4-5 business dayskuwait - 4-5 business daysmalaysia - 5-6 business days   mexico - 2-4 business daysnetherlands - 4-5 business days new zealand - 4-6 business daysnorway - 4-5 business dayspoland - 4-5 business daysqatar - 4-5 business days   rest of eu - 3-4 business daysrow - 6-7 business days saudi arabia - 3-4 business dayssingapore - 4-5 business daysspain - 3-4 business days   sweden - 3-4 business daysswitzerland - 3-4 business days taiwan - 4-6 business daysunited arab emirates - 3-4 business days united kingdom - 3-4 business days are international taxes and duties included? caret-down for orders going to the united kingdom, european union, mexico, australia and new zealand, all prices shown are inclusive of import duties and taxes.for all other countries, duties & taxes will be automatically calculated and displayed during checkout. depending on the country, you will have the option to choose ddp (delivery duty paid) or ddu (delivery duty unpaid).please note that if ddu is selected, you will be responsible for paying the required duties & taxes upon delivery and the shipping carrier may not release the package without payment for duties & taxes. are returns accepted on international orders? caret-down we do accept international returns. items must be unworn, unwashed, in their original condition and with all tags attached. items marked final sale cannot be returned. once your return is received back at our warehouse and inspected, your refund will be issued. please allow up to 7-10 business days for the refund to be processed back to your original form of payment. click here to start your return we offer pre-paid return labels and the option for customers to process self-postage returns. details below. a pre-paid returns label will be emailed to you. please note, the returns label expires within 10 days of issue if unused. once you receive your returns label, book a collection or visit your nearest dhl drop-off point to send your items back to us.pre-paid returns are subject to a return shipping fee which will be deducted from your refund. please consult the international shipping & returns table above for information about country-specific returns fees. for self-postage returns, a returns slip will be emailed to you. please include this slip in the return package. send back the returned goods with the shipper of your choice. please note that return shipping and any reverse duties and taxes are the responsibility of the customer when choosing this method. we recommend insuring your package and contacting our customer service at hello@mackweldon.com with the tracking number once shipped. loyalty program what is mack weldon rewards? caret-down mack weldon rewards is our loyalty program which allows you to earn points on every purchase and redeem those points for discounts on future purchases. all mack weldon customers are eligible to be a part of mack weldon rewards, you can earn points by shopping in store and online!if you shop with us as a guest you will still earn points, but if you want to redeem those points towards future purchases, you’ll need to create an account with the email address used during your guest checkout. is there a limit to how many friends i can refer to mack weldon? caret-down no! you can refer as many new customers as you’d like, and you’ll receive 400 points (equivalent of $20) for each one who makes their first purchase over $100. i completed an activity but did not earn any points! caret-down no worries! it can sometimes take a few minutes for us to process your activity and provide your points. if it has been longer than 5 business days, please reach out to hello@mackweldon.com so that we can help! what happens to the points i used on an order if i decide to return the items? caret-down if you use your mack weldon loyalty program points towards a purchase and later decide to return the full purchase, your reward points will be credited back to your loyalty program account so that they can be used towards a future purchase again. i have made purchases with multiple email addresses. can my points be combined? caret-down yes! please reach out to hello@mackweldon.com with all of the information and we can remove accrued points from one account and add them to another to consolidate. is there a limit to how many points i can use at one time? caret-down currently customers are able to redeem up to 1000 points ($50 off) on an order. at this time we are not able to combine multiple reward discount codes to a single purchase. what is early product access? caret-down as a mack weldon loyalty program member belonging to the silver or black tier status, you will receive select emails ahead of the general public regarding new product roll-outs. this allows you to have first dibs on newest additions. what does vip cx concierge get me? caret-down as a mack weldon loyalty program member belonging to the black tier status, all customer service inquiries will go to the top of our queue and will be handled exclusively by team leads. what are the exclusive member only events? caret-down as a mack weldon loyalty program member belonging to the black tier status, keep an eye on your email for invites to exclusive virtual and eventually in-person events. i’m a long time mack weldon customer, why don’t i have any loyalty points? caret-down based on customer feedback, we recently changed our loyalty program. all reward points and tier statuses started accumulating on october 11th, 2022 for all existing customers. if you see any discrepancies, please reach out to us at hello@mackweldon.com and we’ll be sure to make it right.while we are not able to add any points to your account retroactively, you can earn points every time you shop with us, leave a review, refer a friend, and more. to see the many ways in which you can earn points, check out our loyalty page here. how do i join mack weldon rewards? caret-down creating a mack weldon account automatically enrolls you in mack weldon rewards. if you already have an account, click on the account section at the top-right of our website and log in to see your current reward points and tier. if you would like to create an account, follow the same steps and click “create an account” at the bottom of the log in page window. how do i earn points? caret-down there are several ways to earn mack weldon loyalty points! making purchases, referring friends, and helping us spread the word on social media are just the tip of the iceberg. reference the chart on the rewards page for a detailed breakdown of every way to earn. in addition to all these, we offer different reward tiers that will help our most loyal customers rack up points even quicker!once you earn 100 points (equivalent to $5), you become eligible to redeem rewards towards your next purchase. how do i view my current point balance or reward tier? caret-down to check your mack weldon rewards points balance and current loyalty tier, you must be logged in to your account. once logged in, you can check out your rewards dashboard to view, earn, and redeem your points by going to the loyalty program section of your account! how do i redeem mack weldon rewards points? caret-down you can redeem your rewards points directly at checkout or in your account. make sure you’re logged into your mack weldon account and then follow the below steps to redeems points for discounts:from checkout: under the order summary on the checkout page, select the drop down point redemption module and apply the number of points you’d like to redeem. the discount should now be applied to your order.from your account: click on the account section and navigate to loyalty program. from here, click "redeem" under the appropriate amount and copy/paste the code into the discount section during checkout..once you have 100 points, you are eligible to start redeeming. every 100 points earns you $5 (up to $30) off your next mack weldon order.at this time, we are only able to offer one code per order. if you’d like to combine your rewards discount code with another offer, please reach out to us at hello@mackweldon.com and we’ll do our best to accommodate your order. is there a limit to the number of points i can earn? caret-down there is no cap on the amount of reward points that you can earn! the more you spend and share, the more points you will rack up! just remember that your points will expire 1 year after earning. can i redeem my mack weldon loyalty program points in a retail location? caret-down yes! please let a store associate know the email address associated with your mack weldon account and how many points you’d like to redeem and they will take care of the discount code for you. you also earn points for every in store purchase as well. what is the difference in the mack weldon loyalty program tiers? caret-down every customer has the chance to start earning points immediately after creating an account. the tier based system allows top customers to earn rewards even faster!the tiers are based on total dollars spent within a rolling 12 month period from account sign-up. after crossing the below thresholds, your accrual rate will be multiplied so that you earn double or even triple the points! learn more here. how do i keep my mack weldon tier status? caret-down once a customer spends $500 or $1000+ in a rolling year and has earned the silver or black tier status, there are spend minimums the following rolling year that are required to remain in this elevated tier. each customer will need to spend $250 the following year to maintain silver status and $500 the following year to maintain black status.if this does not happen, each customer will revert back to the appropriate tier status and will still be able to earn points. payment what are the payment options? caret-down we offer several different payment options:credit/debit cards - we accept credit/debit cards backed by the major providers on our website, including visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. unfortunately, we don’t accept some debit cards. if you’re having trouble checking out, please contact us so we can help.  apple pay - if you have an iphone with apple pay enabled, you can use apple pay on both desktop and mobile. on desktop, you’ll need macos sierra or above. on ios, you’ll need ios 11 or above. apple pay is not supported if you visited our site through an in-app browser, like facebook.  paypal - we accept paypal on both desktop and mobile. if you have a balance in your paypal account, that balance will automatically be used before your backup payment method (which you’ll select at the time of purchase). note: paypal may incorrectly suggest that you can pay with your credit card or bank account first, but you won’t be able to. we apologize for any confusion.google pay - if you have a google account with google pay enabled, you can use google pay on both desktop and mobile.afterpay - paying with afterpay will allow you to split your credit or debit card payment into 4 installments that are paid every other week, with no interest and no fees when you pay on time. gift cards - we accept gift cards as a payment option as well. please note that any orders paid with a gift card that are returned will be refunded back to the gift card.**please note** when using a third party payment option, make sure that the email address on file with the payment option is the same as what is associated with your mack weldon/mack weldon rewards account can i pay with paypal? caret-down yes, you can pay with paypal.  just follow the steps below:at the billing stage of checkout, select the paypal option, then click the "paypal" button. make sure any pop-up blockers are disabled. log in to paypal and review your account info. we'll deduct from your paypal balance by default, but you can choose an account to draw from if your balance doesn't cover the full cost. you don't need to enter a billing address.click "agree & continue" to complete your order. i’m getting a payment error when i try to check out. what can i do? caret-down if you’re getting an error message when trying to submit your payment, the most likely culprit is an error or a typo in your billing information. if the error message says “your payment details couldn’t be verified. check your card details and try again,” the issue is probably either the credit card number or cvv you entered.  if the error message says “security code was not matched by the processor,” the issue is probably the cvv you entered.**please note** we do not have access to transaction records and may not be able to see why a payment is being rejected. if a payment is being rejected and you think it shouldn’t be, please contact your bank/card issuer. i was charged more than once for an order. what happened? caret-down if you see multiple charges for the same order on your statement, check your email to see how many order confirmations you received:if you only received one confirmation, chances are that only one of the charged orders went through. the other charge(s) on your statement will disappear in 2-3 business days. if you didn't receive a confirmation, none of the charged orders went through. try placing the order again, double-checking that all billing and shipping information is correct. the charges on your statement will disappear in 2-3 business days.if the charges do not roll off your statement, please contact us and we'll be happy to look into it. products what are the wash and care instructions? caret-down you can find all care instructions on the product itself and on the product page on our site. below are the care instructions for our most popular products:underwear - machine wash cold. tumble dry low.pima t-shirts - machine wash cold. tumble dry low. since they're 100% cotton, there will be a little shrinkage, so make sure to dry them on the lowest possible heat. you can also lay them flat to dry.ace collection - machine wash cold. tumble dry low.polos - machine wash cold. tumble dry low.dryknit shirts and polos - machine wash cold with like colors. tumble dry low. use non-chlorine bleach. warm iron if necessaryeveryday socks - machine wash warm. use non-chlorine bleach. tumble dry lowproknit boxer briefs 8" - machine wash cold with like colors. no tumble dry machine. use non-chlorine bleach. do not iron.radius pants - machine wash cold. tumble dry low.silver collection - machine wash cold with like colors. do not bleach. tumble dry low. warm iron if necessarysilver extended crew socks - machine wash cold with like colors. tumble dry low. use non-chlorine bleach. cool iron if necessarystratus shorts - machine wash cold. do not bleach. tumble dry low, iron low do your products shrink? caret-down fabrics with a high cotton content may shrink a little when they're washed and dried—like our pima t-shirts (made with 100% pima cotton) and ace sweatpants (95% cotton). most of our stuff should be washed on cold and dried on low, but the best way to avoid shrinkage is to follow the care instructions printed on the product. what are the fabric contents for your products? caret-down our design process always starts with the fabrics, many of which are only available at mack weldon . you can see the composition of our different fabrics below.18-hour jersey (underwear and undershirts) - 47.5% long staple cotton / 47.5% modal / 5% spandex18-hour mesh - 48% long staple cotton / 48% modal / 4% lycra4-way shorts - 95% nylon / 5% spandexace french terry - 95% cotton / 5% stretchairknitx (underwear, shirts, and performance tights) - 56% polymide / 29% polyester / 15% elastaneairknitx ankle socks - 70% nylon / 24% poly / 3% spandex / 3% silverairknitx crew socks - 77% nylon / 17% poly / 3% spandex / 3% silveramphibious underwear - 94% nylon aquarius / 6% spandexatlas jacket - 64% rayon / 30% nylon / 6% spandexboard shorts - 96% polyester / 4% spandexboot socks - 87% cotton / 12% nylon / 1% spandexcashmere socks - 84% cashmere / 14% nylon / 2% spandexdryknit - 100% cottoneveryday extended crew socks - 80% combed cotton / 15% polyamide / 5% elasticgtx commuter and duffel bags - 100% cotton canvasion accessories series - 100% industrial twillmerino (long underwear and shirts) - 55% merino / 45% tencelmerino socks - 70% extra fine merino / 29% nylon / 1% spandexno show socks - 85% combed cotton / 10% spandex / 4% nylon / 1% elasticproknit boxer briefs 8" - 75% polyamide / 25% elastanepima t-shirts - 100% peruvian pima cottonone-mile slipper - 70% wool / 30% polyester (outer); 85% supima cotton / 10% xt2 polyester / 5% spandex (lining)radius pants - 91% polyester / 9% spandexsilver (boxer briefs and trunks) - 84% pima cotton / 10% xt2 silver / 6% lycrasilver extended crew socks - 34% pima cotton / 41% combed cotton / 11% polyester / 7% nylon / 4% x-static / 3% lycrasilver intrepid polo - 84% pima cotton / 10% xt2 silver / 6% lycrasilverknit (formerly silver pique) polo - 42% combed cotton / 42% modal / 10% xt2 silver / 6% spandexsilver stealth socks  - 73% pima cotton / 11% polyester / 9% nylon / 4% x-static / 3% lycrastratus shorts - 43% polyester / 43% 37.5 polyester / 14% spandexsunday lounge pants - 97% cotton / 3% stretchswim trunks - 96% polyester / 4% spandexswipe gloves - 71% silk yarn / 26% nylon yarn / 3% conductive yarntech cashmere long sleeve and long underwear - 47% modal, 38% merino wool, 10% cashmere, 5% spandextech cashmere accessories (hat, gloves, scarf) - 59% merino wool, 24% cashmere, 17% nylonvesper polo - 47.5% combed cotton / 47.5% modal / 5% polyesterwarmknit long sleeve/henley - 43% modal / 38% invista thermolite® / 14% wool / 4% spandexwarmknit long underwear - 43% modal / 38% invista thermolite® / 14% wool / 4% spandexwoven boxers - 98% cotton poplin / 2% spandex do you make women's products? caret-down all of our products are designed and sized with men in mind. we don't currently have plans to make women's products, although it's not out of the question.  of course, at the end of the day, our products can be worn by anyone who feels comfortable in them. we've got a number of female customers (and employees) who wear our pima t-shirts, ace sweats, and boxers as loungewear or pajamas, for example. what's the difference between the swim styles? caret-down we make two swim styles: a swim trunk and a board short. they feature the same quick-dry, high-stretch fabric (96% polyester, 4% spandex)—the difference is in the details. swim trunkmicro-mesh stretch liner for more supportinterior draw cord & flex waistbandzip side & back pockets6” inseam (hits near mid-thigh)board shortunlined for more freedom interior draw cord (no stretch in the waistband) velcro flyzip front & back pockets8.75” inseam (hits just above the knee) the color i want is out of stock. can you notify me when it's restocked? caret-down our color options are divided into two categories:core - core colors are generally our most popular and neutral colors: navy, black, grey, and white. these colors should always be in stock, and if they aren't, they will be restocked within a month or two.seasonal - seasonal colors are not typically restocked. so, if you see one you like, grab it fast. we generally release new seasonal colors every 6-8 weeks.if you'd like to know when a certain product's core colors will be restocked, you can add your name to the "notify me" email list on the product's page or contact us to tell us which product, color, and size you're looking for, and we'll let you know when it'll be available again. are your products sold in packs? caret-down most of our products are sold individually, with a few exceptions below. no show socks and silver stealth socks are only available in 2-packs, which can't be mixed and matched. everyday extended crew socks are sold individually and in 2-packs of certain colors.18-hour jersey boxer briefs and 18-hour jersey trunks are sold individually, and in 3-packs of certain colors.airknitx boxer briefs and airknitx trunks are sold individually, and in 3-packs of certain colors.if the product details on the right-hand side of the page don't call out a pack (and a single item is pictured), then it's not a pack. design where is mack weldon made? caret-down mack weldon is designed in new york and delivered to you from our fulfillment centers in massachusetts and california. our product is manufactured and sourced in wrap certified factories across the globe, including thailand, peru, china, egypt, and vietnam. wrap is an independent, objective, non-profit team of global social compliance experts dedicated to promoting safe, lawful, humane, and ethical manufacturing around the world through certification and education. the factories are also iso certified with high quality management systems, ensuring that our products are manufactured in the best way possible to create outstanding results.if you would like to know about a specific country of origin, please contact us. why are the labels on the outside of the underwear? caret-down the sizing info and care instructions on your mack weldon underwear are meant to face outward. after enough washes, the printing can become a bit scratchy, and we didn't want that to come between the fabric and your skin.we were also inspired by some military clothing we looked at while designing our line. these pieces were labeled on the outside for easy sorting and identification, and we thought it would be just as helpful for finding the care instructions. over the years, we've heard from many customers who do wear it the other way around - with the labels on the inside - and love it. so we think you should wear it however you feel most comfortable. does your underwear have a fly? caret-down we have many styles of underwear some of which have a fly and some of which don't.traditional right-hand fly - 18-hour jersey and silver underweartwo-way fly - silver hd underwearbutton fly - 24/7 woven boxer and 18-hour jersey knit boxerno fly - airknitx and stealth underwear what are xt2 silver and x-static? caret-down xt2™ is a metallic fiber created by combining pure silver with cotton. we use xt2™ in our silver underwear, and silver t-shirts.  we use a slightly different version called x-static in our socks. the silver's naturally antimicrobial and anti-odor qualities are woven throughout the entire product. it is not a chemical formula or finish treatment, so it never washes out.don't worry, you can wear silver through a metal detector. however, we don't recommend you wear it through an mri or other highly-sensitive machines. xt2 has very low levels of silver but x-static is more conductive and can interfere with mri machines. either way, always change into the appropriate medical gowns provided by your healthcare technician. what is airknitx hd? caret-down airknitx hd is a limited-edition version of our proprietary airknitx fabric, with new moisture-wicking texture zones and richer, deeper colors. in order to offer these new color options, we’ve revisited the fabric construction, so the texture may feel a bit different from the original—but it’s just as breathable and lightweight. can i suggest a new product? caret-down first of all, thank you for your interest—we're excited to hear that our customers love our stuff and want us to keep innovating. we're always exploring the potential of new products and fabrics, but you can pass along your suggestion by using our contact form. sizing how does the underwear fit? caret-down you can find the waist measurements for all of our underwear below.s - 28-30"m - 31-34"l - 34-36"xl- 36-40"xxl - 42-46"the waists on our underwear are designed to accommodate a range of sizes, but if you fall in between sizes and prefer a looser fit, the larger option may feel and fit better.  garment measurements can be found on the individual product pages by selecting the "size guide" button. below is more qualitative fit guidance:18-hour jersey boxer briefs - the 18-hour jersey fabric fits close to the skin without being constricting.  the inseam of 18-hour jersey boxer briefs is 6" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, the way we measure it may be different from other brands. 18-hour jersey trunks - the 18-hour jersey fabric fits close to the skin without being constricting.  the inseam of 18-hour jersey trunks is 3" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, the way we measure it may be different from other brands.18-hour jersey briefs - the 18-hour jersey fabric fits close to the skin without being constricting. 18-hour knit boxers - the 18-hour knit boxers are made with the same fabric as our 18-hour jersey underwear, but with a looser fit. they have a button fly at the crotch and a covered waistband.silver boxer briefs - the silver fabric is mostly cotton, so while it's meant to fit close to the skin, it's not as close-fitting as our other fabrics.  the inseam of silver boxer briefs is 6" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, the way we measure it may be different from other brands.silver trunks - the silver fabric is mostly cotton, so while it's meant to fit close to the skin, it's not as close-fitting as our other fabrics.  the inseam of silver trunks is 3.75" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, the way we measure it may be different from other brands.airknitx/airknitx 8" boxer briefs - the airknitx fabric is a microfiber blend that's ideal for exercise. it's flyless and close-fitting for extra support, with four-way stretch that moves with you. because of the elasticity, if you're on the lower end of a size range, you can comfortably size down. the inseam of airknitx boxer briefs is 5" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, there may be some variation in the actual fit.  the airknitx 8" boxers briefs are a modified version that adds 3" to the inseam to wick away moisture and prevent riding up while exercising.airknitx trunks - the airknitx fabric is a microfiber blend that's ideal for exercise. it's flyless and close-fitting for extra support, with four-way stretch that moves with you. because of the elasticity, if you're on the lower end of a size range, you can comfortably size down. the inseam of airknitx trunks is 3" in all sizes, but since we use a gusset instead of a traditional inseam, there may be some variation in the actual fit.airknitx briefs - the airknitx fabric is a microfiber blend that's ideal for exercise. it's flyless and close-fitting for extra support, with four-way stretch that moves with you. because of the elasticity, if you're on the lower end of a size range, you can comfortably size down.airknitx performance tights - the airknitx fabric is a microfiber blend that's ideal for exercise. it's flyless and close-fitting for extra support, with four-way stretch that moves with you.24/7 woven boxers - our woven boxers are tailored to be less bulky but still looser-fitting. you can find the outseams of the woven boxers below. the outseam is the measurement along the outside of the leg, from the top of the waistband to the leg opening. merino long underwear- the merino long underwear is made with a blend of merino wool and a natural cellulose fiber that provides stretch and durability. the fabric fits close to the skin. since the long underwear are full length, different sizes have different inseams. how do the sweats fit? caret-down our ace sweats collection is made with a combination of classic french terry and a small amount of stretch, with a micro-sanded finish for extra softness. the ace french terry has a fabric weight of 290 grams per square meter. all measurements can be found on the individual product pages by selecting the "size guide" button. below is more qualitative fit guidance:ace sweatpants - the ace sweatpants are fitted, meaning they taper at the bottom of the leg and are meant to end at the ankle (not hang below). they also have a drop crotch, meaning there's extra space below the crotch. the inseam measurements on our site's sizing chart are measured from where a traditional pant inseam would start, not from where the physical inseam of the garment starts. this way customers can determine their size using their usual pant measurements.ace shorts - the ace shorts have a 9.5" inseam in all sizes and are meant to end above the knee.ace hoodie - the ace hoodie has a trim fit, so if you're looking for something looser, try sizing up. ace half-zip - the ace half-zip has a more classic, less trim fit meant for layering. ace crew neck - the ace crew neck is meant for layering. the collar is cut wider than on a traditional sweatshirt, allowing the collar of a shirt underneath to come through. how do the polos fit? caret-down we make three polos with two different fits: classic and slim.  the silverknit and intrepid polos both have a classic fit, meaning they're looser at the waist.  the vesper polo has a slim fit, meaning it tapers toward the waist. how do the t-shirts and undershirts fit? caret-down our t-shirts and undershirts come in a variety of styles and fabrics. all measurements can be found on the individual product pages by selecting the "size guide" button. below is more qualitative fit guidance:pima crew necks and v-neck t-shirts - the pima crew necks and v-necks are designed with a slim fit, which means they taper slightly toward the waist. if you prefer a looser (or longer) fit, try sizing up. pima shirts are made of 100% cotton and are not preshrunk. a small amount of shrinkage is expected after the first wash, but as long as you follow the care instructions printed below the collar, it shouldn't affect the fit.pima long sleeve t-shirt - the pima long sleeve's fit and tailoring, body length, and chest measurements are the same as the pima short sleeves'. the sleeve lengths, listed below, are measured from the center of the back to the bottom of the sleeve.silver crew neck and v-neck t-shirts - the silver t-shirts are 6% lycra®, so they have more stretch and give than our pima t-shirts.airknitx crew neck t-shirt - the airknitx crew neck has an athletic fit for maximum movement and breathability. if you prefer a looser fit, try sizing up.airknitx long sleeve t-shirt - the airknitx long sleeve has an athletic fit for maximum movement and breathability. if you prefer a looser fit, try sizing up.merino long sleeve t-shirt - the merino long sleeve is meant to be worn on its own or under another layer. the sleeve length is measured from the highest point of the shoulder seam to the bottom of the cuff.warmknit long sleeve t-shirt - the warmknit waffle long sleeve is meant to be worn over a t-shirt or undershirt, not as a bottom layer like a traditional waffle-knit shirt. choose the size you would typically wear for a t-shirt.18-hour jersey crew neck and v-neck undershirts - the 18-hour jersey undershirts are made with the same fabric as our 18-hour jersey underwear. they're meant to fit snugly and lie smooth under a dress shirt. they're also longer in body length than our t-shirts, so they'll always stay tucked in.18-hour rib tank - the 18-hour rib tank is true to size and strategically extra-slim to ensure a bulk-free and streamlined fit.dryknit crew neck - the dryknit crew neck t-shirts are a relaxed fit meant to be worn on their own and not as an undershirt. how do the socks fit? caret-down all of our sock styles are one-size-fits-all, with enough stretch to fit most shoe sizes. everyday extended crew sock - the everyday extended crew socks are designed for feet between sizes 8-13. they can be worn at mid-calf length or pulled higher.airknitx crew sock - the airknitx crew socks are designed for feet between sizes 8-13. they're a semi-compression fit, meaning they'll feel tight. they stretch to fit 5-6 inches above the ankle.airknitx ankle sock - the airknitx ankle socks are designed for feet between sizes 8-13. they're a semi-compression fit, meaning they'll feel tight.  no show sock - the no show socks are designed for feet between sizes 9-13. they're meant to be hidden in any regular shoes or sneakers, but not deep-cut shoes like topsiders, boat shoes, or loafers.silver stealth sock - the silver stealth socks are designed for feet between sizes 9-13. they're meant to be hidden in any deep-cut shoes like topsiders, boat shoes, or loafers. what are the sizes of the accessories? caret-down all of our ion accessories are made with 100% industrial twill. the wallet, weekender, and convertible backpack come with a chrgr unit that charges most mobile devices. bonded chiller - the dimensions of the bonded chiller are 7.5" in length, 7" in width, and 10" in height when closed and rolled down. when the chiller is open and completely unrolled the height is 15".bonded tote - the dimensions of the bonded tote are 17" in length, 8" in width, and 15" in height. the height is measured to the top of the bag itself. the height of the straps are an additional 9".ion convertible backpack - the ion convertible backpack dimensions are 21" l x 15" w x 3.5" h. it weighs 27 oz. and has an 18-ltr volume capacity. the laptop sleeve can hold up to a 15" laptop. the chrgr unit measures 13.51 cm x 7.13 cm x 1.44 cm, weighs 0.43 lbs., and can be removed.ion travel kit - the ion travel kit dimensions are 10.5” l x 5” w x 4.5” h. it weights 7 oz. and has a 3.85-liter volume capacity.ion wallet - the ion wallet dimensions are 4.5” l x 3.5” w x .5” h. the chrgr unit measures 3.5 cm x 2.1 cm x .24 cm and weighs 50 g. ion weekender - the ion weekender dimensions are 22” l x 11” w x 9” h, which is small enough to be considered carry-on luggage for most major airlines. it weighs 20 oz. and has a 35-ltr volume capacity. the chrgr unit measures 13.51 cm x 7.13 cm x 1.44 cm, weighs 0.43 lbs., and can be removed. how does the swimwear fit? caret-down our swimwear comes in a variety of styles and fabrics.  all measurements can be found on the individual product pages by selecting the "size guide" button. below is more qualitative fit guidance:board shorts - board shorts have an interior drawcord to adjust the fit as needed. they do not have an interior liner or netting. the sizes are listed by the waist measurements they fit in inches. all board shorts have an 8.75" inseamswim trunks - swim trunks have an elastic waistband and an interior drawcord to adjust the fit as needed. they also have interior mesh lining for extra support. swim trunks do run a bit slimmer than board shorts, so please follow the recommended size for your waist. all swim trunks have a 6" inseam how do your pants and shorts fit? caret-down our pants and shorts come in a variety of styles and fabrics. we don't currently offer variable or customizable inseams.  all measurements can be found on the individual product pages by selecting the "size guide" button. below is more qualitative fit guidance:ace sweatpants - the ace sweatpants are fitted, meaning they taper at the bottom of the leg and are meant to end at the ankle (not hang below). they also have a drop crotch, meaning there's extra space below the crotch. the inseam measurements on our site's sizing chart are measured from where a traditional pant inseam would start, not from where the physical inseam of the garment starts. this way customers can determine their size using their usual pant measurements.ace shorts - the ace shorts have a 9.5" inseam in all sizes and are meant to end above the knee. radius pants - the radius pants are made with a stretch fabric, tapered leg, and gusset. they have an elastic waistband, and belt loops to help adjust the fit as needed.sunday lounge pants - the sunday lounge pants have a relaxed fit and cuffed ankle.4-way shorts -  the 4-way shorts are tailored but not tight, with an interior drawcord to help adjust the fit as needed. do you offer custom inseams? caret-down we do offer a "tall" version of our ace sweatpant which adds an extra 2" to each size's inseam. beyond that, we don't currently offer custom or variable inseams on any of our pants. the inseams listed in our size chart are the only ones available. gift cards do you offer gift cards? caret-down we offer digital gift cards. you can purchase $50, $100, $150, and $200 gift cards on our gift cards page. you can see the answers to some common questions about gift cards below how do i redeem my gift card? caret-down to redeem a gift card, follow the link from the email you received. you can enter the code in the gift card or discount code field on any future orders for as long as there’s a balance on the card.* orders processed with a gift card that are returned will be refunded back to the gift card.@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/5440ae68-7af8-430a-8a82-ae6757c608c4_giftcard_redeem_page.png?v=1721115926 how do i check my gift card balance? caret-down click the link from your gift card email to see the details. you can find your balance above the gift card code. can i return a gift card? caret-down our gift cards are non-refundable. if you'd like to return a purchase made with a gift card, the funds will be credited back to your gift card. what if i don't use up my whole gift card? caret-down the unused portion of your gift card automatically remains on the card and can be used for any future mack weldon purchase. when will my gift card expire? caret-down never! do you sell physical gift cards? caret-down currently, we only offer digital gift cards. but you have the option to print your gift card instead of emailing it to your recipient. website why do i need to verify my email address? caret-down we may ask you to verify your email address when you’re creating an account. we do this to protect your information, by making sure the person who provided your email address was really you.once you’ve received the verification email, just follow the link back to our site. if you have any questions, feel free to contact us. do you offer guest checkout? caret-down yes, we offer guest checkout. if you’d like to place an order without creating an account, you’ll just have to enter your email address at checkout. you can always create an account later and see any orders you’ve placed as a guest using the same email address.  keep in mind, though, that checking out as a guest won’t enroll you in ourmack weldon rewardsloyalty program, and orders placed through guest checkout won’t count towards your loyalty status, even if you create an account later. how do i create an account? caret-down to create an account, click account in the top-right corner of the homepage. on the right side of the page, under “create an account,” fill in your email address, your name, and a password. click sign up, and you’ll receive a confirmation email for your account creation. @image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/7b3d69f2-ed31-48e6-b817-2e8edcf0f8d6_create_account.png?v=1721116225 where can i see my order history? caret-down you can find your order history in your account section. to get to the account section:go to mackweldon.com and click account in the top-right corner of the page. if you’re using a mobile device, click the menu button in the top-left corner. log in, then click orders & returns.you'll see a list of any past and current orders, with the most recent at the top.for older orders, you can use the drop-down menu to select the timeframe of your orders (last 6 months, last 12 months, etc)orders that have shipped will have an option to track the shipment. orders containing items that are eligible for returns or exchanges will have a return/exchange button. to go to a receipt page with the billing and shipping addresses, items ordered, prices, discounts, and order total, click view order details. if you'd like to reorder a product, click its thumbnail image to go to the product page. how do i reset my password? caret-down you can reset your password if you forgot it, or if you just want to change it.i can't remember my passwordgo to mackweldon.com and click "account" in the top-right corner (highlighted in red below).@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/79f35181-aab8-431a-b8a4-2fd634190bab_picture1.png?v=1721116394a login field will appear on the left-hand side of the page. click "forgot your password?"@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/12622cff-ad03-4d1f-8bf0-7c44e6e0a864_picture2.png?v=1721116393enter the email address associated with your account.@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/7d792257-54cb-40df-9a29-61cc4a11a32e_picture3.png?v=1721116393click the “reset password” button. check your email for a message from mack weldon with the subject line "password reset request." follow the link in the email, then follow the instructions on the page. @image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/6fe3caba-79db-4738-b626-32e4e8285dd5_picture4.png?v=1721116393you'll be taken your updated account.i want to change my passwordlog in to your account. once logged in, go to the “my profile” dashboard in your account. click the edit button on the right-hand side of the page (see below).@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/51d0313f-54e1-4b7e-afc8-5d6e420737be_picture7.png?v=1721116393click “reset password” under the email address field.@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/2f53cd89-2975-4ed5-9d5a-be2a6b6c2935_picture6.png?v=1721116393enter the email address associated with your account. check your email for a message from mack weldon with the subject line "password reset request." follow the link in the email, then follow the instructions on the page (see below). log in to your account with your new password. how do i add a promo code to an order? caret-down to add a promo code to an order, when you’re checking out, enter your promo code in the “gift card or discount code” field, then click apply. you’ll see the discount applied to your subtotal. our promo codes don’t combine with other promotions. if you’re already receiving a discount and you enter a code, the site will apply the greatest discount (not both discounts) to your order.@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/aa768e82-d9f4-4ba9-9662-22fad58e2aa2_promo_code_giftcard.png?v=1721116671if you are using our website on a mobile device the "gift card or discount code" you will need to "show order summary" which will display the field where you can input a promo code or gift card code.@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/b2c4160f-cc9d-4523-b325-333d745a2215_mobilecheckout.png?v=1721116671 how do i place an order? caret-down adding an item to your cartyou can add an item to your cart in two ways. the first way is on the product page.@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/5a28ac2b-d1fe-4bbd-87b7-af5a93ed913a_pdpredbox.png?v=1721116836on this page: select your color.select your size from the dropdown. select your quantity using the plus and minus buttons. click add to cart. the second way is on a category page containing multiple products. @image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/c683ed88-4ca3-495f-a5d2-a42b75f6da5a_categorypage.png?v=1721116836on this page:select your color using the arrow buttons under the product.hover over the image and click quick add to select your size.once you’ve selected your size, the item will appear in your minicart in the top-right corner of the page. there, you can change the quantity using the plus and minus buttons.@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/72146ee2-1fd6-470e-b47d-77f0faf8f6d7_categoryhighlightredbox.png?v=1721116836checking outonce you’re ready to check out, click the cart button in the top-right corner of the page:@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/392a784c-8fa9-422a-a819-cf2a5fcd9ae0_slideincart.png?v=1721116836if everything looks good, click the checkout button. on the next page, you can view your order, add a promo code, or choose to pay via paypal or google pay. if you’re paying with a card, add your shipping information and click continue to shipping. @image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/eb099ec6-fe64-4fa2-ad08-66daa774a5d5_checkoutinfo.png?v=1721116835on the next page, choose your shipping method. you’ll be able to see the shipping costs added to your order.@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/099cbdd3-1715-40c6-bb72-949996e1ad61_checkoutshipping.png?v=1721116835on the next page, add your billing information.@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/6798e6de-b73f-46f6-9c7e-b2ba5759d6b4_checkoutpayment_1.png?v=1721116835once you’ve clicked complete order, you’ll see an order confirmation page. you’ll receive an order confirmation email within a couple of minutes, then a shipping confirmation email with tracking information once the order ships.@image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/19dafb57-d6a1-4795-af23-c022b762a086_orderconfirmation.png?v=1721116836using different shipping and billing addressesat step 5 of checking out, when providing your payment method, select the “use a different billing address” option and enter your billing information. @image=https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0275/8351/2624/files/8a76b05b-074f-410f-bcdf-2e767a6c2ae1_checkoutpaymentredbox_-22.png?v=1721116835 i'm having trouble placing an order. what can i do? caret-down if you're having trouble placing an order on our site, we recommend signing out, closing and reopening your browser, logging back in to the site, and trying to place the order again. alternately, you can try a different browser if you're on a desktop, or try a desktop if you're on a tablet or mobile device. an outdated browser may not read our site correctly—your best bet is chrome, which you can download for free here. if all else fails, contact us to let us know exactly what you're seeing. i’m having issues with the mack weldon site caret-down we’re sorry to hear that you are having problems or running into errors while using our site. our goal is always to provide a seamless online shopping experience.if the site is taking a long time to load, you are unable to add an item to your cart, or you are seeing an error message while using the site we recommend trying a few things. first, make sure your internet browser is up to date, an old or out-of-date browser may not be able to load all of our site’s features. we also recommend closing your browser window entirely and then reopening and trying to use the site again.if you are still having issues adding an item to your cart, the item may have gone out of stock very recently. try refreshing your browser to see if the size and color you are looking for are now in light gray, that indicates they are out of stock.if you have tried everything above and are still unable to use our site successfully please use the contact us form and a member of our customer service team will reach out via email as soon as possible.. to help us provide the best possible resolution to your issue please include a specific description of the issue you are experiencing including any error messages you see, where on the site you encounter the issue, and what you are trying to accomplish onsite. other who is mack weldon? caret-down mack weldon is about the fusion between old-school quality and modern day technology. during our brand creation, we discovered weldon, an early 20th century underwear company.  weldon had a lot of similarities to the brand we were creating in both marketing and product design. we embraced the name, flipped it a bit and made it ours. do you have any promo codes? caret-down we don’t believe promo codes offer the best value for new customers. instead, placing your first order and creating an account will earn you a spot in our loyalty program, mack weldon rewards.as a member of our mack weldon rewards program, you’ll earn points every time you shop. stack them up to save on future purchases and get free shipping on everything. how do i stop receiving emails from mack weldon? caret-down we send emails to announce new products and highlight ones we think you might like, but if you'd rather not get any more, just click the "unsubscribe" link in the footer of any email. if you can't find the "unsubscribe" link, contact us and we'll unsubscribe you. **note** you can only unsubscribe from marketing emails—you'll still get emails like order and shipping confirmations and follow-ups. how i stop receiving physical mail from mack weldon? caret-down if you got one of our catalogs in the mail and you want to opt out for the future, contact us to let us know (be sure to include your name and address) and we'll add you to our do-not-mail list.  for tips about cutting down on unwanted mail, visit usa.gov. i want to stop seeing your ads online caret-down if you've been to our site or searched for us on google, you may be seeing our ads online. to make it stop, click the "ad choices" link each time you see an ad and block it. note that you may have to do this more than once. also, keep in mind that every time you click on an ad, visit our site, or comment on our social media pages, the ads will reset—so you'll need to completely disengage with us online. verify your details get 25% off your first order* when you sign up. email icon-arrow-submit thanks for signing up. we'll see you in your inbox. chat-icon-white chat with us about us our story mw blog store locator wholesale inquiries community heroes students careers reviews support faq shipping returns size guide order status account log in order history mw rewards need help? live chat contact us instagram facebook twitter youtube pinterest 4.5 customer reviews levelaccess-logo mackweldon is committed to digital accessibility terms privacy policy accessibility statement do not sell my information © 2024 mack weldon. all rights reserved. cart bag minus-icon minus-icon plus-icon plus-icon sort-icon sort-icon filters-icon filters-icon right-arrow right-arrow right-arrow-2 right-arrow-2 chevron chevron chevron-down chevron-down solid-heart solid-heart stroke-heart stroke-heart quick-add quick-add plus plus minus minus icon-arrow-submit icon-arrow-submit instagram instagram facebook facebook pinterest pinterest twitter twitter youtube youtube close close gallery-close gallery-close gallery-check next gallery-check-next question question quote quote search search try-on-guarantee-badge try-on-guarantee-badge user user close-thick close-thick arrow-left arrow-left close-thin close-thin down down arrow arrow chat-icon chat-icon chat-icon-white chat-icon-white close-med close-med arrow-left-long arrow-left-long arrow-down arrow-down cart-bag cart-bag shopping-bag shopping-bag close-menu close-menu user-2 user-2 close-smooth close-smooth chevron-right chevron-right caret-down caret-down lock lock lock-small lock-small star star audio audio