来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20130805212837/http://www.ashford.com/info/faq.jsp
================================================================================

luxury watch movado, ebel, tag heuer, concord, bulova, breitling, seiko, esq, cartier, corum, kenneth cole, citizen, bulgari, chopard - ashford.com customer service: (866) 274-3673 shopping bag: 0 log-in / register english 中文 check order status free ground shipping shop by brand men's watches women's watches jewelry weekly deals clearance a armand nicolet asics audemars piguet audemars piguet jewelry b baume and mercier breitling bulgari bulova bulova accutron c calvin klein calvin klein jeans calvin klein jeans jewelry calvin klein jewelry caravelle cartier chopard chopard jewelry citizen coach colibri concord corum e esq by movado ebel edox emporio armani eterna f fossil jewelry fruitz g gerald genta girard-perregaux giuliano mazzuoli golana swiss h hamilton i iwc j jaquet droz jeanrichard joy watches juicy couture l locman m maurice lacroix michele milleret miore movado n nixon p paul picot perrelet philip stein philippe starck porsche pulsar r rado raymond weil relic by fossil s scatola del tempo sector seiko skagen swiss kubik t tw steel tag heuer technomarine tendence timberland tissot toywatch u u-boat v victorinox swiss army w welder wittnauer z zenith zodiac top brands bulgari watches bulova watches corum watches esq by movado watches hamilton watches iwc watches movado watches rado watches seiko watches victorinox swiss army watches zenith watches shop by style sport watches dress watches casual watches gold watches two tone watches oversized watches shop by feature automatic watches chronograph watches complication watches time zone watches calendar watches clearance watches limited edition watches watch winders mens accessories top brands bulgari watches bulova watches chopard watches corum watches esq by movado watches hamilton watches harry winston watches iwc watches movado watches rado watches seiko watches victorinox swiss army watches zenith watches shop by style diamond watches gold watches two tone watches leather watches fashion watches sport watches casual watches shop by feature automatic watches chronograph watches oversized watches clearance watches fine jewelry bracelets earrings necklaces pendants rings fashion jewelry bracelets earrings necklaces pendants rings shop clearance men's clearance women's clearance information & policies general information shipping options international orders payment options returns faqs repair center warranty anatomy of a watch testimonials print order form contact us contact us become an affiliate about ashford our history our merchandise our prices our customers our promise ashford in the news our press policies your privacy terms & conditions frequently asked questions shipping what shipping options do i have? how do i check the status of my order? does ashford ship internationally? can my purchase be shipped to an address other than my billing address? is my shipment insured? will i have to sign for my package? do you ship to po boxes or military apo/fpo addresses? what are my payment options for domestic orders? what are my payment options for international orders? returns how do i return the watch i bought from ashford? how do i obtain an rma (return merchandise number)? authenticity how do i know my watch is authentic? does the watch come with a warranty? does the watch come in its original packaging? does the watch come with paperwork? are the serial numbers on your watches intact? how do you keep your prices so low? our watch repair center what if i need to send my watch back for service? what do i do if my watch stops working? watch functions what is the difference between quartz / mechanical / automatic movements? what is the difference between a chronograph and a chronometer? how long will the battery in my watch last? what is a crystal? what does water resistant really mean? what is the best way to clean my watch? how do i maintain my watch? how do i care for my water resistant watch? my account how do i update my email address? how can i unsubscribe from your email list? shipping what shipping options do i have? at ashford, we always offer free ground shipping in the us with no minimum purchase. if you’d like your delivery sooner, we also offer overnight and two-day shipping. ups ground free (usa only) ups 2nd-day insured $19.95 ups overnight insured $29.95 ups international priority insured $59.95 we also ship free to po boxes and apo addresses via usps. we ship most of our orders on the same day they are received. this is the case if you order is placed before 3:00pm monday-thursday or before 11:00am on fridays (est). on rare occasions, certain events may delay your order. for your safety, our verification department can take from 1-3 days to process an order. also, if your order contains different shipping and billing addresses, you may be subject to additional verification. for more information on shipping times and pricing, please see our shipping information page. top how do i check the status of my order? to check the status of your order, please enter your email address and order id here. if you do not see your order or have further questions, feel free to call us at 866-ashford or email by clicking here. top does ashford ship internationally? yes. we ship to most international destinations via insured international priority ups. shipping costs are $59.95 to most international destinations. please note: we cannot be responsible for additional costs, such as customs, duties, vat, taxes, etc. you may want to contact your local customs office for an estimate before ordering. please note that we must declare the full value that you paid for your watch on the shipment. see our shipping information page for more detailed shipping information and vat estimates. top can my purchase be shipped to an address besides my billing address? yes, all credit card orders may be shipped to an alternate shipping address. however, any orders placed using paypal, google checkout, or amazon checkout must be shipped to the verified payment address. this measure is for your protection and ensures that you have authorized ashford to ship the item to an address other than your primary address. top is my shipment insured? yes. all orders shipped are fully insured against damage, loss and theft by ashford. shipping insurance is absolutely free. top will i have to sign for my package? for your protection, a signature may be required before ups can release the package. please make sure that an adult will be available at the expected time of delivery to accept and sign for the package. before accepting the package, please inspect it for any sign of tampering or damage. please review your address before your order is placed. a fee will be incurred for all address changes. top do you ship to po boxes or military apo/fpo addresses? yes, we are happy to ship to po, apo and fpo addresses via usps. we are unable to expedite orders shipped via usps, and shipments may take longer than expected. top what are my payment options for domestic orders? we gladly accept the following forms of payments for all u.s. orders: credit card (visa, mastercard, american express, discover) bank wire transfer (phone orders only) certified check (requires up to 10 days of processing) personal check (requires up to 10 days of processing) money order paypal (please note: the maximum amount allowed for a single paypal account holder transaction is $10,000. if you do not have a paypal account, a maximum of $4,000 usd is allowed for a one-time, single transaction. the shipping address must be a paypal confirmed address.) items shipped within new york state only are charged with a sales tax 8.625%. sales tax is not applicable on orders shipped anywhere outside of new york state. top what are my payment options for international orders? we gladly accept these forms of payments for international orders: credit card (visa, mastercard, american express, discover) bank wire transfer all items shipped to any address outside the united states are considered final sales and cannot be returned. please note that we must declare the amount that you paid for your watch on the invoice included with the shipment. we are unable to declare the item as a gift, when shipping. top returns how do i return the watch i bought from ashford? we want you to be completely happy with your order. if you are unsatisfied for any reason, we will gladly accept your return within 30 days from the date you received it. returned merchandise must include the manufacturer packaging, manuals and warranty cards along with all other paperwork. returned merchandise must be in the same condition as when it was received. used or worn merchandise cannot be returned unless it is defective. please note; a shipping and handling fee to return an item is as follows: $19.95 will be deducted for any 2nd day delivery orders, and $29.95 for any overnight orders. if you selected free ground, no shipping and handling fees will be deducted from your refund. american express and discover card orders are subject to a 3% restocking fee. on the front of your shipping box, please note the rma (return merchandize authorization) number. if you do not have an rma number, please contact one of our service representatives via email or call us at 866-ashford (866-274-3673). our dedicated team will be happy to assist you. if you are requesting a repair, please enclose the repair form inside the shipping box. please note: all items shipped to any address outside the united states are considered a final sale and cannot be returned. for more information, please refer to our return policy page. top how do i obtain an rma (return merchandise number)? please contact one of our service representatives via email or call us at 866-ashford (866-274-3673). our dedicated service team will be happy to assist you. top authenticity how do i know my watch is authentic? ashford watches are direct from the manufacturers with original packaging, manuals, warranty cards and serial number identification. every watch carried by ashford is a 100% verified new, unworn, original and authentic watch. top does the watch come with a warranty? yes, all our watches are covered by our two-year extensive ashford warranty. ashford is the authorized reseller of many brands, and the non-authorized reseller to several others.  whether the watches are authorized or non-authorized, every watch from ashford is guaranteed to be: protected by our two year warranty 100% genuine and authentic with manufacturer’s serial number shipped in its original box with its original packing and owner’s guide the warranty coverage is in effect for two years from the date of purchase on all brand name watches unless otherwise specified. the ashford warranty covers the watch movement and battery replacement. it also covers defects in material and/or workmanship. the ashford warranty does not cover the watch case, bracelet, straps, crown/stem, crystal/glass, or finishes and polishing. damage arising from use that exceeds the manufacturer's specifications for water resistance is not covered. the warranty does not cover damage caused by wear and tear, and/or accidental or intentional misuse or abuse. improper repair or warranty service performed by someone other than ashford will void this warranty. if your watch needs repair, the ashford repair center employs a team of skilled, highly qualified and experienced professional watch makers. we are happy to offer expedited repair services are provided within the warranty period. top does the watch come in its original packaging? yes, all of our watches come in the original manufacturer's packaging, complete with official paperwork. does the watch come with paperwork? yes, all ashford watches come with the original manufacturer's manual and warranty card. top are the serial numbers on your watches intact? yes, all our watches are authentic and bear original serial numbers verifying their authenticity. top how do you keep your prices so low? as ashford has grown, we have developed the capacity to purchase large quantities of inventory at excellent prices. our buyers are luxury experts, and have a passion for finding you the best pieces at the best prices. it is our pleasure to pass the savings back to our customers, and provide you the best service with in-stock, ready to ship luxury products. top our watch repair center what if i need to send my watch back for service? for warranty services contact ashford customer support toll-free at: 866-ashford (866-274-3673) or via email. shipping & shipping insurance costs for warranty returns to ashford must be covered by the customer. all watches should be sent by prepaid insured traceable mail courier. the tracking number for your return must be emailed to us upon shipment. all warranty returns must have a return merchandise authorization number (rma). please contact us prior to returning your order for the rma#. this number must be boldly displayed on the outside of the box. a watch returned without an rma# will be refused. in order to process your repair you must include our repair form. top what do i do if my watch stops working? simply call our customer service number at 866-ashford (866-274-3673) and speak to one of our authorized watch experts to request a replacement inspection, or contact us via e-mail. top watch functions what is the difference between quartz / mechanical / automatic movements? the following are descriptions of the three movement types: quartz watches watches that have quartz movements are a relatively new development in watch history. quartz crystals have a unique property in that when they are compressed or bent, they conduct a constant voltage, or pulse, on their surface. this constant voltage can be used to power quartz watches with exact precision. rather than a wound spring (mechanical movement), quartz watches rely on a battery for their energy. the battery sends electrical energy to the tiny quartz crystal, which in turn creates a pulse at regular, constant levels. because the pulse (also called an impulse) is extremely constant, quartz movements ensure precision timekeeping, accurate down to hundredths of a second. to convert the impulse into a steady power that can move the watch hands at regular intervals, the impulse is simply passed through a stepping motor that converts the electrical energy of the impulse into mechanical energy that is needed to run the watch. since the early 1970's, quartz watches have become very popular, for both manufacturer and consumers, due to the fact that quartz watches are less expensive than mechanical movement watches and can be easily manufactured in large volumes. mechanical movements if a watch is said to have mechanical movement, this means that the watch has a device for keeping time, which uses the energy from a wound spring, and keeps time through the highly regulated release of that energy through a set of gears and an escapement. this device must be wound periodically, ensuring that the wound spring is continually loaded to power the watch. it differs from the typical quartz watch in that it uses purely mechanical components to keep time. a normal mechanical watch can run for about 40 hours on one full winding of the mainspring, and a few designs that can last up to 8 or 10 days are also available. the general design of mechanical movement watches have not changed notably in the past fifty years. but, the development of greater technology and modern materials has changed the way mechanical movement watches are manufactured. automatic movements watches that are powered by automatic movements operate similar to a watch with mechanical movements, except that the winding of the spring occurs automatically, every time the wearer moves his or her arm. a rotor that turns in response to motion winds the watch's mainspring, supplying the needed energy to power the watch. the obvious benefit of an automatic movement is that there is never a need to replace a battery or to wind the watch. keeping this in mind, it is necessary to occasionally "tune up" an automatic watch to ensure timekeeping is precise. top what is the difference between a chronograph and a chronometer? a chronograph is a watch that has a stopwatch function. typically, the top pusher will start and stop the chronograph. the bottom pusher will reset it. the chronograph generally cannot reset in the running state. special fly back models allow the chronograph to be reset at any time. the movement of a chronometer has passed a series of accurate time keeping tests, and is certified as a superior timekeeper. many watch makers will put their movements through this test to illustrate their accuracy. the dial will typically have the word "chronometer" or "chronometre" on the dial. to become a chronometer, the watch movement must pass 15 days of severe tests. the accuracy of the movement is checked in 5 different positions at varied temperatures. this simulates conditions under which the watch might be worn. the watch must average between +6 and -4 seconds per day in order to earn the certification. if a watch is described simply as a "chrono", it is generally safe to assume it is a chronograph. top how long will the battery in my watch last? this depends on the age of the watch and the types of functions (e.g., stopwatch, chronograph applications, alarms, second hand, etc.). expect to replace your watch battery every two to five years. top what is a crystal? a watch crystal is a transparent cover which protects the watch dial. top what does water resistant really mean? a watch marked as water resistant without a depth indication is designed to withstand accidental splashes of water only. do not submerge such a watch. higher levels of water resistance are indicated by increasingly higher acceptable depths, usually indicated in meters. there are a variety of ways to make a watch water resistant. all such watches use rubber gaskets or "o" rings to seal the case back. a watch with a back that screws onto the case provides a higher degree of water resistance. some crowns (the "winding stem") actually screw into the case to further increase water resistance. top usage recommendations the following usage recommendations are suggested by the seiko watch corporation of america. water-resistant to 30 meters (98 feet). will withstand splashes of water or rain but should not be worn while swimming or diving. water-tested to 50 meters (164 feet). suitable for showering or swimming in shallow water. water-tested to 100 meters (328 feet). suitable for swimming and snorkeling. water-tested to 150 meters (492 feet). suitable for snorkeling. water-tested to 200 meters (656 feet). suitable for skin diving. diver's 150 meters (492 feet). meets iso standards and is suitable for scuba diving. diver's 200 meters (656 feet). meets iso standards and is suitable for scuba diving. please note that we do not recommend swimming or diving with your watch unless it has a screw-down crown (also known as "screw-lock" or "screw-in" crown) and is water-resistant to at least 100 meters. top what is the best way to clean my watch? the best way to clean your watch is by using a lint-free cloth and a toothpick. use the toothpick to clean out any dirt buildup in the bracelet or casing of the watch and the cloth to wipe it clean. if it is water-resistant, give it an occasional cleaning with a mixture of warm water and a mild soap. if the strap is leather or non-metal, clean only the case. top how do i maintain my watch? although automatic mechanical watches do not have batteries, some simple maintenance is necessary for continued and long-lasting accurate use. self-winding automatic watches depend on the movement of the arm to operate and do require some winding, even if you wear your watch on a daily basis. if you wear your automatic watch every day, it is best to wind it once every two weeks to keep the wheels in motion and lubricated with oil fluid. simply wind the crown (the same knob used to adjust the time and date) until you meet slight resistance. if you do not wear your automatic watch every day, you should try to wind it at least twice a week to ensure continuous operation, as well as keeping the inside mechanism in complete running order. try to wind your mechanical watch at the same time every day. this is extremely beneficial for the mechanism. top how do i care for my water resistant watch? water resistance is not a permanent state and needs to be maintained. if you submerge your watch regularly in water, you should have your watch serviced yearly to verify that all the seals are intact. it is not recommended to wear your water resistant watch in a hot shower, sauna or hot tub. the extreme heat causes the metal parts to expand at a different rate than the rubber gaskets. this creates small openings that can allow water droplets to penetrate the watch. sudden temperature changes are especially harsh. take care not to jump into a cold pool after wearing your watch in the hot tub. after swimming or diving in salt water, immediately rinse the watch in a stream of fresh water. if your watch has a rotating bezel, turn the bezel several times while rinsing it. this will prevent salt buildup and corrosion of the bezel ring. leather straps can be made to be water resistant. generally however, leather straps are more easily damaged by frequent exposure to water. if you would like to wear your watch while swimming - think of buying one with a metal bracelet or a rubber or nylon diver strap. top your account how do i update my email address? you can update your email address by logging in and clicking on the "edit my information" link. make any changes you need to your profile, then scroll to the bottom of the page, and click "update" button to save those changes. top how can i unsubscribe from your email list? you can unsubscribe from ashford email by clicking here or selecting the link at the bottom of marketing emails you receive from ashford. please note, even if you elect not to receive email, or subsequently ask to be removed from the ashford email marketing list, you may still receive email confirmations for gift card purchases made on our website, confirmations of our receipt of questions submitted, and other operational emails. top customer testimonials i have received the parcel and want to congratulate everyone involved for the professional manner my order was handled. the watch is beautiful and my wife will be surprised and ecstatic with her 50th birthday present. i would recommend your company to anyone. d. h. australia ashford has excellent customer service representatives and my questions were answered quickly and courteously. i am an extremely satisfied customer and will be a return customer...hopefully soon. overall, my experience with ashford was a pleasant and worry-free one. five stars all the way! mack46 just wanted to say thank you for the great service. got my tag heuer in one day and was pleased as to how it was packaged. it was evident that great care was taken in shipping my watch. thanks again. i will surely recommend your site to my friends and family. ljl more view all brands > save on top watch brands a . b . c . e . f . g . h . i . j . l . m . n . p . r . s . t . u . v . w . z armand nicolet asics audemars piguet baume and mercier breitling bulgari bulova bulova accutron calvin klein calvin klein jeans calvin klein jeans jewelry calvin klein jewelry caravelle cartier chopard chopard jewelry coach colibri concord corum esq by movado ebel emporio armani eterna fossil jewelry fruitz gerald genta girard-perregaux giuliano mazzuoli golana swiss hamilton iwc jaquet droz jeanrichard joy watches locman maurice lacroix michele milleret miore movado nixon paul picot perrelet philip stein philippe starck porsche pulsar rado raymond weil relic by fossil scatola del tempo seiko skagen swiss kubik tw steel tag heuer technomarine tendence timberland tissot toywatch u-boat victorinox swiss army welder wittnauer zenith zodiac join the 'a' list updates on special offers & sales events lets get social like us and we will love you back free ground shipping 30 day money back guarantee 2 year warranty 100% brand-new & authentic over 1 million satisfied customers leading online business service secure shopping guarantee company info about ashford.com contact us testimonials terms & conditions privacy policy become an affiliate my account account login order status my wishlist address book payment info join the "a" list support returns policy print order form shipping warranty faqs top searches automatic watches chronograph watches gold watches oversized watches limited edition watches fashion watches copyright © 2013 ashford.com all rights reserved. telephone code: direct