来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230044155/https://www.ashford.com/faq
================================================================================

faq javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. + 1(212)813-1111 wish list log in / register toggle nav search search products advanced search currency usd cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won language english 简体中文 한국어 繁體中文 my cart menu shop by brand top brands rado hamilton calvin klein glycine tissot blancpain girard-perregaux swarovski christian dior sunglasses fendi sunglasses a alpina anonimo armand nicolet armani exchange arnette avi-8 b ball baume and mercier blancpain bomberg breguet breitling bulova burberry c calvin klein carl f. bucherer carrera casio cccp certina chloe sunglasses chopard christian dior christian dior sunglasses citizen coach columbia costa del mar d daniel wellington de grisogono diesel dolce & gabbana dragon alliance dufa e eberhard & co edox emporio armani eterna f fendi sunglasses ferrari fossil frederique constant furla g girard-perregaux givenchy glam rock glashutte glycine gucci sunglasses guess h hamilton hugo boss hunter i ice ingersoll invicta isw j jacques lemans jacy james mccabe jaquet droz jivago john varvatos juicy couture k kate spade kenneth cole l lacoste le specs lucien piccard luminox m marc jacobs maui jim maurice lacroix michael kors michael kors sunglasses mido miu miu montegrappa movado mulco n nautica nike nixon o oakley orient oris p persol piaget polaroid police prada puma r rado ralph lauren ray-ban rebecca minkoff rotary s s.t. dupont salvatore ferragamo shinola skagen sperry spinnaker splendid stuhrling suncloud swarovski t tag heuer technomarine thomas earnshaw tissot tom ford tommy hilfiger tory burch u u-boat v versace versus versace z zenith blancpainarmaniacqua by timexcarriage by timexharwoodclassicschwarz etienneroma big dateprestigebluemarineimperianuitbolt-69bolt-71bolt-72bolt-70classic eveklassikholst slimconnected falsterfalster 1falster 2grandinvicta connectiongarrisongen 4 sofieaccess dylangen 4 runwaygen 4 mkgogen 4 exploristgen 4 venturesentrymens watches top brands rado hamilton calvin klein glycine tissot blancpain girard perregaux nixon invicta bomberg technomarine frederique constant movado all sale items! our best sellers! new arrivals! features automatic chronograph gold tone leather/strap menswomens watches top brands rado calvin klein tissot girard-perregaux jacques lemans nixon bomberg invicta technomarine all sale items! our best sellers! new arrivals! features gold tone leather/strap automatic/mechanical womensjewelry featured brands swarovski shop by type women's earrings women's rings women's brooches women's bracelets men's jewelry mens jewelrywomens women'ssunglasses top brands christian dior fendi tom ford ray ban prada dolce & gabbana others! all sale items! our best sellers! new arrivals! mens sunglassesblack fridayclearanceon sale now!doorbuster account settings language default store view chinese site korean site taiwan site currency usd - us dollar cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won home faq customer service(need help?) contact us payment shipping international orders warranty returns repairs testimonials faqs frequently asked questions shipping what shipping options do i have? how do i check the status of my order? does ashford ship internationally? can my purchase be shipped to an address other than my billing address? is my shipment insured? will i have to sign for my package? do you ship to po boxes or military apo/fpo addresses? what are my payment options for domestic orders? what are my payment options for international orders? returns how do i return the watch i bought from ashford? how do i obtain an rma (return merchandise number)? authenticity how do i know my watch is authentic? does the watch come with a warranty? does the watch come in its original packaging? does the watch come with paperwork? are the serial numbers on your watches intact? how do you keep your prices so low? watch functions what is the difference between quartz / mechanical / automatic movements? what is the difference between a chronograph and a chronometer? how long will the battery in my watch last? what is a crystal? are watches really waterproof? what does water resistant really mean? what is the best way to clean my watch? how do i maintain my watch? how do i care for my water resistant watch? my account how do i update my email address? how can i unsubscribe from your email list? close x faq what shipping options do i have? at ashford, we always offer free ground shipping in the us with no minimum purchase. if you'd like your delivery sooner, we also offer overnight and two-day shipping. ups ground free (usa only) ups 2nd-day insured $19.95 ups overnight insured $29.95 ups international priority insured $59.95 ucs $29.95 (china only) pick up from ashford hong kong collection center $29.95 we also ship free to po boxes and apo addresses via usps. we ship most of our orders on the same day they are received. this is the case if you order is placed before 3:00pm monday-thursday or before 11:00am on fridays (est). on rare occasions, certain events may delay your order. for your safety, our verification department can take from 1-3 days to process an order. also, if your order contains different shipping and billing addresses, you may be subject to additional verification. for more information on shipping times and pricing, please see the shipping page. close x faq how do i check the status of my order? to check the status of your order, please enter your email address and order id here. if you do not see your order or have further questions, feel free to call us at 866-ashford or email by clicking here. close x faq does ashford ship internationally? yes. we ship to most international destinations via insured international priority ups. shipping costs are $59.95 to most international destinations. please note: we cannot be responsible for additional costs, such as customs, duties, vat, taxes, etc. you may want to contact your local customs office for an estimate before ordering. please note that we must declare the full value that you paid for your watch on the shipment. see our international orders page for more detailed shipping information and vat estimates. close x faq can my purchase be shipped to an address other than my billing address? yes, all credit card orders may be shipped to an alternate shipping address. however, any orders placed using paypal, google checkout, or amazon checkout must be shipped to the verified payment address. this measure is for your protection and ensures that you have authorized ashford to ship the item to an address other than your primary address. close x faq is my shipment insured? yes. all orders shipped are fully insured against damage, loss and theft by ashford. shipping insurance is absolutely free. close x faq will i have to sign for my package? for your protection, a signature may be required before ups can release the package. please make sure that an adult will be available at the expected time of delivery to accept and sign for the package. before accepting the package, please inspect it for any sign of tampering or damage. please review your address before your order is placed. a fee will be incurred for all address changes. close x faq do you ship to po boxes or military apo/fpo addresses? yes, we are happy to ship to po, apo and fpo addresses via usps. we are unable to expedite orders shipped via usps, and shipments may take longer than expected. close x faq what are my payment options for domestic orders? we gladly accept the following forms of payments for all u.s. orders: credit card (visa, mastercard, american express, discover) bank wire transfer (phone orders only) certified check (requires up to 10 days of processing) personal check (requires up to 10 days of processing) money order paypal (please note: the maximum amount allowed for a single paypal account holder transaction is $10,000. if you do not have a paypal account, a maximum of $4,000 usd is allowed for a one-time, single transaction. the shipping address must be a paypal confirmed address.) items shipped within new york, connecticut, massachusetts and rhode island will be charged state sales tax. close x faq what are my payment options for international orders? we gladly accept these forms of payments for international orders: credit card (visa, mastercard, american express, discover) bank wire transfer alipay paypal all items shipped to any address outside the united states are considered final sales and cannot be returned. please note that we must declare the amount that you paid for your watch on the invoice included with the shipment. we are unable to declare the item as a gift, when shipping. close x faq how do i return the watch i bought from ashford? we want you to be 100% satisfied with your purchase. if for any reason you are not, simply send your item back to ashford in the same condition it was delivered, and ashford would be happy to provide either a full refund of the purchase price or a store credit toward an exchange. your item may only be returned as long as you have not worn or sized it. all new items may be returned within 30 days of their delivery date. all certified pre-owned items may be returned within 14 days of their delivery date. all items sold by ashford are 100% brand new unless they are clearly described as “certified pre-owned.” returned merchandise must include the manufacturer packaging, manuals and warranty cards, where applicable, along with all paperwork that was delivered with the watch. returned merchandise must be in the same condition as when it was delivered. worn or sized merchandise cannot be returned. on the front of your shipping box, please note the rma (return merchandize authorization) number. if you do not have an rma number, please contact one of our service representatives via email or call us at 866-ashford (866-274-3673). our dedicated team will be happy to assist you. please note: - all items shipped to any address outside the united states are considered a final sale and cannot be returned. - ashford will only refund the value of the item that is being returned or exchanged; any shipping fees from the original purchase will not be refunded. - return shipping is the responsibility of the customer -- american express and discover card orders are subject to a 3% restocking fee. for more information, please refer to our returns page. close x faq how do i obtain an rma (return merchandise number)? please contact one of our service representatives via email. or call us at 866-ashford (866-274-3673). our dedicated service team will be happy to assist you. close x faq how do i know my watch is authentic? all items sold by ashford are 100% genuine and authentic with their original serial numbers intact. additionally, all items sold by ashford are brand new, unworn and free of defects, unless they are clearly described as “certified pre-owned.” all new ashford items include original packaging, care manuals, and warranty cards, where applicable. most ashford items are sourced directly from the manufacturers. close x faq does the watch come with a warranty? yes, we offer a two year extensive warranty on any new timepiece bought at ashford and a one year extensive warranty on any certified pre-owned timepiece bought at ashford. all items sold by ashford are 100% brand new unless they are clearly described as “certified pre-owned.” our warranty covers the most important part of a watch: the movement. we are well-equipped and ready to repair even the most complicated movement with the utmost care. in addition, we will replace your battery for two years from the date of purchase. our warranty does not cover any damage to the movement resulting from mistreatment, improper use or from the wearer exceeding the manufacturer’s water resistance limitations. additionally, we do not cover the watch case, bracelet, strap, crown, stem, crystal/glass and the watch finish. the warranty will be voided if there are signs of shock to the watch. please note that these warranties are valid only at ashford. repair or warranty service performed by someone other than ashford will void these warranties. close x faq does the watch come in its original packaging? yes, all of our new watches come in the original manufacturer's packaging. our certified pre-owned watches will either come in the original manufacturer’s packaging or in ashford’s own luxury packaging. all items sold by ashford are 100% brand new unless they are clearly described as “certified pre-owned.” close x faq does the watch come with paperwork? yes, all our new watches come with the original manufacturer's manual and warranty card in addition to ashford’s own extensive 2 year warranty card. our certified pre-owned watches come with ashford’s own 1 year warranty card and in many cases the instruction manual and manufacturer’s warranty card will also be included. all items sold by ashford are 100% brand new unless they are clearly described as “certified pre-owned.” close x faq are the serial numbers on your watches intact? yes, all our watches are authentic and bear original serial numbers verifying their authenticity. close x faq how do you keep your prices so low? as ashford has grown, we have developed the capacity to purchase large quantities of inventory at excellent prices. our buyers are luxury experts, and have a passion for finding you the best pieces at the best prices. it is our pleasure to pass the savings back to our customers, and provide you the best service with in-stock, ready to ship luxury products. close x faq what is the difference between quartz / mechanical / automatic movements? the following are descriptions of the three movement types: quartz watches watches that have quartz movements are a relatively new development in watch history. quartz crystals have a unique property in that when they are compressed or bent, they conduct a constant voltage, or pulse, on their surface. this constant voltage can be used to power quartz watches with exact precision. rather than a wound spring (mechanical movement), quartz watches rely on a battery for their energy. the battery sends electrical energy to the tiny quartz crystal, which in turn creates a pulse at regular, constant levels. because the pulse (also called an impulse) is extremely constant, quartz movements ensure precision timekeeping, accurate down to hundredths of a second. to convert the impulse into a steady power that can move the watch hands at regular intervals, the impulse is simply passed through a stepping motor that converts the electrical energy of the impulse into mechanical energy that is needed to run the watch. since the early 1970's, quartz watches have become very popular, for both manufacturer and consumers, due to the fact that quartz watches are less expensive than mechanical movement watches and can be easily manufactured in large volumes. mechanical movements if a watch is said to have mechanical movement, this means that the watch has a device for keeping time, which uses the energy from a wound spring, and keeps time through the highly regulated release of that energy through a set of gears and an escapement. this device must be wound periodically, ensuring that the wound spring is continually loaded to power the watch. it differs from the typical quartz watch in that it uses purely mechanical components to keep time. a normal mechanical watch can run for about 40 hours on one full winding of the mainspring, and a few designs that can last up to 8 or 10 days are also available. the general design of mechanical movement watches have not changed notably in the past fifty years. but, the development of greater technology and modern materials has changed the way mechanical movement watches are manufactured. automatic movements watches that are powered by automatic movements operate similar to a watch with mechanical movements, except that the winding of the spring occurs automatically, every time the wearer moves his or her arm. a rotor that turns in response to motion winds the watch's mainspring, supplying the needed energy to power the watch. the obvious benefit of an automatic movement is that there is never a need to replace a battery or to wind the watch. keeping this in mind, it is necessary to occasionally "tune up" an automatic watch to ensure timekeeping is precise. close x faq what is the difference between a chronograph and a chronometer? a chronograph is a watch that has a stopwatch function. typically, the top pusher will start and stop the chronograph. the bottom pusher will reset it. the chronograph generally cannot reset in the running state. special fly back models allow the chronograph to be reset at any time. the movement of a chronometer has passed a series of accurate time keeping tests, and is certified as a superior timekeeper. many watch makers will put their movements through this test to illustrate their accuracy. the dial will typically have the word "chronometer" or "chronometre" on the dial. to become a chronometer, the watch movement must pass 15 days of severe tests. the accuracy of the movement is checked in 5 different positions at varied temperatures. this simulates conditions under which the watch might be worn. the watch must average between +6 and -4 seconds per day in order to earn the certification. if a watch is described simply as a “chrono”, it is generally safe to assume it is a chronograph. close x faq how long will the battery in my watch last? this depends on the age of the watch and the types of functions (e.g., stopwatch, chronograph applications, alarms, second hand, etc.). expect to replace your watch battery every two to five years. close x faq what is a crystal? a watch crystal is a transparent cover which protects the watch dial. close x faq are watches really waterproof? a watch marked as water resistant without a depth indication is designed to withstand accidental splashes of water only. do not submerge such a watch. higher levels of water resistance are indicated by increasingly higher acceptable depths, usually indicated in meters. there are a variety of ways to make a watch water resistant. all such watches use rubber gaskets or "o" rings to seal the case back. a watch with a back that screws onto the case provides a higher degree of water resistance. some crowns (the "winding stem") actually screw into the case to further increase water resistance. close x faq what does water resistant really mean? a watch marked as water resistant without a depth indication is designed to withstand accidental splashes of water only. do not submerge such a watch. higher levels of water resistance are indicated by increasingly higher acceptable depths, usually indicated in meters. there are a variety of ways to make a watch water resistant. all such watches use rubber gaskets or "o" rings to seal the case back. a watch with a back that screws onto the case provides a higher degree of water resistance. some crowns (the "winding stem") actually screw into the case to further increase water resistance. usage recommendations the following usage recommendations are suggested by the seiko watch corporation of america. water-resistant to 30 meters (98 feet). will withstand splashes of water or rain but should not be worn while swimming or diving. water-tested to 50 meters (164 feet). suitable for showering or swimming in shallow water. water-tested to 100 meters (328 feet). suitable for swimming and snorkeling. water-tested to 150 meters (492 feet). suitable for snorkeling. water-tested to 200 meters (656 feet). suitable for skin diving. diver’s 150 meters (492 feet). meets iso standards and is suitable for scuba diving. diver’s 200 meters (656 feet). meets iso standards and is suitable for scuba diving. please note that we do not recommend swimming or diving with your watch unless it has a screw-down crown (also known as “screw-lock” or “screw-in” crown) and is water-resistant to at least 100 meters. close x faq what is the best way to clean my watch? the best way to clean your watch is by using a lint-free cloth and a toothpick. use the toothpick to clean out any dirt buildup in the bracelet or casing of the watch and the cloth to wipe it clean. if it is water-resistant, give it an occasional cleaning with a mixture of warm water and a mild soap. if the strap is leather or non-metal, clean only the case. close x faq how do i maintain my watch? although automatic mechanical watches do not have batteries, some simple maintenance is necessary for continued and long-lasting accurate use. self-winding automatic watches depend on the movement of the arm to operate and do require some winding, even if you wear your watch on a daily basis. if you wear your automatic watch every day, it is best to wind it once every two weeks to keep the wheels in motion and lubricated with oil fluid. simply wind the crown (the same knob used to adjust the time and date) until you meet slight resistance. if you do not wear your automatic watch every day, you should try to wind it at least twice a week to ensure continuous operation, as well as keeping the inside mechanism in complete running order. try to wind your mechanical watch at the same time every day. this is extremely beneficial for the mechanism. close x faq how do i care for my water resistant watch? water resistance is not a permanent state and needs to be maintained. if you submerge your watch regularly in water, you should have your watch serviced yearly to verify that all the seals are intact. it is not recommended to wear your water resistant watch in a hot shower, sauna or hot tub. the extreme heat causes the metal parts to expand at a different rate than the rubber gaskets. this creates small openings that can allow water droplets to penetrate the watch. sudden temperature changes are especially harsh. take care not to jump into a cold pool after wearing your watch in the hot tub. after swimming or diving in salt water, immediately rinse the watch in a stream of fresh water. if your watch has a rotating bezel, turn the bezel several times while rinsing it. this will prevent salt buildup and corrosion of the bezel ring. leather straps can be made to be water resistant. generally however, leather straps are more easily damaged by frequent exposure to water. if you would like to wear your watch while swimming - think of buying one with a metal bracelet or a rubber or nylon diver strap. close x faq how do i update my email address? you can update your email address by logging in and clicking on the “edit my information” link. make any changes you need to your profile, then scroll to the bottom of the page, and click “update” button to save those changes. close x faq how can i unsubscribe from your email list? you can unsubscribe from ashford email by selecting the link at the bottom of marketing emails you receive from ashford. please note, even if you elect not to receive email, or subsequently ask to be removed from the ashford email marketing list, you may still receive email confirmations for gift card purchases made on our website, confirmations of our receipt of questions submitted, and other operational emails. join the 'a' list updates on special offers & sales events newsletter sign up for our newsletter: follow us: 30 day money back guarantee 2 year warranty 100% brand-new & authentic over 1 million satisfied customers company info about ashford.com contact us testimonials terms & conditions privacy policy become an affiliate my account account login order status my wishlist address book payment info support returns policy shipping warranty faqs top searches automatic watches chronograph watches gold watches limited edition watches ashford luxury watchesashford is a leader in the online luxury discount watch industry, offering the finest timepieces from around the world at exceptional prices.with over 20 years of watch knowledge and expertise, serving millions of customers worldwide, the client service specialists at ashford understand the importance of the decision-making process and are available to assist you in selecting the perfect timepiece for any occasion. we strive to provide our clients with a luxury experience and exceptional value.driven by our desire to cater to watch enthusiasts, collectors and connoisseurs, we do more than sell watches at discount prices, we build relationships. copyright © 2019 ashford.com all rights reserved. direct