来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231203953/https://www.ashford.com/terms
================================================================================

terms the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. + 1(212)813-1111 shop early with peace of mind! free standard shipping on us orders • extended holiday returns* wish list log in / register search advanced search search english 简体中文 한국어 繁體中文 usd cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won my cart menu shop by brand all brands a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p r s t u v w z a alexander mcqueen alpina anne klein anonimo b b swiss by bucherer baume and mercier bedat & co bell & ross blancpain bomberg bottega veneta breguet breitling briston bruno magli bulova burberry c calibre calvin klein caravelle by bulova carl f. bucherer carrera cartier cccp certina charles girardier charriol chloe christian dior christian van sant citizen claude bernard coach corum costa del mar cvstos d daniel wellington delacour dewitt diesel dietrich dolce gabbana dubois et fils e edox emporio armani english laundry ermenegildo zegna eterna f favre-leuba fendi ferragamo ferre milano fortis franck dubarry franck muller frederique constant g gevril giorgio armani girard-perregaux givenchy glam rock glashutte glycine graham grovana gucci guess gv2 by gevril h hamilton i ice invicta irresistor isw italia independent iwc j jacques lemans jacy jaquet droz jimmy choo jivago johan eric jovial junghans just cavalli k kenneth cole l locman louis erard m mathey tissot matsuda meistersinger michael kors mido montegrappa mulco mykita n nautica nike o oakley oceanaut oliver peoples oris p philip stein porsche design prada r rado rebel retrosuperfuture revue thommen roberto bianci roberto cavalli romain jerome rudiger s s.t. dupont saint laurent seapro sector seiko skagen smith optics solar aqua spy stuhrling swarovski swiza t tag heuer technomarine teslar thomas earnshaw tiffany co. timex tissot tod's tom ford triwa tutima u u-boat v versace verso victoria beckham victorinox swiss army visconti w wenger z zenith zeno mens watcheswomens watchesjewelry featured brands swarovski shop by type women's earrings women's rings women's brooches women's bracelets men's jewelry mens jewelrymens cufflinkwomens jewelry setwomens necklacebraceletringearringsunglasses top brands chloe christian dior fendi ferragamo gucci prada ray ban verso others all sale items! our best sellers! new arrivals! polarized eyewear non-polarized eyewear opticals mens sunglassesfragranceswomens fragrancesmens fragrancesmore more products handbags scarves footwear wallets writing instruments mens hatwomens hatwomens scarvesmens handbagswomens handbagsmens accessoriesmens cufflinkmens braceletmens money clipmens pendantmens key ringmens gift setmens card casewomens accessoriespenswomens card casemens watch braceletwomens cufflinkwomens money clipmens pocket watchmens watch winderwomens watch winderwatch winderbeltsmens lighterfootwearmens watchwomens watchmens mens clockwomens ornamentwomens womens walletwomens braceletwomens broochmens ornamentmens figurinewomens figurinewomens clockclearanceon sale now!new arrivalsflash deals account settings language default store view chinese site korean site taiwan site currency usd - us dollar cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won customer service terms & conditions privacy policy terms & conditions effective november 03, 2021 welcome to ashford.com. these terms and conditions of use, including any incorporated terms (defined below) other provisions or policies incorporated herein by reference (collectively, the "terms") apply to the web site located at www.ashford.com and all associated sites, microsites, mobile device applications or other portals linked or connected to www.ashford.com by united time group, llc (collectively, the "site"). this site is the property of united time group, llc (referred to as "ashford"). please read these terms carefully. by accessing and/or using the site, you agree to be bound by them. if you do not agree, you may not access or use the site. by using the site, you agree that you are able and legally competent (or, if you are 14-17 years old, you have the consent of a parent or guardian, who, as provided below, is bound by these terms) to agree and comply with these terms. if you do not agree to these terms, or if you are not legally competent (or, if you are 14-17 years old, accessing without the consent of a parent or guardian), then you may not use this site. these terms contain provisions that govern the resolution of claims between ashford and you. please see the legal disputes section for details. terms incorporated by reference. certain other terms and policies govern the access and use of the site (and/or portions thereof), the collection and use of personally identifiable information obtained in connection with the site, and transactions occurring on, by and through the site. the following terms and policies (the "incorporated terms") are incorporated by reference, shall be deemed a part of the terms, and you hereby agree to them. please click on the link to view them. privacy policy. we take your privacy seriously. please review ashford's privacy policy to understand the information we may collect, and how we may use it. shipping and payment policy. please read ashford's shipping and payment policy for information on placing and receiving your order. warranty policy. please read ashford's warranty policy to learn about what is covered when you purchase a product on the site. return policy. please read ashford's return policy for information on how to return an item. modification of terms. modification of terms. ashford reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove these terms, or portions of them, at any time. please check these terms periodically for changes. your continued access and/or use of the site following the posting of any modifications to these terms shall constitute your acceptance of and agreement to any new or amended terms. description of services. description of services. ashford may provide users of the site with access to offers for the sale of luxury items (primarily, but not limited to, timepieces and jewelry) (the "services"). you are solely responsible for obtaining access to the site, and for any third-party fees and/or equipment necessary to access the site (such as a computer and internet access). content and intellectual property. content and intellectual property. all content included on the site, including but not limited to text, graphics, images, logos, sounds, icons, artwork, visual interfaces, computer code, software, and compilations (including the compilation of all content on the site), (collectively, the "content"), and including but not limited to the selection, structure, design, expression, "look and feel" and arrangement of the content on the site, is owned, controlled by, or licensed to or by ashford, or otherwise used with permission, and is protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, and other rights and intellectual property and unfair competition laws. ashford, ashford.com, and the ashford "a" logo are registered trademarks of ashford in the united states and other jurisdictions and may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ashford's, or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion amongst consumers, or disparage or discredit ashford. all trademarks, logos or other properties displayed on the site not owned by ashford are property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to or sponsored by ashford, and may not be used without permission of their respective owners. all rights are reserved to ashford, and any such other owners, as applicable. social media: if you use #ashford, @ashford, or any other similar social media tag in any way, you agree to provide ashford with an unrestricted, irrevocable, royalty-free, perpetual, fully paid-up, transferable, worldwide license to use the uploaded image(s) in any and all marketing materials, on sponsor’s websites, and through all social media channels. each user represents and warrants that uploaded images do not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, copyrights and trademark rights. website; limited license. website; limited license. ashford grants you the limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to: access and make personal use of the site; make single copies or prints of site pages for your personal, non-commercial use in connection with a transaction or potential transaction with ashford; and/or to create a hyperlink to the home page of the site so long as the linked material does not portray ashford, its products or services, in a false, misleading, derogatory or offensive manner. without limitation of any other provision of these terms, the license does not permit, and you agree that, except upon ashford's express prior written consent (where permitted), you will be bound by the following restrictions. you may not make any derivative use of this site or its content, or otherwise access, copy, reproduce, duplicate, collect, create derivative works from, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, sell, resell, rent, loan, lease or sub-license this site or its content (including but not limited to product listings, descriptions and/or prices, and account information) for publication, distribution or for any commercial enterprise, whether manually or through the use of any automated process. you may not use any robots, spiders, "deep-linking", "page-scraping", "crawling", caching, encoding, translating, mirroring, framing, create unauthorized hyperlinks to, or employ any other automated device, program, methodology or algorithm, or any similar process or technique, to access, acquire, reproduce or monitor the site, services or any content, to: enclose the site or any content on any other computer, website, server or other location or telecommunications facility; reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the site or any content; or attempt to obtain any content or information from or about the site or services not purposefully made available by the site, including but not limited to its content, services, usage, users, accounts or individual identities, systems, servers or networks. (although ashford may allow operators of search engines, or certain licensors, to index content from the site for the purpose of creating publicly available searchable indexes, ashford reserves the right to revoke those exceptions in general or specific cases, in its sole discretion). you may not use any meta tags, or other hidden text or keywords using ashford's name or trademarks. any unauthorized use shall terminate the license granted to you, without notice. any unlawful or illegal access or use of the site, content, or services will shall be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. your account. portions your account. some portions of the site and some services require account registration and/or activation. you agree that any information you provide in connection with your request for an account, or in connection with a purchase or other transaction on the site or otherwise with ashford, shall be true, accurate, current, and complete. you are responsible for keeping your account information current. ashford reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account, and/or refuse any access or use of the site or services (or any portion thereof), if you provide any untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete information, if such information becomes so at any time, or if ashford has reasonable grounds to believe as much. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and log-in credentials, and for restricting access to your computer, and agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and credentials. to protect the confidentiality of your account, ashford advises that you log out from your account and close all browsers at the end of each session. you agree to notify ashford immediately of any unauthorized use, or breach of the security, of your account or log-in credentials. some portions of the site, some services, and/or certain offers may be made to a select group of ashford accounts or users of the site. ashford reserves the right to refuse service, terminate or suspend access to the site, services, accounts, (or any portion thereof), at any time in its sole discretion. access you must be at least 13 years old to use the site, if you are under age 13, you may not access or use the site. if you are between the ages of 14 and 17, you must have permission from a parent or guardian to use this site. by using this site, you affirm that you are over the age of 13, and if you are under 18, you have the consent of a parent or guardian to use this site. the parent or guardian that provides consent to use this site agrees to be bound by these terms. any software on the site is subject to united states export controls. you may not use this site if you are a national or resident of cuba, iraq, libya, north korea, iran, syria, or any other country the united states has embargoed goods or is subject to applicable united states trade sanctions, or if you are a person on the u.s. treasury department’s list of specially designated nationals or the u.s. commerce department’s table of deny orders. orders for products and services. ashford may make certain products available to registrants and/or visitors of the site. you may only order products if, and you hereby represent that you are of the age of majority in your principal jurisdiction of residence and are entitled to enter into agreements legally binding upon you. you agree to pay in full the prices for any purchases you make on, by or through the site in accordance with ashford's and payment policy. if any credit or debit card payment is not received from your credit or debit card issuer, or its agents, you agree to pay all amounts due upon demand by ashford. you agree to pay all applicable taxes and/or duties on or in connection with your order. ashford does not authorize the purchase of its products for commercial resale, except upon express written agreement with ashford. without limitation of any of ashford's other rights, ashford may, in its sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities per order, person, account household or otherwise; and reserves the right to limit or cancel orders that appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors. general disclaimer-third party content. some of the content on ashford.com is provided by third parties. ashford.com does not represent or warrant that any information provided by the third parties, or any information on the site, is complete or current. price and availability information contained on this site is subject to change without notice. ashford.com shall not be bound by any errors or omissions in posting product information or prices with respect to any products or services offered on the site. all beauty and cosmetic products sold on ashford.com, are not intended for use in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, and are not intended to affect the structure of or any function of the human body. the results reported, if any, may not necessarily occur in all individuals. please consult with your own physician or health care practitioner before purchasing or using any of the products offered. product descriptions and pricing; errors and inaccuracies. ashford values providing the highest quality service and aims to offer a completely error-free site. unfortunately, errors or inaccuracies (whether technical or human) do sometimes occur. thus, ashford does not warrant that the product descriptions are accurate as to any specifications, features, contents, colors, prices, weights and/or measures. specifications listed (other than price) are generally those provided by the manufacturer or distributor. except where noted otherwise, the retail price displayed for products represents the full retail list price of the product itself as suggested by the manufacturer or supplier, the retail value estimated in accordance with industry custom and practice, or the estimated retail value for a comparably featured product offered elsewhere and may not reflect the actual retail selling price. the retail price is a comparative price estimate and may or may not represent the prevailing price in every area at a particular time. moreover, products displayed on the site may be limited as to quantity, price, availability and/or lead time. thus, ashford does not warrant the availability, availability at a certain price, quantities available or available at a quoted price, and/or lead time of any product. in the unfortunate event that there is an error or inaccuracy, ashford will endeavor to resolve the issue to your satisfaction. if a product ordered is not as described on the site (other than errors in price), ashford will offer a full refund of the purchase price, provided that the product is returned in accordance with our return policy. if the correct price of a product ordered is higher than ashford's stated price at the time of the order, ashford will, at its discretion, either: contact you for instructions before shipping (and, if you request, cancel your order and refund the full purchase price); or cancel your order, refund the purchase price and notify you of the cancellation. however, unless otherwise agreed to by ashford in writing, the right to a full refund of amounts actually paid by you in accordance with our return policy for any order cancelled or returned for any of the reasons set forth in this paragraph shall be your exclusive remedy. pricing; conversion and exchange rates. while we display prices in other currencies for your convenience, all purchases are for the prices listed in united states dollars (usd). banks and credit card providers may have variable exchange rates for foreign currencies and may charge conversion fees for transactions in foreign currencies. similarly, credits for permitted returns of products purchased from ashford.com will be provided based on the original usd purchase price. as a result, fluctuating exchange rates may affect the amount credited back to you for returns. you agree to be responsible for any and all conversion charges, or other charges or losses resulting from currency exchange, incurred in connection with a purchase or return on ashford.com. special promotions. ashford sometimes offers promotions through coupons. these coupons are not combinable with other coupons. if the promotion involves a promotional "gift" (an item that is included with a certain purchase), the following rules apply: the promotional "gift" items cannot be returned, exchanged, or refunded for cash; the company is not liable for promotional "gift" items lost, stolen, or damaged during transit; and the company is not liable for any tax or customs fee incurred by shipment of promotional "gift" items. the company may change the date and format of promotion without prior notice. electronic communications. when you visit the ashford site, or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically from time to time, including but not limited to by e-mail, by posting notices to your account, or by posting notices on the ashford site. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures or other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. user generated content; reviews. certain portions of the site may permit visitors to publicly post content to or on the site (the "user content") (e.g., product reviews). unless otherwise indicated, ashford does not claim ownership of any user content. however, you agree that, by submitting, transmitting, uploading, posting or otherwise making available any user content, you hereby: (a) grant to ashford a worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable and sub-licensable right, license and permission to use, copy, display, perform or exploit in any manner such user content; and (b) represent and warrant that: (i) you own all rights in and to your user content, or have acquired all rights, clearances and permissions necessary to enable you to grant to ashford the rights granted in these terms, (ii) you have paid and will pay in full all license fees, clearance fees, or any other financial obligations of any kind, arising from any use or exploitation of your user content, (iii) your user content does not infringe upon the rights (including but not limited to intellectual property rights, privacy rights, and publicity rights), or defame or disparage any third party, or third party product or service, (iv) your user content is not offensive, indecent, profane, threatening, abusive, harassing, discriminatory or hateful, and does not constitute or encourage any criminal offense, and (iv) your user content shall not impersonate others, provide any false information, contain any advertisements or solicitations, promote any product or service competitive with ashford, and (v) your user content complies with these terms. you acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of compensation or confidentiality with respect to any user content; and that ashford (or its designees or successors) shall have the right to use, modify, edit user content (or refrain from any of the foregoing) at any time and for any reason, alone or together with other materials, in their sole discretion. ashford reserves the right, but does not have an obligation, to monitor and/or review user content. ashford does not endorse or control the user content transmitted or posted on the site; thus, ashford is not responsible for user content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of user content, which may not reflect the views of ashford. ashford shall not be liable in any manner for any user content, including, without limitation, for any errors or omissions, or for any loss, damage or injury of any kind arising from or related to any user content. third party web sites, resources and applications. you may be able to access or use the site from a third-party web site, internet resource, or software application or telecommunications facility ("linked sites"). you may also be able to access and use a linked site from the site. you acknowledge and agree that ashford has no responsibility for the information, content, products, services, advertising, code, or other materials which may or may not be provided by or through linked sites. the inclusion of any link to such linked sites on the site does not imply ashford's endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation of any linked site or any product or service offered on, by or through it. ashford does not guarantee the standards or practices of any linked site and shall not be liable in any manner for linked sites. you acknowledge that any access and/or use of any linked sites shall be at your own risk. disclaimer of warranties. to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, and except as expressly provided in this paragraph: (a) this site, and all information, content, products, services, materials and software included on or made available to you on, by or through it, are offered, provided and/or sold (as applicable) "as is" and "as available"; (b) ashford makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to any of the foregoing, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose; and (c) no advice, results or information, whether oral or written, provided by ashford shall create any warranty not expressly made herein (including in the incorporated terms). without limitation of the foregoing, and except as provided in this paragraph, ashford makes no representations or warranties regarding any products or services offered, provided and/or sold (as applicable) on, by or through the site, and to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law hereby disclaims (and you hereby waive), any and all warranties and representations made in product or services literature, "frequently asked questions" documents and otherwise on the site or in correspondence with ashford or its agents. the sole and exclusive warranties made in respect of any products offered, provided and/or sold on, by and through the site, are contained, if applicable, in ashford's warranty policy, unless otherwise specifically negotiated and set forth in a separate, written sales agreement between you and ashford. limitation of liabilities. to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, you understand and agree that, except in the event of ashford's sole gross negligence or willful misconduct, ashford (and its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, suppliers and service providers, and the directors, officers, employees and agents of each) (individually and collectively, ashford's "affiliates") shall have no liability for any losses, damages or personal injury arising, directly or indirectly, from the use of the site, or any information, content, products, services, materials and software included on, made available or sold to you on, by or through it, including but not limited to direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive, exemplary and/or consequential damages, lost profits or revenues, personal injury (including disability or death), or property damage, even if ashford has been advised of the possibility of the foregoing and even if the warranties hereunder are deemed to fail in their essential purpose; and that your sole remedies (if any) in respect of products offered on, by and through the site, shall be as set forth in ashford's warranty policy and/or return policy, as may be applicable. without limitation of the foregoing, in no event shall the total aggregate liability of ashford and its affiliates to you hereunder for all losses, damages or personal injury (whether in contract, tort or otherwise), arising from these terms, your use of the site, or from any information, content, products, services, materials and software included on, made available or sold to you on, by or through it, exceed, in the aggregate, the amount, if any, paid by you to ashford for your use of the site, or the purchase price of the applicable product, as applicable; provided further that to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, your sole remedy for any losses, damages or injury arising from the foregoing (and not from or in connection with a product purchased by you) shall be to cease using the site. upon ashford's return of the full purchase price paid with respect to any applicable product sold to you hereunder, the warranty provided under these terms shall not have failed in its essential purpose. certain jurisdictions do not allow limitations on certain warranties or the limitation of certain liabilities. if such laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitations may not apply to you, and you may have additional rights. indemnity. you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold ashford and its affiliates harmless from any claim, demand, loss, liability or expense (including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs), arising from or related to your breach of these terms, any other terms of the site, and/or your violation of any law or the rights of any third party. legal disputes: you and ashford agree to give up any rights to litigate claims in a court or before a jury or to participate in a class action or representative action with respect to a claim. other rights that you would have if you went to court, such as access to discovery, also may be unavailable or limited in arbitration. any dispute between you and ashford, its agents, employees, officers, directors, principals, successors, assigns, subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively for purposes of this section, 'ashford') arising from or relating to these terms of use and their interpretation or the breach, termination or validity thereof, the relationships which result from these terms of use, including disputes about the validity, scope or enforceability of this arbitration provision (collectively, "covered disputes") will be settled by binding arbitration. prior to initiating any arbitration, the initiating party will give the other party at least 60-days' advanced written notice of its intent to file for arbitration. ashford will provide such notice by email to your e-mail address on file with ashford and you must provide such notice by email to info@ashford.com during the 60-day notice period, the parties will endeavor to settle amicably by mutual discussions any covered disputes. if the parties do not settle within the 60-day notice period, upon expiration of that period, either party may initiate arbitration. the arbitrator will conduct any arbitration proceedings by telephone or videoconference unless in-person appearances are requested by you or ashford and approved by the arbitrator. any in-person appearances will be held at a location mutually agreed upon by you and ashford, or, in the absence of such agreement, at a location determined by the arbitrator. the arbitrator will have the power to grant whatever relief would be available in court under law or in equity and any award of the arbitrator(s) will be final and binding on each of the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. arbitrator will apply applicable law and the provisions of these terms of use and the failure to do so will be deemed an excess of arbitral authority and grounds for judicial review. ashford and you agree that any covered dispute hereunder will be submitted to arbitration on an individual basis only. neither ashford nor you are entitled to arbitrate any covered dispute as a class, representative or private attorney action and the arbitrator(s) will have no authority to proceed on a class, representative or private attorney general basis. if any provision of the agreement to arbitrate in this section is found illegal or unenforceable, the remaining arbitration terms shall continue to be fully valid, binding, and enforceable (but in no case will there be a class, representative or private attorney general arbitration). these terms of use and related transactions will be subject to and governed by the federal arbitration act, 9 u.s.c. sec. 1-16 (faa) and, where otherwise applicable, by the laws of the state of florida. notice to california residents california proposition 65 requires that special warnings be provided when products contain chemicals known by the state of california to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm if the use of those products may cause exposure to those chemicals above specific limits. pursuant to california civil code section 1789.3, ashford provides users of the sites with the following notice: you may report complaints to the consumer information division of the california department of consumer affairs in writing at 1625 north market blvd., suite n 112, sacramento, ca 95834, or by telephone at 800-952-5210. join the 'a' list updates on special offers & sales events follow us: 30 day money back guarantee 2 year warranty 100% brand-new & authentic over 1 million satisfied customers company info about ashford.com contact us testimonials terms & conditions privacy policy become an affiliate my account account login order status my wishlist address book payment info support returns policy payment types shipping warranty faqs watch resources top searches automatic watches chronograph watches gold watches limited edition watches ashford luxury watches ashford is a leader in the online luxury discount watch industry, offering the finest timepieces from around the world at exceptional prices. with over 20 years of watch knowledge and expertise, serving millions of customers worldwide, the client service specialists at ashford understand the importance of the decision-making process and are available to assist you in selecting the perfect timepiece for any occasion. we strive to provide our clients with a luxury experience and exceptional value. driven by our desire to cater to watch enthusiasts, collectors and connoisseurs, we do more than sell watches at discount prices, we build relationships. copyright © 2021 ashford.com all rights reserved. direct customer code: