来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231064316/https://www.ashford.com/faq
================================================================================

faq the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. + 1(212)813-1111 free standard shipping on us orders over $99 free standard shipping on us orders over $99 30 day money back guarantee 30 day money back guarantee 100% authentic 100% authentic wish list log in / register search advanced search search new!visual searchtake a photo or upload an image to find similar items english 简体中文 한국어 usd cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won my cart 0 menu shop by brand all brands top brands a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p r s t v w z top brands baume and mercier briston burberry calvin klein glam rock glycine hamilton prada rado scuderia ferrari swarovski teslar thomas earnshaw tissot tw steel versace a avi-8 alaia alexander mcqueen alpina anne klein anonimo armani exchange b balenciaga ballast baume and mercier bell & ross blancpain bottega veneta breguet breitling briston brooks brothers bruno magli bulova burberry bvlgari c cccp ct scuderia cadola calibre calvin klein caravelle by bulova carl f. bucherer carrera carrington casio charles girardier charriol chloe christian van sant christian dior cluse coach corum costa del mar cvstos d delacour dewitt diesel dietrich dolce gabbana dubois et fils duxot e eberhard & co emporio armani f faberge favre-leuba fendi ferragamo ferre milano fjord fossil franck dubarry franck muller frederique constant fruitz g gv2 by gevril gevril giorgio armani girard-perregaux givenchy glam rock glashutte glycine graham gucci guess h hamilton head i invicta j jacques lemans jacy jimmy choo jivago johan eric just cavalli k kate spade kenneth cole l lacoste louis erard m mainspring manager mathey tissot maurice lacroix mcq michael kors mido missoni montblanc moschino movado n nautica nubeo o oakley oceanaut oliver peoples orient oris p pandora paul hewitt paul picot pegoud philip stein piaget prada pulsar puma r rgmt rado rag & bone ralph lauren ray-ban rebel revo revue thommen roberto bianci roberto cavalli romain jerome rudiger s saint laurent scuderia ferrari seapro seiko smith optics spinnaker stuhrling swarovski swiza t tw steel technomarine teslar thomas earnshaw timex tissot tom ford tonino lamborghini tory burch tresorra v valentino versace verso versus versace visconti vogue w wiley x z zenith zeno mens watches top brands baume & mercier briston calvin klein ct scuderia gevril glam rock glycine hamilton invicta mido rado scuderia ferrari seiko technomarine teslar earnshaw tissot tw steel versus versace all sale items! our best sellers! new arrivals! features automatic chronograph gold tone leather/strap menswomens watches top brands anne klein baume & mercier calvin klein ferragamo frederique constant glam rock maurice lacroix gv2 by gevril invicta mido rado technomarine tissot versus versace all sale items! our best sellers! new arrivals! features automatic manual wind quartz chronograph bracelet strap womenjewelry featured brands swarovski tresorra shop by type women's earrings women's necklaces women's rings women's bracelets men's jewelry jewelry sets mens jewelrymens cufflinkwomens jewelry setnecklacebraceletringcharmwomens cufflinkmens accessorieswomens men'searringbroochjewelry setsunglasses top brands armani exchange balenciaga burberry calvin klein coach costa del mar dolce & gabbana ferragamo gucci jimmy choo kate spade michael kors oliver peoples prada saint laurent tory burch versace men's sunglasses women's sunglasses all sale items! our best sellers! new arrivals! polarized eyewear non-polarized eyewear opticals mens sunglassesmore more products handbags scarves wallets writing instruments mens hatwomens hatwomens scarvesmens handbagswomens handbagsmens accessoriesmens cufflinkmens braceletmens money clipmens pendantmens key ringmens gift setmens card casewomens accessoriespenswomens card casemens watch braceletwomens cufflinkwomens money clipmens pocket watchmens watch winderwomens watch winderwatch winderbeltsmens lighterfootwearmens watchwomens watchmens mens clockwomens ornamentwomens womens walletwomens braceletwomens broochmens ornamentmens figurinewomens figurinewomens clockmens walletwomens key ringmens water bottlewomens water bottlemens watch boxwomens watch boxmens watch strapwomens watch strapmens scarvesmens bagwomens bagmens watch accessorywomens watch accessorymens toolwomens toolmens tiemens earringmens pinweekly dealsclearanceon sale now!new arrivalsflash deals account settings language default store view chinese site korean site currency usd - us dollar cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won customer service(need help?) contact us payment shipping international orders warranty returns repairs testimonials faqs frequently asked questions shipping what shipping options do i have? how do i check the status of my order? does ashford ship internationally? can my purchase be shipped to an address other than my billing address? is my shipment insured? will i have to sign for my package? do you ship to po boxes or military apo/fpo addresses? what are my payment options for domestic orders? what are my payment options for international orders? returns how do i return the watch i bought from ashford? how do i obtain an rma (return merchandise number)? authenticity how do i know my watch is authentic? does the watch come with a warranty? does the watch come in its original packaging? does the watch come with paperwork? are the serial numbers on your watches intact? how do you keep your prices so low? watch functions what is the difference between quartz / mechanical / automatic movements? what is the difference between a chronograph and a chronometer? how long will the battery in my watch last? what is a crystal? are watches really waterproof? what does water resistant really mean? what is the best way to clean my watch? how do i maintain my watch? how do i care for my water resistant watch? my account how do i update my email address? how can i unsubscribe from your email list? faq what shipping options do i have? at ashford, we always offer free ground shipping in the us with for orders over $99. if you'd like your delivery sooner, we also offer overnight and two-day shipping. ups ground free for orders above $99 (usa only) ups ground for orders under $99 is $5.99 ups 2nd-day insured $19.95 ups overnight insured $29.95 ups international priority insured $59.95 ucs $29.95 (china only) pick up from ashford hong kong collection center $29.95 we ship most of our orders on the same day they are received. this is the case if you order is placed before 3:00pm monday-thursday or before 11:00am on fridays (est). on rare occasions, certain events may delay your order. for your safety, our verification department can take from 1-3 days to process an order. also, if your order contains different shipping and billing addresses, you may be subject to additional verification. for more information on shipping times and pricing, please see the shipping page. faq how do i check the status of my order? to check the status of your order, please enter your email address and order id here. if you do not see your order or have further questions, feel free to call us at 212-813-1111 or email by clicking here. faq does ashford ship internationally? yes. we ship to most international destinations via insured international priority ups. shipping costs are $29.95 to most international destinations. please note: we cannot be responsible for additional costs, such as customs, duties, vat, taxes, etc. you may want to contact your local customs office for an estimate before ordering. please note that we must declare the full value that you paid for your watch on the shipment. see our international orders page for more detailed shipping price information. faq can my purchase be shipped to an address other than my billing address? yes, all credit card orders may be shipped to an alternate shipping address. however, any orders placed must be shipped to the verified address. this measure is for your protection and ensures that you have authorized ashford to ship the item to an address other than your primary address. please note ashford cannot make any changes to an address once it is submitted into our system. faq is my shipment insured? yes. all orders shipped are fully insured against damage, loss and theft by ashford. shipping insurance is absolutely free. please note is a package is against damaged, lost or stolen, we do have to create an investigation with the carrier prior to refund of the order. faq will i have to sign for my package? for your protection, a signature may be required before ups can release the package. please make sure that an adult will be available at the expected time of delivery to accept and sign for the package. before accepting the package, please inspect it for any sign of tampering or damage. please review your address before your order is placed. a fee will be incurred for all address changes. faq do you ship to po boxes or military apo/fpo addresses? yes, we are happy to ship to po, apo and fpo addresses via usps for domestic orders only. we are unable to expedite orders shipped via usps, and shipments may take longer than expected. faq what are my payment options for domestic orders? we gladly accept the following forms of payments for all u.s. orders: credit card (visa, mastercard, american express, discover, unionpay) bank wire transfer or ach payment (phone or chat orders only) paypal (please note: the maximum amount allowed for a single paypal account holder transaction is $10,000. if you do not have a paypal account, a maximum of $4,000 usd is allowed for a one-time, single transaction. the shipping address must be a paypal confirmed address.) amazonpay (please note: the shipping address must be an amazonpay confirmed address.) •	affirm (please note: please note: affirm is available for items over $200.00 usd. checking eligibility with affirm will not affect your credit score. affirm offers 3 loan options 3, 6, or 12 months. (the shipping address must be a affirm confirmed address.) ashford collects, destination-based, state sales tax and a local or county sales tax were applicable. ashford.com is collecting sales tax in certain states because on june 21, 2018, the united states supreme court ruled 5-4 in south dakota v. wayfair that states can mandate that businesses without a physical presence in a state with more than 200 transactions or $100,000 in-state sales collect and remit sales taxes on transactions in the state. faq what are my payment options for international orders? we gladly accept these forms of payments for international orders: credit card (visa, mastercard, american express, discover, unionpay) bank wire transfer alipay paypal and amazonpay wechat or alipay all items shipped to any address outside the united states are considered final sales and cannot be returned. please note that our shipping fee only covers the costs of shipping. any additional fees, such as customs/duties are the responsibility of the customer. we must declare the amount that you paid for your watch on the invoice included with the shipment. we are unable to declare the item as a gift, when shipping. faq how do i return the watch i bought from ashford? we want you to be 100% satisfied with your purchase. if for any reason you are not, simply send your item back to ashford in the same condition it was delivered, and ashford would be happy to provide a full refund of the purchase price. your item may only be returned as long as you have not worn or sized it. all new items may be returned within 30 days of their delivery date. all certified pre-owned items may be returned within 14 days of their delivery date. all items sold by ashford are 100% brand new unless they are clearly described as “certified pre-owned.” please note: items returned for refund are not eligible for a return label. return shipping is the sole responsibility of the customer. all returns must have to have an ra# prior to return. all returns are contingent upon an inspection by our returns department. the returns department must confirm that the item is unworn, undamaged, unaltered and where applicable still has the original tags, plastics, box, manual and warranty card before a refund is processed. items determined to have been worn, altered or damaged will be sent back and no refund will be issued. please bear in mind any original shipping fee ($5.99, $19.95, $29.95) is non-refundable if applicable please allow 7-10 business days for your return and refund to be processed. please note: returns received after 30 days of the delivery date or returned without an ra number are subject to a 20% restocking fee.” please note: all items shipped to any address outside the united states are considered a final sale and cannot be returned. ashford will only refund the value of the item that is being returned; any shipping fees from the original purchase will not be refunded. return shipping is the responsibility of the customer for more information, please refer to our returns page. faq how do i obtain an rma (return merchandise number)? please contact one of our service representatives via email. , enter our secured chat line directly on ashford.com, or call us at 212-813-1111. our dedicated service team will be happy to assist you. faq how do i know my watch is authentic? all items sold by ashford are 100% genuine and authentic with their original serial numbers intact. additionally, all items sold by ashford are brand new, unworn and free of defects, unless they are clearly described as “certified pre-owned.” all new ashford items include original packaging, care manuals, and warranty cards, where applicable. most ashford items are sourced directly from the manufacturers. faq does the watch come with a warranty? for watches not covered by the manufacture, we offer a two-year extensive warranty on any timepiece bought at ashford that is not covered by the manufacturer, and a one-year extensive warranty on any certified pre-owned timepiece bought at ashford. all items sold by ashford are 100% brand new unless they are clearly described as “certified pre-owned.”” our warranty covers the most important part of a watch: the movement. no matter how complicated, we are well-equipped and ready to repair it with the utmost care. in addition, we will replace your battery for one year from the date of purchase. our warranty does not cover any damage to the movement resulting from mistreatment, improper use or from the wearer exceeding the manufacturer’s water resistance limitations. additionally, we do not cover the watch case, bracelet, strap, crown, stem, crystal/glass and the watch finish. the warranty will be voided if there are signs of shock to the watch. we do not cover the watch case, bracelet, straps, crown/stem, crystal/glass, finishes, damage caused by excessive wear-and-tear, physical abuse or damage resulting from exceeding the limitations of the water resistance of the watch. please note that these warranties are valid only at ashford. repair or warranty service performed by someone other than ashford will void these warranties. for international purchases (excludes usa or china), please contact customer service at 212-813-1111,customerservice@ashford.com, or live chat to receive assistance with the international warranty claim. please note that these warranties are valid only at ashford. repair or warranty service performed by someone other than ashford will void these warranties. faq does the watch come in its original packaging? yes, all of our new watches come with original manufacturer's packaging. please note, manufacturer’s do update or remove items from their manufacturers so what you receive may vary. our certified pre-owned watches will either come in the original manufacturer’s packaging. all items sold by ashford are 100% brand new unless they are clearly described as “certified pre-owned.” faq does the watch come with paperwork? yes, all our watches are 100% new and authentic. they will come with the manual, watch box, and warranty card when provided by the manufacture. if a warranty is not provided by the manufacturer, ashford will provide you with a limited two year digital warranty found on https://www.ashford.com/warranty. please note, some brands no longer produce physical manuals & warranty cards but they can usually be found on the manufacturer website. faq are the serial numbers on your watches intact? yes, all our watches are authentic and bear original serial numbers verifying their authenticity. faq how do you keep your prices so low? as ashford has grown, we have developed the capacity to purchase large quantities of inventory at excellent prices. our buyers are luxury experts, and have a passion for finding you the best pieces at the best prices. it is our pleasure to pass the savings back to our customers, and provide you the best service with in-stock, ready to ship luxury products. faq what is the difference between quartz / mechanical / automatic movements? the following are descriptions of the three movement types: quartz watches watches that have quartz movements are a relatively new development in watch history. quartz crystals have a unique property in that when they are compressed or bent, they conduct a constant voltage, or pulse, on their surface. this constant voltage can be used to power quartz watches with exact precision. rather than a wound spring (mechanical movement), quartz watches rely on a battery for their energy. the battery sends electrical energy to the tiny quartz crystal, which in turn creates a pulse at regular, constant levels. because the pulse (also called an impulse) is extremely constant, quartz movements ensure precision timekeeping, accurate down to hundredths of a second. to convert the impulse into a steady power that can move the watch hands at regular intervals, the impulse is simply passed through a stepping motor that converts the electrical energy of the impulse into mechanical energy that is needed to run the watch. since the early 1970's, quartz watches have become very popular, for both manufacturer and consumers, due to the fact that quartz watches are less expensive than mechanical movement watches and can be easily manufactured in large volumes. mechanical movements if a watch is said to have mechanical movement, this means that the watch has a device for keeping time, which uses the energy from a wound spring, and keeps time through the highly regulated release of that energy through a set of gears and an escapement. this device must be wound periodically, ensuring that the wound spring is continually loaded to power the watch. it differs from the typical quartz watch in that it uses purely mechanical components to keep time. a normal mechanical watch can run for about 40 hours on one full winding of the mainspring, and a few designs that can last up to 8 or 10 days are also available. the general design of mechanical movement watches have not changed notably in the past fifty years. but, the development of greater technology and modern materials has changed the way mechanical movement watches are manufactured. automatic movements watches that are powered by automatic movements operate similar to a watch with mechanical movements, except that the winding of the spring occurs automatically, every time the wearer moves his or her arm. a rotor that turns in response to motion winds the watch's mainspring, supplying the needed energy to power the watch. the obvious benefit of an automatic movement is that there is never a need to replace a battery or to wind the watch. keeping this in mind, it is necessary to occasionally "tune up" an automatic watch to ensure timekeeping is precise. faq what is the difference between a chronograph and a chronometer? a chronograph is a watch that has a stopwatch function. typically, the top pusher will start and stop the chronograph. the bottom pusher will reset it. the chronograph generally cannot reset in the running state. special fly back models allow the chronograph to be reset at any time. the movement of a chronometer has passed a series of accurate time keeping tests, and is certified as a superior timekeeper. many watch makers will put their movements through this test to illustrate their accuracy. the dial will typically have the word "chronometer" or "chronometre" on the dial. to become a chronometer, the watch movement must pass 15 days of severe tests. the accuracy of the movement is checked in 5 different positions at varied temperatures. this simulates conditions under which the watch might be worn. the watch must average between +6 and -4 seconds per day in order to earn the certification. if a watch is described simply as a “chrono”, it is generally safe to assume it is a chronograph. faq how long will the battery in my watch last? this depends on the age of the watch and the types of functions (e.g., stopwatch, chronograph applications, alarms, second hand, etc.). expect to replace your watch battery every two to five years. faq what is a crystal? a watch crystal is a transparent cover which protects the watch dial. faq are watches really waterproof? a watch marked as water resistant without a depth indication is designed to withstand accidental splashes of water only. do not submerge such a watch. higher levels of water resistance are indicated by increasingly higher acceptable depths, usually indicated in meters. there are a variety of ways to make a watch water resistant. all such watches use rubber gaskets or "o" rings to seal the case back. a watch with a back that screws onto the case provides a higher degree of water resistance. some crowns (the "winding stem") actually screw into the case to further increase water resistance. faq what does water resistant really mean? a watch marked as water resistant without a depth indication is designed to withstand accidental splashes of water only. do not submerge such a watch. higher levels of water resistance are indicated by increasingly higher acceptable depths, usually indicated in meters. there are a variety of ways to make a watch water resistant. all such watches use rubber gaskets or "o" rings to seal the case back. a watch with a back that screws onto the case provides a higher degree of water resistance. some crowns (the "winding stem") actually screw into the case to further increase water resistance. usage recommendations the following usage recommendations are suggested by the seiko watch corporation of america. water-resistant to 30 meters (98 feet). will withstand splashes of water or rain but should not be worn while swimming or diving. water-tested to 50 meters (164 feet). suitable for showering or swimming in shallow water. water-tested to 100 meters (328 feet). suitable for swimming and snorkeling. water-tested to 150 meters (492 feet). suitable for snorkeling. water-tested to 200 meters (656 feet). suitable for skin diving. diver’s 150 meters (492 feet). meets iso standards and is suitable for scuba diving. diver’s 200 meters (656 feet). meets iso standards and is suitable for scuba diving. please note that we do not recommend swimming or diving with your watch unless it has a screw-down crown (also known as “screw-lock” or “screw-in” crown) and is water-resistant to at least 100 meters. faq what is the best way to clean my watch? the best way to clean your watch is by using a lint-free cloth and a toothpick. use the toothpick to clean out any dirt buildup in the bracelet or casing of the watch and the cloth to wipe it clean. if it is water-resistant, give it an occasional cleaning with a mixture of warm water and a mild soap. if the strap is leather or non-metal, clean only the case. faq how do i maintain my watch? although automatic mechanical watches do not have batteries, some simple maintenance is necessary for continued and long-lasting accurate use. self-winding automatic watches depend on the movement of the arm to operate and do require some winding, even if you wear your watch on a daily basis. if you wear your automatic watch every day, it is best to wind it once every two weeks to keep the wheels in motion and lubricated with oil fluid. simply wind the crown (the same knob used to adjust the time and date) until you meet slight resistance. if you do not wear your automatic watch every day, you should try to wind it at least twice a week to ensure continuous operation, as well as keeping the inside mechanism in complete running order. try to wind your mechanical watch at the same time every day. this is extremely beneficial for the mechanism. faq how do i care for my water resistant watch? water resistance is not a permanent state and needs to be maintained. if you submerge your watch regularly in water, you should have your watch serviced yearly to verify that all the seals are intact. it is not recommended to wear your water resistant watch in a hot shower, sauna or hot tub. the extreme heat causes the metal parts to expand at a different rate than the rubber gaskets. this creates small openings that can allow water droplets to penetrate the watch. sudden temperature changes are especially harsh. take care not to jump into a cold pool after wearing your watch in the hot tub. after swimming or diving in salt water, immediately rinse the watch in a stream of fresh water. if your watch has a rotating bezel, turn the bezel several times while rinsing it. this will prevent salt buildup and corrosion of the bezel ring. leather straps can be made to be water resistant. generally however, leather straps are more easily damaged by frequent exposure to water. if you would like to wear your watch while swimming - think of buying one with a metal bracelet or a rubber or nylon diver strap. faq how do i update my email address? regrettably, we are not able to have updates to the email address on your account. if you need to change your email, we suggest creating a new account. we do apologize for any inconvenience. faq how can i unsubscribe from your email list? you can unsubscribe from ashford email by selecting the link at the bottom of marketing emails you receive from ashford. please note, even if you elect not to receive email, or subsequently ask to be removed from the ashford email marketing list, you may still receive email confirmations for gift card purchases made on our website, confirmations of our receipt of questions submitted, and other operational emails. follow us: 30 day money back guarantee 2 year warranty 100% brand-new & authentic over 1 million satisfied customers company info about ashford.com contact us testimonials terms & conditions privacy policy become an affiliate my account account login order status my wishlist address book payment info support returns policy payment types shipping warranty faqs watch resources top watch types automatic watches manual wind watches solar powered watches chronograph watches gmt watches moonphase watches ashford luxury watches ashford is a leader in the online luxury discount watch industry, offering the finest timepieces from around the world at exceptional prices. with over 20 years of watch knowledge and expertise, serving millions of customers worldwide, the client service specialists at ashford understand the importance of the decision-making process and are available to assist you in selecting the perfect timepiece for any occasion. we strive to provide our clients with a luxury experience and exceptional value. driven by our desire to cater to watch enthusiasts, collectors and connoisseurs, we do more than sell watches at discount prices, we build relationships. copyright © 2022 ashford.com all rights reserved. directcustomer code: