来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231064316/https://www.ashford.com/watch-resources.html
================================================================================

ashford watch resources the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. + 1(212)813-1111 shop early with peace of mind! · free standard shipping on us orders over $99 · extended holiday returns extended holiday returns • free shipping on us orders (see details) wish list log in / register search advanced search search new!visual searchtake a photo or upload an image to find similar items english 简体中文 한국어 usd cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won my cart 0 menu shop by brand all brands top brands a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p r s t v w z top brands burberry calvin klein glam rock glycine hamilton invicta prada rado scuderia ferrari swarovski teslar thomas earnshaw tissot tw steel versace a avi-8 alaia alexander mcqueen alpina anne klein anonimo armani exchange b balenciaga ballast baume and mercier bell & ross blancpain bottega veneta breguet breitling briston brooks brothers bruno magli burberry bvlgari c cccp ct scuderia cadola calibre calvin klein caravelle by bulova carl f. bucherer carrera carrington casio charles girardier charriol christian dior christian van sant coach corum costa del mar cvstos d delacour dewitt diesel dietrich dolce gabbana dominatore del mare dubois et fils duxot e eberhard & co edox emporio armani eterna f faberge favre-leuba fendi ferragamo ferre milano fjord fossil franck dubarry franck muller frederique constant g gv2 by gevril gevril giorgio armani girard-perregaux givenchy glam rock glashutte glycine graham gucci guess h hamilton head i invicta j jacques lemans jacy jaquet droz jimmy choo jivago johan eric just cavalli k kate spade kenneth cole l longines louis erard luminox m mainspring manager mathey tissot maurice lacroix mcq michael kors mido missoni montblanc moschino movado n nautica nubeo o oakley oceanaut omega orient oris p paul picot pegoud philip stein piaget prada pulsar puma r rgmt rado ralph lauren ray-ban raymond weil rebel revo revue thommen roberto bianci roberto cavalli romain jerome rudiger s saint laurent scuderia ferrari seapro seiko spinnaker stuhrling swarovski swiza t tw steel technomarine teslar thomas earnshaw timex tissot tom ford tonino lamborghini tory burch tresorra v valentino versace verso versus versace visconti vogue w wiley x z zenith zeno mens watches top brands calvin klein ct scuderia frederique constant gevril glam rock glycine hamilton invicta mido rado scuderia ferrari seiko technomarine teslar earnshaw tissot tw steel versus versace all sale items! our best sellers! new arrivals! features automatic chronograph gold tone leather/strap menswomens watches top brands anne klein calvin klein ferragamo frederique constant glam rock gv2 by gevril invicta mido rado technomarine tissot versus versace all sale items! our best sellers! new arrivals! features automatic manual wind quartz chronograph bracelet strap womenjewelry featured brands swarovski tresorra shop by type women's earrings women's necklaces women's rings women's bracelets men's jewelry jewelry sets mens jewelrymens cufflinkwomens jewelry setnecklacebraceletringcharmwomens cufflinkmens accessorieswomens men'ssunglasses top brands balenciaga burberry calvin klein coach costa del mar ferragamo givenchy gucci jimmy choo kate spade michael kors oakley prada ray-ban saint laurent versace men's sunglasses women's sunglasses all sale items! our best sellers! new arrivals! polarized eyewear non-polarized eyewear opticals mens sunglassesholiday sale centralnew arrivalsdoorbusters account settings language default store view chinese site korean site currency usd - us dollar cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won home watch resources watch resources categories learn about watches (15) search resourcessearch recent posts glycine watches: the best watches for action and adventure glycine watches are famous in the industry thanks to their storied history and modern designs. these swiss-made timepieces were worn by explorers, adventurers, soldiers and pilots since the company was founded in 1914. the company's initial success was due to their focus on producing watches that... watch bezel guide buying a luxury watch comes with a lot of different considerations. not only do you want a watch that is comfortable and functional, but you also want it to look great, too. there are dozens of different factors that can go into the look of a watch, but the bezel is among the most important. a... watch crown guide when shopping for a watch, most people focus on things like the band, dial, case, and even bezel. the overall design of the watch also tends to take precedence over the smaller details. thus, small parts like the watch crown are easy to overlook. however, watch crowns actually play a vital role... swiss watches - everything you wanted to know just about everyone has heard about the quality of swiss watches. they are always associated with expert craftsmanship, consistent innovation, and meticulous timekeeping accuracy. but can swiss watches really live up to their glistening reputation? fortunately, the answer is yes — swiss watches... watch bands guide watch bands are one of the signature elements of any luxury watch. not only do they help control the comfort of your timepiece, but they also play a pivotal role in the style and visual appeal of your watch. from the material to the artistic design, every aspect of your watch band should be a... glycine outdoor watches glycine watches: the best watches for action and adventureglycine watches are famous in the industry thanks to their storied history and modern designs. these swiss-made timepieces were worn by explorers, adventurers, soldiers and pilots since the company was founded in 1914. the company's initial success was due to their focus on producing watches that were able to withstand the harshest environments. glycine's most famous watch, the airman, was worn by many pilots during world war ii and is still popular today with both aviators and watch enthusiasts. in this article, we will provide you with information about the company and its history. we have also included other relevant details that consumers should consider before purchasing a watch.3 days ago read more watch bezel guidebuying a luxury watch comes with a lot of different considerations. not only do you want a watch that is comfortable and functional, but you also want it to look great, too. there are dozens of different factors that can go into the look of a watch, but the bezel is among the most important. a great-looking bezel can really amplify the aesthetics of your watch. just as importantly, many bezels serve a purpose beyond mere aesthetics. depending on the type of watch you have, the bezel may have the functionality to ensure that you get the most out of your watch — whether you’re diving under the sea or just taking a stroll through the park! after all, why invest in a luxury watch if it cannot fulfill its desired functions? however, this still begs a few important questions about the nature of the watch bezel. for example, what does a watch bezel do? what materials are used to make watch bezels? finally, what types of bezels are available to consumers? we will answer all of these questions and more, but first, let’s look at exactly what a watch bezel is and what purpose it serves.1 year ago posted in: learn about watches read more watch crown guidewhen shopping for a watch, most people focus on things like the band, dial, case, and even bezel. the overall design of the watch also tends to take precedence over the smaller details. thus, small parts like the watch crown are easy to overlook. however, watch crowns actually play a vital role in both the aesthetic appeal and the function of a watch. therefore, it is important to understand how they work, how they look, how to use them, and the different types of watch crowns at your disposal. in today’s guide, we will provide you will all the information you need to know about watch crowns to make an educated decision the next time you’re ready to purchase a new watch!1 year ago posted in: learn about watches read more swiss watches - everything you wanted to knowjust about everyone has heard about the quality of swiss watches. they are always associated with expert craftsmanship, consistent innovation, and meticulous timekeeping accuracy. but can swiss watches really live up to their glistening reputation? fortunately, the answer is yes — swiss watches can and do live up to the reputation they have earned. to this day, swiss watches remain the pinnacle of timekeeping technology and tradition. and while their beautiful designs and expert workmanship mean that many swiss watches cost more than timepieces from other locales, there are still plenty of affordable swiss watches on the market, particularly if you shop for good deals through ashford luxury watches. so, how did swiss watches gain so much notoriety and prestige over the years? what sets them apart from other types of watches? finally, what are some of the best luxury swiss watch brands that you can purchase at affordable prices? we will answer all of these questions and more, but first, let’s look at exactly what it means to be a “swiss watch.”1 year ago posted in: learn about watches read more watch bands guidewatch bands are one of the signature elements of any luxury watch. not only do they help control the comfort of your timepiece, but they also play a pivotal role in the style and visual appeal of your watch. from the material to the artistic design, every aspect of your watch band should be a reflection of you. so, what kind of watch band materials are best? how can you adjust different watch bands to be more comfortable? finally, what can you do if you need to replace a watch band? we will answer all of these questions and more, but first, let’s look at the different types of watch bands available to you!1 year ago posted in: learn about watches read more tourbillon watch guideif you are currently in the market for a high-end watch, then you may have come across the term tourbillon. you might be particularly curious about its meaning since watches that bear the tourbillon name and complication are often far more expensive than watches that do not. however, there are some pretty good reasons that tourbillon watches command higher prices than other types of timepieces. in today´s guide, we will examine the meaning of the term, its function, and the different watches that boast the tourbillon complication. 1 year ago posted in: learn about watches read more watch style guideeven if you’ve never owned a watch in your life, you likely know that a watch offers so much more than a way to tell the time. a watch is a fashion accessory that has the power to completely transform your look. this is why it’s so important to invest in a watch that perfectly matches your sense of style. stylish watches for men and women have been around for as long as watchmakers have been practicing their craft. even before the modern wristwatch, there were designer pocket watches for men and for women. consequently, watches and style have always gone hand in hand.1 year ago posted in: learn about watches read more watch glass watch crystals watch glass - learn about watch crystalsacting as both the window and guard of your timepiece, the watch crystal takes the hardest blows and most of the everyday wear and tear. protecting the dial and face, there is an ongoing debate about what type of watch crystal is best. how should a shopper choose? well, that all depends. ask yourself what activities you plan to accomplish while wearing your watch. another important question- what is your budget? to extend the life of a watch, crystals are made of different materials that match a watch owner’s preferences and expected usage. today we will examine the different types of watch crystals and explain the pros and cons of each category. armed with insider info, you will be able to make the most educated choice in your search for the perfect timepiece.1 year ago posted in: learn about watches read more watch dial watch face color watch dial colorswhen shopping for a watch, many consumers find themselves asking the same question: does watch dial color matter? whether you are looking for the perfect gift for a loved one or shopping for yourself, picking the right watch dial colors is an important part of the process. while the best color will depend on the personal tastes of the recipient, there are certain color combinations that work better than others. additionally, some colors are easier to match with clothing and accessories, making them more versatile for the wearer. so, this begs a few important questions. what are the best watch dial colors? do some colors look better on watches than others? finally, what color watch goes with everything? we will answer all of these questions and more, but first, let’s look at how a watch dial differs from the other parts of a watch:2 years ago posted in: learn about watches read more all about moon phase watchesbefore humans could accurately tell time with clocks and watches, the sun, moon, and constellations offered the only methods to measure the passage of time. while timepieces have largely replaced more primitive forms of timekeeping, the sky still functions as a guide to predict the coming days, weeks, months, and years. the relationship between the positions of the sun, moon, and earth is particularly important. as a result, moon phase watches serve as a celebration of the lunar cycle and its importance in our daily lives. so, what is a moon phase watch? what’s the history of the moon phase complication? how accurate are moon phase watches? are there different kinds of moon phase watches? finally, how can you set a moon phase watch to ensure accuracy? we will answer all of these questions and more, but first, let’s look at the basic functions of a moon phase watch:2 years ago posted in: learn about watches read more 1 of 2 2 follow us: 30 day money back guarantee 2 year warranty 100% brand-new & authentic over 1 million satisfied customers company info about ashford.com contact us testimonials terms & conditions privacy policy become an affiliate my account account login order status my wishlist address book payment info support returns policy payment types shipping warranty faqs watch resources top watch types automatic watches manual wind watches solar powered watches chronograph watches gmt watches moonphase watches ashford luxury watches ashford is a leader in the online luxury discount watch industry, offering the finest timepieces from around the world at exceptional prices. with over 20 years of watch knowledge and expertise, serving millions of customers worldwide, the client service specialists at ashford understand the importance of the decision-making process and are available to assist you in selecting the perfect timepiece for any occasion. we strive to provide our clients with a luxury experience and exceptional value. driven by our desire to cater to watch enthusiasts, collectors and connoisseurs, we do more than sell watches at discount prices, we build relationships. copyright © 2022 ashford.com all rights reserved. directcustomer code: