来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231022418/https://www.ashford.com/watch-resources.html
================================================================================

ashford watch resources the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. free standard shipping on us orders over $99 free standard shipping on us orders over $99 30 day money back guarantee 30 day money back guarantee 100% authentic 100% authentic log in / register search english 简体中文 한국어 usd cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won my cart 0 menu shop by brand all brands top brands a b c d e f g h i j l m n o p r s t u v w z top brands baume and mercier blancpain burberry calvin klein ct scuderia edox ferragamo gevril glashutte glycine hamilton invicta mido prada rado revue thommen sevenfriday solar aqua thomas earnshaw tissot versace versus versace a alaia alexander mcqueen alisa allemano alor alpina armani exchange b bcbgmaxazria baccarat balenciaga baume and mercier bavna blancarre blancpain bliss by damiani bottega veneta breitling brioni briston bulgari bulova burberry c cccp ct scuderia cadola calibre calvin klein carl f. bucherer carrera carrington casio charles girardier charriol chloe christian dior christian van sant christian lacroix citizen coach corum costa del mar cuervo y sobrinos d daniel wellington delacour devon leigh dewitt diesel dietrich dolce gabbana dunhill e edox esprit f faberge favre-leuba ferragamo ferre milano fortis fossil franck dubarry franck muller frederique constant g gv2 by gevril gevril giovanni ferraris girard-perregaux glam rock glashutte glycine graham gucci guess h hamilton harwood head hugo boss i invicta j jacy jimmy choo jivago johan eric just cavalli l lacoste longchamp lorus louis erard m mvmt mainspring manager master works mathey tissot maurice lacroix meistersinger michael kors mido miu miu momo design montblanc montegrappa moschino movado n n.o.a nautica nike nubeo o oceanaut oliver peoples orient oris p paul picot philip stein piaget porsche porsche design prada puma r rado ray-ban raymond weil rebel revo revue thommen roamer roberto bianci roberto cavalli romain jerome rudiger s s.t. dupont saint laurent seapro seiko sevenfriday solar aqua stuhrling swarovski swiza t technomarine teslar thom browne thomas earnshaw timberland timex tissot tonino lamborghini tory burch trematic tresorra u u-boat v versace verso versus versace visconti w wiley x z zeno mens watches top brands baume & mercier blancpain bulova citizen ct scuderia edox ferragamo gevril glam rock glashutte glycine hamilton hugo boss invicta mido nautica orient rado revue thommen romain jerome sevenfriday solar aqua teslar earnshaw timex tissot versace versus versace our best sellers! new arrivals! luxury timepieces features automatic chronograph gold tone leather/strap menswomens watches top brands baume & mercier bulova calvin klein citizen ferragamo ferre milano frederique constant glam rock glashutte gv2 by gevril hugo boss invicta just cavalli maurice lacroix mido rado technomarine tissot versace versus versace our best sellers! new arrivals! features automatic manual wind quartz chronograph bracelet strap womensunglasses top brands armani exchange brioni burberry calvin klein carrera coach dolce & gabbana ferragamo jimmy choo lacoste michael kors miu miu nike oliver peoples prada tory burch versace men's sunglasses women's sunglasses polarized eyewear non-polarized eyewear opticals our best sellers! new arrivals! mens sunglassesopticals men's opticals women's opticals top brands alexander mcqueen bottega veneta brioni burberry coach dolce & gabbana gucci jimmy choo prada puma versace sub opticalsjewelry & more featured brands alisa alor baccarat bavna bliss by damiani devon leigh giovanni ferraris just cavalli kendra scott konstantino swarovski tresorra visconti shop by type women's earrings women's necklaces women's rings women's bracelets men's jewelry jewelry sets accessories other accessories - check it out handbags scarves writing instruments jewelry and more subweekly dealsclearancefeatured eventsnew arrivalscoupons account settings language default store view chinese site korean site currency usd - us dollar cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won home watch resources watch resources loading... 132 view(s) the best mido watches to buy a watch is more than a timepiece. a watch is an expression of your personal style, an accessory that adds a touch of elegance and sophistication to any look, and a piece that can be passed down through generations. it's no wonder, then, why so many people are drawn to the timeless designs of mido watches—a swiss watch brand that has been creating classic timepieces of exceptional quality since 1918. read more loading... 289 view(s) the best rado watches you should have rado is one of the world's most prestigious watch brands, with a history that dates back to 1917. the brand has long been known for its innovative use of materials and technology in creating beautiful timepieces. the brand has an extensive range of collections and styles available for men and women—from the classic to the contemporary. the company's most famous watch is the rado diastar®—the world's first scratch-resistant watch. rado has been a pioneer in the field of watchmaking, with many of its innovations still being used today by other brands. read more loading... 237 view(s) the best invicta watches for men when people think of watches, they often imagine something that is elegant, classy, and expensive. while some brands of watches do fit this description, there are others that are more affordable. and when it comes to finding a watch that doesn't break the bank but still looks great on your wrist, invicta watches is the brand for you. invicta watches are a great place to start if you're looking to get into the world of watch collecting. they feature an incredible variety of styles and designs, so no matter what your taste or budget is there's an invicta model waiting for you. read more loading... 68 view(s) technomarine men's watches: the best luxury sport watches since its launch in 1997, technomarine has redefined what it means to be a watch brand. the brand combines innovative technology with bold design to create timepieces that reflect the customer's active yet luxury-oriented lifestyle. in fact, this swiss-based company was the first brand to include diamonds in a diving chronograph! and today, their designers are always looking for creative new ideas that will make their vibrant, dynamic range even more exciting. read more loading... 138 view(s) hamilton watches: the best watches with pioneering spirit it is not uncommon for a consumer to spend thousands of dollars on a watch. after all, the watch industry is very competitive and constantly trying to outdo one another. consumers are mainly concerned with two things: fashion and functionality. hamilton meets both characteristics and is a leading-edge watch brand in creating practical watches that also offer agility and strong brand representation. for more than 100 years, the american watch brand has been built on pioneering spirit and has distinguished itself in numerous ways. hamilton watches are a favorite of many and have been worn by some of the world’s most prominent figures. from military officials to sports icons to movie stars, hamilton’s reputation is well-established in the watch industry. read more loading... 117 view(s) glycine watches: the best watches for action and adventure glycine outdoor watches glycine watches are famous in the industry thanks to their storied history and modern designs. these swiss-made timepieces were worn by explorers, adventurers, soldiers and pilots since the company was founded in 1914. the company's initial success was due to their focus on producing watches that were able to withstand the harshest environments. glycine's most famous watch, the airman, was worn by many pilots during world war ii and is still popular today with both aviators and watch enthusiasts. in this article, we will provide you with information about the company and its history. we have also included other relevant details that consumers should consider before purchasing a watch. read more loading... 275 view(s) watch bezel guide buying a luxury watch comes with a lot of different considerations. not only do you want a watch that is comfortable and functional, but you also want it to look great, too. there are dozens of different factors that can go into the look of a watch, but the bezel is among the most important. a great-looking bezel can really amplify the aesthetics of your watch. just as importantly, many bezels serve a purpose beyond mere aesthetics. depending on the type of watch you have, the bezel may have the functionality to ensure that you get the most out of your watch — whether you’re diving under the sea or just taking a stroll through the park! after all, why invest in a luxury watch if it cannot fulfill its desired functions? however, this still begs a few important questions about the nature of the watch bezel. for example, what does a watch bezel do? what materials are used to make watch bezels? finally, what types of bezels are available to consumers? we will answer all of these questions and more, but first, let’s look at exactly what a watch bezel is and what purpose it serves. posted in: learn about watches read more loading... 649 view(s) watch crown guide when shopping for a watch, most people focus on things like the band, dial, case, and even bezel. the overall design of the watch also tends to take precedence over the smaller details. thus, small parts like the watch crown are easy to overlook. however, watch crowns actually play a vital role in both the aesthetic appeal and the function of a watch. therefore, it is important to understand how they work, how they look, how to use them, and the different types of watch crowns at your disposal. in today’s guide, we will provide you will all the information you need to know about watch crowns to make an educated decision the next time you’re ready to purchase a new watch! posted in: learn about watches read more loading... 270 view(s) swiss watches - everything you wanted to know just about everyone has heard about the quality of swiss watches. they are always associated with expert craftsmanship, consistent innovation, and meticulous timekeeping accuracy. but can swiss watches really live up to their glistening reputation? fortunately, the answer is yes — swiss watches can and do live up to the reputation they have earned. to this day, swiss watches remain the pinnacle of timekeeping technology and tradition. and while their beautiful designs and expert workmanship mean that many swiss watches cost more than timepieces from other locales, there are still plenty of affordable swiss watches on the market, particularly if you shop for good deals through ashford luxury watches. so, how did swiss watches gain so much notoriety and prestige over the years? what sets them apart from other types of watches? finally, what are some of the best luxury swiss watch brands that you can purchase at affordable prices? we will answer all of these questions and more, but first, let’s look at exactly what it means to be a “swiss watch.” posted in: learn about watches read more loading... 557 view(s) watch bands guide watch bands are one of the signature elements of any luxury watch. not only do they help control the comfort of your timepiece, but they also play a pivotal role in the style and visual appeal of your watch. from the material to the artistic design, every aspect of your watch band should be a reflection of you. so, what kind of watch band materials are best? how can you adjust different watch bands to be more comfortable? finally, what can you do if you need to replace a watch band? we will answer all of these questions and more, but first, let’s look at the different types of watch bands available to you! posted in: learn about watches read more 1 of 3 3 categories learn about watches (15) search the blog recent posts the best mido watches to buy a watch is more than a timepiece. a watch is an expression of your personal style, an accessory that adds a touch of elegance and sophistication to any look, and a piece that can be passed down through generations. it's no wonder, then, why so many people are drawn to the timeless designs of mido...read more 132 view(s) the best rado watches you should have rado is one of the world's most prestigious watch brands, with a history that dates back to 1917. the brand has long been known for its innovative use of materials and technology in creating beautiful timepieces. the brand has an extensive range of collections and styles available for men and...read more 289 view(s) the best invicta watches for men when people think of watches, they often imagine something that is elegant, classy, and expensive. while some brands of watches do fit this description, there are others that are more affordable. and when it comes to finding a watch that doesn't break the bank but still looks great on your wrist,...read more 237 view(s) technomarine men's watches: the best luxury sport watches since its launch in 1997, technomarine has redefined what it means to be a watch brand. the brand combines innovative technology with bold design to create timepieces that reflect the customer's active yet luxury-oriented lifestyle. in fact, this swiss-based company was the first brand to include...read more 68 view(s) hamilton watches: the best watches with pioneering spirit it is not uncommon for a consumer to spend thousands of dollars on a watch. after all, the watch industry is very competitive and constantly trying to outdo one another. consumers are mainly concerned with two things: fashion and functionality. hamilton meets both characteristics and is a...read more 138 view(s) my wish list last added items add to cart add to cart remove this itemgo to wish listyou have no items in your wish list. follow us: 30 day money back guarantee 2 year warranty 100% brand-new & authentic over 1 million satisfied customers company info about ashford.com contact us reviews terms & conditions privacy policy california ccpa privacy accessibility statement become an affiliate my account account login order status my wishlist address book payment info support returns policy payment types shipping warranty faqs watch resources top searches automatic watches manual wind watches solar powered watches chronograph watches gmt watches moonphase watches terms & conditions privacy policy ccpa policy ashford luxury watches ashford is a leader in the online luxury discount watch industry, offering the finest timepieces from around the world at exceptional prices.with over 20 years of watch knowledge and expertise, serving millions of customers worldwide, the client service specialists at ashford understand the importance of the decision-making process and are available to assist you in selecting the perfect timepiece for any occasion. we strive to provide our clients with a luxury experience and exceptional value.driven by our desire to cater to watch enthusiasts, collectors and connoisseurs, we do more than sell watches at discount prices, we build relationships. copyright © 2024 ashford.com all rights reserved. directcustomer code: