来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250427212105/https://www.ashford.com/returns
================================================================================

returns the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. shopall products shop all products free standard shipping on us orders over $99 free standard shipping on us orders over $99 30 day returns 30 day returns 100% authentic 100% authentic log in / register search english 한국어 usd cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won my cart 0 menu shop by brand all brands top brands a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p r s t u v w z top brands bulgari burberry calvin klein carl f. bucherer coach costa del mar dolce & gabbana guess hamilton hugo boss invicta luminox maui jim maurice lacroix michael kors mido movado oakley ray-ban swarovski technomarine tissot versace a adee kaye adidas alaia alexander mcqueen allemano alpina armani exchange arnette b balenciaga ballast banana republic baume & mercier ben sherman blancarre blancpain bolle bottega veneta brendel bulgari bulova burberry c cccp cadola calvin klein caravelle carl f. bucherer carrera carrington certina chloe chopard christian dior christian van sant citizen coach converse corum costa del mar d dkny daniel wellington david beckham delacour dewitt diesel dietrich dolce & gabbana dunhill duxot e edox eyevan f faberge ferragamo ferre milano fila fjord fossil franck dubarry franck muller g garrett leight girard-perregaux glam rock glashutte glycine graham gucci guess h hamilton harley davidson head hugo boss i ice invicta irresistor j jacy james mccabe jaquet droz jivago john varvatos juicy couture just cavalli k karl lagerfeld kate spade kate young kenneth cole l l.a.m.b. lacoste levi's longchamp louis erard lucky brand luminox m mainspring manager marc jacobs marcolin master works mathey-tissot maui jim maurice lacroix michael kors mido montblanc movado mr. leight n nautica nike o oakley oceanaut oliver peoples oniss orient oris oxydo p paul picot perrelet persol philip stein philipp plein piaget polaroid police pomellato porsche porsche design prada puma r rado rampage ray-ban rebellion recta revue thommen roberto bianci romain jerome s saint laurent savvy schild seapro sevenfriday silhouette skechers smith optics spy stuhrling suncloud swarovski t technomarine thom browne thomas earnshaw timberland timex tissot tom ford tommy hilfiger tonino lamborghini tory burch trematic u u-boat under armour v versace verso versus versace victorinox swiss army vogue w wiley x z zadig voltaire zegna zeno mens watches top brands blancpain bulova christian van sant edox ferragamo glashutte glycine hamilton hugo boss invicta luminox mathey-tissot maurice lacroix mido montblanc movado orient tissot versace our best sellers! new arrivals! limited quantity! 3 or less features automatic chronograph gold tone leather/strap luxury timepieces menswomens watches top brands bulova calvin klein carl f. bucherer christian van sant coach ferragamo hamilton hugo boss invicta jaquet droz mathey-tissot maurice lacroix michael kors mido movado rado swarovski technomarine tissot tommy hilfiger versace our best sellers! new arrivals! limited quantity! 3 or less features automatic manual wind quartz chronograph bracelet strap womensunglasses top brands bulgari burberry calvin klein costa del mar dolce & gabbana guess longchamp marc jacobs maui jim michael kors nike oakley ray-ban tory burch versace men's sunglasses women's sunglasses polarized eyewear non-polarized eyewear our best sellers! new arrivals! limited quantity! 3 or less mens sunglassesopticals men's opticals women's opticals top brands armani exchange bulgari converse costa del mar guess longchamp marc jacobs michael kors oliver peoples smith optics tory burch limited quantity! 3 or less mens opticalswomens opticalsjewelry & more featured brands swarovski versace limited quantity! 3 or less shop by type women's earrings women's necklaces women's rings women's bracelets accessories other accessories - check it out ornaments & figurines watch winders & boxes writing instruments jewelry and more subwomens jewelrywomens necklacenecklacewomens earringearringwomens braceletbraceletwomens ringringwomens hairpinhairpinwomens chokerchokerwomens jewelry setjewelry setwomens jewelry holderjewelry holderwomens earringsearringsmens jewelrymens necklacemens braceletwomens body chainbody chainwomens belly chainbelly chainwomens broochbroochwomens hair pinhair pinwomens charmcharmweekly dealsfeatured eventsclearancenew arrivalscoupons! account settings language default store view korean site currency usd - us dollar cny - chinese yuan hkd - hong kong dollar twd - new taiwan dollar krw - south korean won customer service(need help?) contact us payment shipping international orders warranty returns repairs testimonials faqs returns policy we want you to be 100% satisfied with your purchase. if for any reason you are not, simply contact customer service to return your item to ashford in the same condition it was delivered, and ashford would be happy to provide a full refund of the purchase price. your item may only be returned as long as you have not worn or sized it. all new items may be returned within 30 days of their delivery date. all certified pre-owned items may be returned within 14 days of their delivery date. all items sold by ashford are 100% brand new unless they are clearly described as “certified pre-owned.” return shipping is the sole responsibility of the customer if the return is due to personal preference, such as disliking the size, style, or other non-defective reasons. in these cases, return labels are not provided. please note: beauty products & fragrances are considered final sale items and cannot be returned. items returned for a refund are not eligible for a return label. return shipping is the sole responsibility of the customer. all returns must have to have an ra# before return. all returns are contingent upon an inspection by our returns department. the returns department must confirm that the item is unworn, undamaged, unaltered, and where applicable still has the original tags, plastics, box, manual, and warranty card before a refund is processed. items determined to have been worn, altered, or damaged will be sent back and no refund will be issued. please bear in mind any original shipping fee ($5.99, $19.95, $29.95) is non-refundable if applicable please allow 7-10 business days for your return and refund to be processed. please note: returns received after 30 days of the delivery date or returned without an ra number are subject to a 20% restocking fee. return to sender all packages that are returned to the sender for any reason will be deducted from the cost of the return at the expense of the purchaser. international orders items sent to any address outside the united states are considered final sale and cannot be returned. international orders that are returned to the sender will have a cost to return including the import fees (customs, duties, etc). if the return cost is more than half the cost of the purchase price, without shipping, the item will be abandoned in the country of destination. if the return cost is equal or less than the cost of the purchase price, without shipping, the item will be returned and all associated fees (returns, import fees, and the original shipping fee) will be deducted from the refund. 2 simple steps step 1 request your return authorization number (ra#) by contacting us by email customerservice@ashford.com. remember that the item must be unworn, undamaged, and unaltered. all returns must have an ra# before return. customer service will respond to your request within 2 business days with the ra#. (please note calling customer service will not expedite this process) step 2 ship your return to the designated address on your return email with the carrier of your choice via insured, traceable delivery. please make sure to include all materials from your order, such as original paperwork and free gifts. the insurance amount should be equal to the price paid for the item. make sure your ra# clearly printed on the outside of the box. please note: returns are accepted within 30 days of the date it was delivered (or within 14 days for a certified pre-owned item). your item must be returned to ashford within 7-10 days of the date that your ra# is assigned. important tips if the package is shipped domestically, please fully inspect the watch before sending the package abroad. to ensure a smooth return process, please inspect the item as soon as it arrives. make sure the item is in good condition and working properly before wearing it or removing any tags or factory tape. - if the item is not in good condition or not working properly then it must be repackaged immediately in order to be eligible for a return. - if possible, please provide a photo or video of the issue when emailing customer service. this would greatly expedite the process. - once it is worn or sized, or the tags/factory tape has been removed, ashford will not accept the returned item. in short, ashford.com cannot replace or refund an item when: ○ the item has been worn ○ the tags/factory tape has been removed ○ the product has been sized. defective or damaged goods step 1 request your return authorization number (ra#) by contacting us by email customerservice@ashford.com. please provide your order number, reason for return in the email, and images or a video of the issue. remember that the item must be unworn, undamaged, and unaltered. all returns must have an ra# before return. customer service will respond to your request within 2 business days with the ra#. (please note calling customer service will not expedite this process) step 2 follow the instructions for the return provided by customer service. please make sure to include all materials from your order, such as original paperwork and gifts. the insurance amount should be equal to the price paid for the item. make sure your ra# is printed on the outside of the box. please note: returns are accepted within 30 days of the date it was delivered (or within 14 days for a certified pre-owned item). your item must be returned to ashford within 7-10 days of the date that your ra# is assigned. canceling/modifying an order if you need to cancel or modify your order for any reason, please contact us immediately at 1 (212) 813-1111, email customerservice@ashford.com or contact us via live chat onsite. please include your customer order #, name and e-mail address used for the order and what the reason for cancel or the modification is. if an order has already been shipped, we may not be able to modify or cancel your order. due to the high volume of orders shipped daily, we may not be able to honor a cancellation request as we aim to fulfill our orders as quickly as possible. in some instances, we may use third-party vendors to fulfill some of our orders. in such cases, cancellation requests will be determined by the third-party vendor. once an order has a label created, we are no longer able to modify or cancel it. however, you can still request a return (unless final sale) upon receiving your item. please be advised that emailing your request does not guarantee cancellation unless you receive a reply from customer service or a formal cancellation email. please contact our customer service department immediately at 212-813-1111 monday through thursday from 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. est or friday 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. if you would like to cancel your order. or you can email at customerservice@ashford.com. trustpilot follow us: 30 day money back guarantee 2 year warranty 100% brand-new & authentic over 1 million satisfied customers company info about ashford.com contact us reviews terms & conditions privacy policy california ccpa privacy accessibility statement become an affiliate my account account login order status my wishlist address book payment info support returns policy payment types shipping warranty faqs watch resources top searches automatic watches manual wind watches solar powered watches chronograph watches gmt watches moonphase watches terms & conditions privacy policy ccpa policy ashford luxury watches ashford is a leader in the online luxury discount watch industry, offering the finest timepieces from around the world at exceptional prices. with over 20 years of watch knowledge and expertise, serving millions of customers worldwide, the client service specialists at ashford understand the importance of the decision-making process and are available to assist you in selecting the perfect timepiece for any occasion. we strive to provide our clients with a luxury experience and exceptional value. driven by our desire to cater to watch enthusiasts, collectors and connoisseurs, we do more than sell watches at discount prices, we build relationships. copyright © 2024 ashford.com all rights reserved. direct customer code: