来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111230011949/http://www.agentprovocateur.com/assistance/terms-and-conditions.php
================================================================================

terms & conditions at agent provocateur: the world's sexiest lingerie brand lingerie by agent provocateur bag [0] register sign in search: autumn winter 2011 the classics soiree home collection campaign videos news christmas gifts perfect gifts luxurious gifts dazzling partywear at home with ap naughty treats gentleman's buying guide gift vouchers personal shopping delivery guide view all gifts lingerie new in autumn winter 2011 the classics soiree collection bras knickers suspenders waspies corsets & basques bodies & playsuits bridal view all lingerie nightwear slips & babydolls gowns & kimonos pyjamas tops & camisoles view all nightwear outerwear dresses corsets tops & camisoles view all outerwear hosiery stockings hold ups socks view all hosiery beach bikinis one-piece beach towels sunglasses luggage view all beach home pillowcases & cushions sheets duvet covers bedspreads bath towels ruffle silk genuisa glossy silk lace print leopard soiree luxury pima ruffle pima view all home beauty fragrances body wash & creams soap lip balm massage oil gift sets l'agent signature ap view all beauty accessories masks & gloves nipple pasties whips & paddles books & games garters footwear sunglasses luggage jewellery enhancers view all accessories home delivery & returns terms & conditions terms & conditions delivery & returns delivery information returns policy personal shopping sizing guide wish lists product care payment information online gift vouchers promotional codes security terms & conditions press contacts contact us returns if you need to return an item, please read our returns policy first references to "we", "us" or "our" throughout www.agentprovocateur.com ("the website") are to agent provocateur limited.  the use of the website and the purchase of any products ("products") from the website is governed by these terms and conditions ("conditions"). we reserve the right to modify these terms and conditions from time to time without notice to you. there is no charge imposed by us for accessing the website but you must pay the cost of the communications link you use to visit the website.  access to the website may be suspended, restricted or terminated at any time. links to other websites we accept no responsibility for web sites or other information, practices or products of other parties linked to the website. your dealings with persons found via the website are between you and such persons and we will not be liable for any loss or damage arising out of such dealings. contract information products supplied from the website are supplied by agent provocateur limited, a company registered in england and wales whose company registration number is 2896508 and vat number is 629979271 whose registered office address is at 154 clerkenwell road, london, ec1r 5ab. your submission of an order represents an offer to purchase the products indicated by you and it is not binding on us until we have notified you that an order has been accepted. all advertisements and communications are made by us until your order is accepted by us are invitations to treat only and are not offers. this means that if products are shown on the site but are not available or are incorrectly priced or otherwise incorrectly described, agent provocateur shall not be obliged to sell you those products. as well as selling via the website, we sell our product through mail order via the telephone (available throughout the world) and stores. normally, prices on the website are the same as the prices in catalogues currently being mailed, or on offer in our stores. however, prices may differ with a catalogue (or a store) because: (i) we have a special offer on the website, in a catalogue or in a store (ii) the catalogue you have may have been replaced by a more up to date catalogue. as a result, we cannot guarantee that all prices are the same. we reserve the right to amend prices throughout the life of the catalogue with prices being correct as of going to print. store prices can only be met in the store where the products are offered. intellectual property and right to use you acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the website shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. you are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us or our licensors. you acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may download such material and content onto only one computer hard drive for such purpose. any other use of the material and content of the website is strictly prohibited. you agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content. limitation of liability while we will use reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of any information we place on the website, we make no warranties, whether express or implied in relation to its accuracy. the website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without any representation or endorsement made and we make no warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the website, or any transaction that may be conducted on or through the website including but not limited to, implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security, accuracy, conditions of completeness, or any implied warranty arising from course of dealing or usage or trade. we make no warranty that the website will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy or reliability of the materials. we will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the website. to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the products. this does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer. you acknowledge that we cannot guarantee and therefore shall not be in any way responsible for the security or privacy of the website and any information provided to or taken from the website by you. we will not be liable, in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent or negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise arising out of or in connection with these conditions for: 1. any economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings); or 2. any loss of goodwill or reputation; or 3. any loss which was not brought to the attention of agent provocateur at the time the contract was made or any loss that would be an unforeseeable consequence of a breach of the contract by agent provocateur; in any case whether or not such losses were within the contemplation of either of us at the date on which the event giving rise to the loss occurred, was suffered or incurred by one of us arising out of or in connection with the provisions of any matter under these conditions. nothing in the conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our servants, agents or employees. severance if any part of the conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from these conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the conditions. waiver no waiver by us shall be construed as a waiver of any preceeding or succeeding breach of any provision. survival each provision of these conditions shall be construed as separately applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of those provisions is held to be inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances. entire agreement these conditions (as amended from time to time) contain the entire agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter covered and supersedes any previous agreements, arrangements, undertakings, representations or proposals, written or oral, between you and us in relation to such matters. you confirm that you have read these conditions and, you fully understand them and you also agree that these conditions are the only terms (together with your network provider agreement ) that rule your relationship with us. law the conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of england and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of england. customs & duty please note that all shipments outside the uk may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once a shipment reaches your country. as we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be, additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you. promotional code and online offer terms and conditions from time to time we may issue promotional discount codes to individuals or groups of people. each code will have its own specific terms, for example when it is valid from and until, and what discount or offer it provides you.  however, general terms for the use of voucher codes are: - they are not valid in conjunction with any other offer, discount, promotion or on sale items - they cannot be used to purchase online gift vouchers - they are only available for your sole use and will not be valid if passed on to third parties - they are not valid in any of our stores worldwide - discounts are not transferable and cannot be redeemed by ap staff and family - agent provocateur reserve the right to withdraw or alter any promotion at any time at their discretion without prior notification. to claim your discount you should enter the code in the promotional box when you checkout at agentprovocateur.com. in the instance that you find a code is not working on the website don’t worry, please call our customer services team on +44(0) 870 600 0229,  or email: services@agentprovocateur.com as our friendly advisors will be able to help you. prize draw / competition terms and conditions from time to time we run various prize draws and competitions and encourage you to take part as there are always fantastic prizes on offer. each prize draw or competition will have its own specific terms, for example when it starts and ends, and what you need to do to enter.  however, general terms for entering prize draws and competitions include: - there is no cash alternative to the prize. - all winners will be chosen from at random from all the entries received. - the judges' decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. - the winners will be notified within 28 days of the draw or competition closing by email, phone or post. - winners must respond to us within 7 days confirming acceptance of the prize. if no response is received within 7 days, we reserve the right to choose an alternative winner and contact them. - details of the prize winner will be available upon written request. - the prize draw or competition is not open to anyone associated with agent provocateur. - entrants must be at least 18 years of age and proof of age will be required before the prize is dispatched. - no responsibility can be accepted for entries which are not properly received due to communications beyond our control. - promoter: agent provocateur, 154 clerkenwell rd, london, ec1r 5ab. christmas 2011 prize draw terms and conditions - the prize draw is open between 5th and 21st december 2011. - only one entry per person is allowed. - entrants must fully complete the online form. - the winner will be notified by email on 23rd december 2011. - the winner will receive a £1,000 gift voucher to be used on www.agentprovocateur.com; the gift voucher cannot be used in boutiques or concessions. - the gift voucher is valid for a period of six months from the date of issue. - by entering the prize draw, you agree that you are willing to enter into future communication from agent provocateur. - entries received after the closing date will not be included in the draw. - entry to the prize draw is free. no purchase necessary. free worldwide delivery: code xms1 - the offer terms & conditions: free worldwide delivery valid on orders over £50 / $100 / €80; enter code xms1 at the checkout; excludes home collection and luggage; valid until midnight gmt tuesday 13th december 2011. not valid in our boutiques or concessions. boutiques gift vouchers delivery & returns contact us careers terms affiliates currency newsletter privacy site map copyright © 2011 agent provocateur ltd. all rights reserved. luxurious lingerie online. your basket is currently empty > continue shopping