来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101225080454/http://www.bhcosmetics.com/Reviews/
================================================================================

bh cosmetics, bhcosmetics - reviews i ordered the holiday bundle of all three editions of the 120 color palettes, 66 color lipcolor palette, and the 10 brush set. not only did it come exactly on my birthday but it was very carefully wrapped and all the makeup was intact. the palettes were even better in person and the brushes were wonderful. i am working on getting the whole collection of bh products now. this is the best money ever spent for makeup. ladies stop lokking at the pictures over and over again and just order already, you'll be glad you did! five star ratinglaurissa grinston,united states,california bh cosmetic was recommended to me from a friend after i searched so many places for a low cost palette with a large asortment of colors. i had a hard time choosing which one 120 palette i wanted to buy first and i went with the 1st edition. i would definitely recommend this company to anyone. i intend to buy more products from bh cosmetics. so far i have both the 1st & 3rd edition 120 palettes, the cool matte and shimmer palette. my next purchase will most likely be the lip primer and the 66 lip color palette. thanks bh cosmetics! five star ratingbianca h.,united states,new york i wanted anyone who was hesitate to buy these products to know i loved the service that i received. my order came very fast. upon arrival, nothing was broke, scratched or used. i am a dark-skinned woman and i recommend these products to dark-skinned women. the colors really stay on your face all day long. i just got it today and put some eyeshadow on my face and it has been 5 hours now and it is still fresh looking as if i just put it on. it is so hard to find eyeshadow for dark-skin people that will stay on all day and will be the same color that you see in its portable once you put it on your skin. i will continue to do business with this company. thanks for making your products for all ethnics. five star ratingtonia bryant,united states,oklahoma i was browsing on youtube about two months ago on make up tips. i saw many videos on bhcosmetics. after seeing all the reviews i decide to look up the website & see the products for my self. i ordered the 1st palette,2nd palette,3rd palette,66 lip color,& it also came with 10 brush set in red.i placed the shipment for overnight,i didn't care the cast i just wanted the products.when i got my make up i was very very pleased with the shipment and the way it came packed.perfect! the palettes are wonderful,i love all the colors & i am not very big on bright colors on my eyes,but those palettes made me wear the bright colors & there long lasting also.very high pigmented!(love)just last week on friday i ordered the contour & blush palette.it just came in today 5 days later. when i opened the box it was perfectly wrapped & what i didn't expect was to get a free eye & lip primer,that definitly got me excited.i am definitly going out tonight & trying out my new products i brought.thank you so much..i absoulty love the make up. i will be making another purchase soon. five star ratingdorie hyde,united states,florida i ordered these for mother as a gift to help her expand her career. these are the best! i wanted to buy her something professional but without the price-tag. i checked mac and other places, but they were just not budget friendly. then i remembered my friend, who is a make-up artist, told me about this company. i looked at other reviews for them and was very happy to see they had great reviews. my mom was totally surprised and started using them right away, but said they were too good and she wanted to use them for herself lol. i will most likely be getting some things from here for myself too. i will definitely tell others how great these products are. :) five star ratingheather hammack,united states,maryland i bought this palette for myself for christmas! i absolutely love it! i can't believe i ever used any kind of eyeshadow before this! i love the colours and how it looks on me. i love how easy it goes on and makes me feel like it takes no effort to put on and make a great look for any situation! five star ratingverda smith,united states,ohio i am so,so,so,so,so,so pleased with bhcosmetics i just got my order i got the 120 palette 1st edition and when it got here i opened it and there was bubble wrap on the outside and in inside of the box plastic seperating the 2 parts of the palette and we got bubble wrap to play with yay! no make up was broken or cracked either ! five star ratingbrittany hughes,united states,michigan i just received the 120 1st edition and the 66 lip palette on my birthday after ordering it four days before. shipping was very fast and it was handled extremely well. not one of my eye shadows were damaged. now i must say i am a certified makeup junkie and i sampled makeup from different companies and i must say that bh cosmetics rivals the best! i am african american and i have a medium-brown skin tone. i often worry about finding makeup that will be vibrant on me and my 120 palette did not disappoint! the colors are very pigmented and look great on any skin tone! stop reading reviews and just buy the products, you won't regret it. five star ratingstephanie abraham,united states,new york i would not hesitate to buy any makeup from here again! the prices may be cheap but the product is top quality. there are so many vibrant colors to choose from in the 120 second edition pallete. the colors pop on my skin and the makeup stays through sweat and water. it goes on smooth and stays all day. i would highly recommend this product to anyone and i will buy my makeup here from now on because i dont want to go back to cheap makeup! five star ratinglucia c,united states,new york i just got the 120 color eyeshadow palette 2nd edition. i was a little iffy about how low the price was at first. i thought that because i was getting so much for so little, it may not be that good since i was spending so much for very little elsewhere. i love how it came in a small box, bubble-wrapped, and with clear protective sheets in between the palettes. then, i tested the eyeshadow itself and fell in love with it, immediately. the colors go on so smooth and are very vibrant. i love love love love love it!! : ) i'm planning on getting everything bh possible for my makeup collection. hands down, best makeup i have used as of yet. five star ratingsamantha johnson,united states,new york i ordered the 2nd and 3rd editions at the same time, and the 1st edition a couple of days later. when i received them they all were nicely packaged, i wasn't worried about any of the shawdows being cracked because of how neatly they were packaged. the colors are extremely vibrant and highly pigmented, in the beginning i was only going to order the two but i couldn't resist having all three. the quality is great, the shipping is speedy and the packaging is very crisp and clean. i feel like i made a wonderful purchase and will continue to purchase from bh cosmetics. five star ratingbrandy johnson,united states,texas it took me 4 months to work up enough nerve to order, but i finally did. i ordered the 120 color palette 2nd edition, best purchase ever made!!! only regret was taking 4 months to order. i placed the order on a friday evenning and got the package on tuesday talk about speedy service. the colors are amazing and vibrant, they last the entire day with out touch ups. super cute colors!!!!!!!! a must have pallet to match any wardrobe. can't wait to order more products for me and gifts. woo hoo! five star ratingyvette pineda,united states,california i just received my 120 palette 3rd edition today in the mail and i was flat out shocked that it came so fast! this was great considering i'd been eyeing these products for a while. the packaging was sleek and chic and wrapped up tight so that everything arrived intact. i had reservations about being able to get my hands on 120 colours for such a low price but this product is just blowing me away! i ofcourse opened this sucker up and started playing with the palette immediately. the colour pay off is amazing so you don't need to use a ton powder from each pot to get the look you want. at first i was frankly overwhelmed by the sheer amount of colours that were staring me in the face but i eventually realized that the colours are organized together with ones that compliment them; you don't need to look any further than a neighbouring colour to find a good match but frankly most of the palettes colours compliment each other anyway. i was also happy to find that there was a good mix of both matte and shimmery colours so that i wasn't stuck with just one or the other. i love this palette and can't wait to get my hands on more bh products! seriously, buy some now, you'll thank youself :) five star ratingsamantha di piero,canada,ontario i had wanted to try this make up for awhile now and i finally had the chance to order it. not that it's expensive but i just wasn't to sure if i was going to like it. sooooo glad i did. i use my 88 color matte eyeshadow palette everyday : ) with my eye and lip primer. the best thing of it is, is that i want to buy some as gifts for friends and family for christmas. thank you for having a great product. five star ratingcarmen saldana,united states,colorado i ordered the 10 piece brush set, 120 1st ed shadow, and the concealer.. and i absolutely love it! i love the color, the quality, and versitilty they have to offer. i dont use makeup all too often, but this is going to be new step! i also love the price for their products. i was kinda hesitant, but im so glad i made the choice! thanks bh for being so awesome, and helping women feel even more beautiful! so those of you who are trying it for the first time, make this decision, and it will be the right one. also, the packaging and shipping is a deffinent plus! always in great packaging, and shipped in a very respectable time! i love it all! five star ratingnary nouch,united states,washington 12345 copyright © 2009, bhcosmetics.comall rights reserved. our policy terms & conditionssite map