来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141230085840/http://www.bhcosmetics.com/blog/
================================================================================

bh cosmetics beauty & makeup blog bh cosmetics beauty blog a blog dedicated to all things bh, beauty, makeup and fabulous-ness. shop video tutorials press contact christmas makeup inspiration december 22, 2014jessica leave a comment hi bh beauties, the holidays are here, and now is the time to play around with fun makeup looks. get in the spirit by trying out a red or green cosmetic to match the festivities of the season.  here are a few recommendations for getting into the holiday spirit. eyes- there is nothing like a little bit of sparkle and shadow for eyes. try using a green shadow in honor of the christmas tree. the party girl palette has multiple shades of green to achieve this look. these shadows can be worn as one shade or layered to create a dimensional effect. feeling adventurous? add some sparkle to eyes with one of the shades from our glitter collection. i recommend trying the deep red or pearl. both are perfect for the holidays and can be dusted over eyeshadow for a fun shimmer. lips- it would not be christmas without a chance to sport red lips. our matte lipstick has you covered for all christmas festivities whether it is an office party or family get together. if you are looking for a deep red shade this season i recommend trying dark rose. face- when rocking bright eyes and bold lips, keep other face makeup neutral. apply a coat of pressed powder to add some color to skin and finish it off with a light layer of bronzer. have you been naughty or nice this year? remember to ask santa for some bh makeup goodies and share your presents with us on instagram using #bhcosmetics. merry christmas! xoxo, jessica beauty inspiration celebrate december’s birthstone tanzanite december 16, 2014jessica leave a comment happy birthday december babes! while december may be the last month of the year, we did not forget about the importance of celebrating all of our beauties who turn another year gorgeous! the december birthstone is the tanzanite and has a beautiful deep blue shade that looks pretty no matter what it is paired with. here are a few tips to maximize the blue of this hue. celebrate the birthday fun on your eyes and wear a shade of blue eyeshadow. i recommend choosing a color from the 88 color cool matte eyeshadow palette. this palette has lots of different blues to embody the brilliance of the tanzanite. add a layer of glitter for some birthday and holiday sparkle. the dusty blue keeps with the blue theme and adds some style. swipe a coat of mascara on lashes and you are ready to roll. 88 color cool matte eyeshadow palette keep face and lip makeup simple so all attention is placed on your sparkling eyes. i recommend sporting some powder, dusting blush on cheeks and applying a neutral gloss. december is such a special birthday month because december babes get to celebrate their birthday, christmas and new year’s within a few weeks of one another. what is your go to for birthday makeup tanzanite beauties? share your looks with us on instagram and use #bhcosmetics. happy birthday beautiful! xoxo, jessica tips & tricks matte lipstick, a breakdown of our favorite shades december 9, 2014jessica leave a comment hi bh beauties, matte lipstick is a must for every makeup lover’s collection. celebrities from kim k to rihanna are rocking this trend, and you should too! in honor of our matte lipstick, here are a few of our favorite ways to wear this gem: credit: glamour red- kim kardashian knows how to rock just about anything, and a matte lip is part of this. in her look she keeps other face makeup simple to balance the deep and bright color of her lips. when wearing a bold shade such as red, keep shadow neutral and play up lashes. credit: behind the scenes makeup pink- emma stone is the perfect example of how to wear a gorgeous pink matte lip shade. the bright pink looks youthful and matches her playful makeup look. because this shade is not as bold as red, pair it with fun eye makeup like the cat eye. credit: popsugar purple- solange knowles knows how to wear purple lipstick. she is a pro at taking this color and making it stylish. to keep makeup classy like this lip color, stick to a neutral shimmer shade for eyes. this adds brightness and compliments the beautiful shade. what is your favorite matte color? make sure to share your favorite looks with us on instagram and use #bhcosmetics. xoxo, jessica beauty inspiration 5 minute makeup: the bold lip november 30, 2014jessica leave a comment hi bh beauties, i don’t know about you, but i am not a morning person. getting my beauty rest has always been a top priority, so when getting ready i need to save time and still look fabulous. between picking out an outfit and styling my hair, i am often pressed for time when it comes to the most important part, my makeup. luckily, i have uncovered a few tips and tricks during the years to stay looking great in a minimal amount of time. the bold lip is one of the best ways for a quick glamorous look. to get the bold lip, follow these steps: prep skin by washing your face for a morning glow. make sure to exfoliate lips, especially if wearing a bright color. layer on a coat of chapstick to stay moisturized. apply lip liner in a similar shade to the lipstick of your choice. this will add a base and definition to lips. apply a coat of bright lipstick. i recommend trying a deep red or gorgeous pink for a fun new look. finish with a clear gloss for a layer of shine. with all of the time saved on makeup, you can take selfies of your style and post them on instagram. remember to share your looks with us and use #bhcosmetics. xoxo, jessica tips & tricks celebrate november’s birthstone: topaz november 28, 2014jessica leave a comment happy birthday november babes! the beautiful rich colors of fall are upon us in november. what better way to celebrate your birthday then with a birthstone that matches these shades? the topaz is said to be the symbol of beauty and to serve as a protection against enemies. to capture the warmth of the topaz, i recommend layering eyes with a gorgeous shade of gold eyeshadow from our wild child baked eyeshadow palette. add a coat of liner in either black or brown to give definition against the neutral shadow. finish this look off with a layer of our mascara and you are ready to go. add some fun to the birthday month by painting nails in a bronze color. our trendy mini nail polish set has a few shades that are perfect for our november babes including sandy and sunburst. wild child baked eyeshadow palette the warm colors will make you glow all over for your special day. we wish all of our november beauties a fabulous birthday. what products will you be using to celebrate? make sure to share your looks with us on instagram and use #bhcosmetics. happy birthday babes! xoxo, jessica beauty inspiration give thanks with these great makeup ideas november 25, 2014jessica leave a comment hello bh beauties! thanksgiving is only days away, and we have lots to be thankful for this year. in addition to spending time with our friends and family, we get to enjoy delicious foods like turkey and pumpkin pie. the holidays are notorious for picture taking, so it is important to have your makeup look gorgeous for these photos. here are a few of my recommendations: face- add some color for the holidays. what better way to make your face look vibrant than by applying blush? dust one of the colors from our 10 color professional blush palette on cheeks for a dazzling glow that is camera ready. eyes- consider keeping eye makeup light. i recommend lining lids with a neutral liner in brown and adding a layer of gold shadow from our 28 neutral color eyeshadow palette on for a shimmer. lips- since we are keeping eye makeup simple, consider adding a bright color to lips to bring out the blush on your cheeks. i recommend using our classy gal lip gloss to keep things fancy for your feast. what makeup will you be wearing to thanksgiving dinner? make sure to share your photos with us on instagram and use #bhcosmetics. happy thanksgiving beauties! xoxo, jessica beauty inspiration #throwbackthursday brigitte bardot november 20, 2014jessica leave a comment hi bh beauties! today is thursday, and we know what that means, #throwbackthursday! in honor of our eyes on the ’60 eyeshadow palette, we are going to honor the beautiful brigitte bardot. credit: the guardian brigitte popularized the smoky eye many decades ago, and her look is still stylish. follow these tips to get a smoldering look like her. eyes- grab your favorite smoky eyeshadow palette and choose three colors of a particular shade (i recommend grey or black). apply shadow to eyes and blend from your lashes to the crease. don’t forget to apply the shadow to the lower lash line. blend and smudge shadow with a brush. now it is time to apply eyeliner. a pencil, gel or liquid will do. line eyes with this color (grey or black). don’t forget to layer on a few coats of black mascara to finish the look. face- keep face makeup neutral by using one of our pressed powders to add a light layer of color. lips- bardot was popular for her full and neutral pout. to keep with the ‘60s theme, apply a coat of our peace, love & mod gloss. don’t forget to add volume to your hair to complete the signature bardot look. you are ready to roll as a ’60s goddess. make sure to check out our website to find more of your favorite ‘60s inspired products. xoxo, jessica beauty inspiration classic dilemma, lip gloss vs. lipstick. which is better? november 19, 2014jessica leave a comment hello bh beauties! lip gloss and lipstick are essential products for keeping your pout perfect at all times. both are fabulous and can do wonders for lips, but which product is the best to use? we have you covered with a comparison of these gems. lipstick- lipstick is perfect for adding a pop of color to your face. i recommend wearing lipstick with minimal eye makeup to keep your look balanced. don’t be afraid to experiment with colors either, it comes in a variety of shades that compliment any skin tone. lipstick is often more pigmented than gloss and offers deeper color. it is perfect for a polished look at the office or a playful look for girl’s night out. lip gloss- lip gloss offers a more subtle option in comparison to lipstick. gloss is a must when balancing bold eye makeup. looking for plump lips? gloss is also the perfect accessory for making your pucker look full as well. lip gloss comes in a variety of colors and is perfect for finishing off any look with a subtle hue. i recommend sticking with neutrals for every day looks and spicing things up with a bright shade for evenings and weekends. which do you prefer, lipstick or lip gloss? share your tips and tricks with us on instagram #bhcosmetics. xoxo, jessica beauty inspiration travel in style with our studio pro products november 12, 2014jessica leave a comment hello my bh beauties! i don’t know about you, but i carry all of my cosmetics with me at all times. travel in style for your next vacation there is nothing worse than being on vacation and realizing you left your favorite mascara at home! any beauty queen knows that it takes time and effort to look gorgeous. when traveling, it is important to stay organized and keep all of your cosmetics in one case to ensure a flawless look for snapping selfies. for long trips i recommend packing essentials in a large makeup bag. it is the perfect carrier for everything you need including large products and brushes. in addition to this, it has zippered compartments and exterior pockets for organizing items. this bag will help you make sure you never lose a beauty essential. every babe knows that makeup brushes are a must-have for proper product application. our medium size makeup bag is perfect for storing all brushes, tools and accessories. don’t forget to clean brushes when on the go with our brush cleaner. studio pro large set bag make sure to always stock up on your favorite bh goodies before any major trip. what are your must-haves for traveling? share your favorites with us on instagram and use #bhcosmetics. safe travels beauties! xoxo, jessica beauty inspiration halloween makeup recap november 7, 2014jessica leave a comment hi bh babes, i hope you got to enjoy some pumpkin carving and indulged in your favorite scary movies and sweet treats for halloween. my favorite part of halloween is getting to play around with bold makeup looks i have always wanted to try. while the holiday may be over, we are not done celebrating. here is a recap of the best makeup looks we saw when out and about this halloween! the cat eye- the cat eye is a frisky look that can be rocked at any time of the year, but it was overwhelmingly popular this halloween. to get the cat eye, i recommend using our party girl eyeliner pencil in after hours to line eyes and finishing it with a coat of bh liquid eyeliner. don’t forget to add mascara for drama and volume, or if you want to feel fierce pop on a pair of false eyelashes. bold eyeshadow- there were some beautiful bold eyeshadow colors that matched the creative costumes i saw on halloween. lots of beauties were sporting deep blues and greens with their outfits. our 60 color bh day & night palette has the perfect blend of shades for every event and outfit to keep you looking glamorous 24/7 like these girls. deep red lips- it isn’t halloween without red lipstick right? as usual, this was a favorite for 2014. red lips are the perfect way to highlight your pout and draw attention to a beautiful smile. while dark lips and dark eye makeup were popular for halloween, i recommend keeping eyes neutral with red lipstick for all other times of the year. thank you to everyone who participated in our halloween makeup contest. make sure to check out the looks of the beauties that entered and cast your vote. voting closes tuesday, november 11. we applaud everyone who got into the spirit this year. you all looked gorgeous! xoxo, jessica beauty inspiration post navigation ← older posts search recent posts christmas makeup inspiration celebrate december’s birthstone tanzanite matte lipstick, a breakdown of our favorite shades 5 minute makeup: the bold lip celebrate november’s birthstone: topaz categories beauty inspiration contests & promotions events fan spotlight fashion inspiration tips & tricks tutorials & diy archives select month december 2014 november 2014 september 2014 august 2014 july 2014 june 2014 may 2014 april 2014 march 2014 february 2014 january 2014 december 2013 november 2013 october 2013 september 2013 august 2013 july 2013 june 2013 may 2013 april 2013 march 2013 february 2013 january 2013 december 2012 november 2012 october 2012 september 2012 august 2012 july 2012 june 2012 may 2012 bhfacebook © 2014 bh cosmetics beauty blog. proudly powered by wordpress. divine by csthemes