来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151230125616/http://www.bhcosmetics.com/careers
================================================================================

beauty and ecommerce careers & jobs | bh cosmetics! 0 free shipping on all orders over $50 (u.s. only) oops! please enter a search term. bh home careers careers customer service: contact us mon-fri: 6am-5:30pm pstmon-fri: 9am-5pm pst (spanish)sat-sun closed help center track order gift card balance wholesale careers contact us creative director customer service representative business development intern social media intern product development intern human resources manager apply for this position current open positions: creative directorcustomer service representativebusiness development internsocial media internproduct development internhuman resources manager to apply: click on the position you are interested in, click the apply button and upload your resume and cover letter for review. if your experience and qualifications are a match we will contact you as soon as possible. creative director experience: director employment type: full-time position summary we are looking for a very talented creative director who can ensure top-notch designs and lead our creative team. this role is responsible for spearheading all creative and brand management initiatives while collaborating across all departments and managing a team of designers. the ideal candidate will have extensive beauty industry branding experience and proven ability to bring new products to the market with successful campaigns. responsibilities: • responsible for all of our product package design • responsible for our product imagery which visually communicates the story behind them, and brings our products to life • develop creative solutions for all print materials • coordinate and art direct photo and video shoots and makeup artists • responsible for look and feel of all creative assets from concept thru execution • manage, motivate and mentor team to attain organizational goals • prioritize numerous overlapping projects • foster good interdepartmental relationships • collaborate and work closely with all departments (pd, marketing, social media, sales) requirements and preferences • 5+ years of creative/brand management experience in the beauty industry • bachelor’s degree required • master’s degree is a plus • proven talent in creative concepts, art direction and branding • must have experience leading and developing a creative team • excellent interpersonal and communications skills, both oral and written • passion for design and an obsession for details customer service representative experience: associate entry level employment type: full-time job description want to join a highly-successful e-commerce and color cosmetics company?  bh cosmetics is seeking customer service representatives who possess an unwavering dedication to superior customer service.  if you are positive and highly-motivated, apply today for an opportunity to join the team! ensure that superior customer service is delivered at all times to all customers demonstrate a positive attitude in a fast-paced environment keep up-to-date on new sales, promotions, coupons & new product launches advise customers on complimentary product offerings ensure emails are responded to in a timely fashion ensure phone calls are responded to quickly & with proper etiquette ensure returns & replacements are properly tracked & shipped proactively assist teammates and manager requirements & preferences bilingual (spanish & english) - a plus 1-3 years of experience in customer service (at a call center or office) ability to talk and type simultaneously and be computer literate ability to type at least 40 wpm and be an excellent speller strong problem-solving skills proficiency in microsoft office strong writing and grammar skills excellent phone etiquette team player cosmetology or make-up experience - a plus desk.com experience gmail experience basecamp experience magento experience must be available for overtime only candidates residing in the area will be considered at this time. business development intern experience: internship employment type: part-time are you pursuing a career in business and looking for real world experience with an exciting growing company? bh cosmetics is looking for highly-motivated part-time interns to join its sales team. as an intern, you will have the opportunity to gain practical hands-on experience by working directly with our sales director and account executives.  this internship runs per school session and is based out of our north hollywood office.  this is a non-paid opportunity, however you will be eligible for a letter of recommendation and college credit.  also, interns will be considered for future opportunities! gain experience in: order fulfillment (logistics, shipping) customer management inventory management implementing sales strategies international exporting regulations up-selling and cross-selling techniques accounts receivable brainstorming revenue-generating concepts misc. projects as defined by sales team requirements & preferences must be at least 18 years old must be currently enrolled in an accredited college or university must receive college credit for the internship pursuing a degree in business or related major excellent written, verbal, and presentation skills familiarity with computers, databases and office suites, word & excel positive attitude, self-motivated with a strong attention to detail social media intern experience: internship employment type: part-time are you pursuing a career in marketing or social media and looking for real world experience with an exciting growing company? bh cosmetics is looking for highly-motivated part-time interns to join its social media team. as an intern, you will have the opportunity to gain practical hands-on experience by working directly in our elite social media program dedicated to creating high-quality experiences for each and every customer.  this internship runs per school session and is based out of our burbank office.  this is a non-paid opportunity, however you will be eligible for a letter of recommendation and college credit.  also, interns will be considered for future opportunities! gain experience in: content creation effective engagement with followers and influential bloggers and youtube gurus coordinating product reviews and giveaways web analytics & reporting online marketing & social media trends misc. projects as defined by social media team product photography pre/post-production experience for product photography (product placement, lighting, etc.) touching up photos requirements & preferences must be at least 18 years old must be currently enrolled in an accredited college or university must receive college credit for the internship pursuing a degree in marketing, business or related major excellent written, verbal, and presentation skills highly-organized punctual possess a car for running local errands familiarity with computers, databases and office suites, word & excel positive attitude, self-motivated with a strong attention to detail knowledge of photoshop/illustrator - major plus should be comfortable using a digital camera, experience using dslr cameras - major plus product development intern experience: internship employment type: part-time are you pursuing a career in product development and looking for real world experience with an exciting growing company? bh cosmetics is looking for highly-motivated part-time interns to join its product development team. as an intern, you will have the opportunity to gain practical hands-on experience by working directly with our product development director.  this internship runs per school session and is based out of our burbank office.  this is a non-paid opportunity, however you will be eligible for a letter of recommendation and college credit.  also, interns will be considered for future opportunities! gain experience in: • maintaining product development translation files • preparing new items for site launch • proofing product one sheets and all copy • make-up shade matching submissions • creating color layouts and charts • maintaining product development workroom • handling general office tasks: shipping, filing, faxing, organizing, etc. • misc. projects as defined by product development team requirements & preferences • must be at least 18 years old • must be currently enrolled in an accredited college or university • must receive college credit for the internship • pursuing a degree in merchandise product development, manufacturing & product development or related major • excellent written, verbal, and presentation skills • highly-organized • punctual • possess a car for running local errands • familiarity with computers, databases and office suites, word & excel • positive attitude, self-motivated with a strong attention to detail human resources manager experience: director employment type: full-time bh cosmetics is seeking an experienced human resources manager to join our expanding team! as one of the fastest growing companies in the us, bh cosmetics is constantly seeking professionals to fill out important company roles. we are looking for someone who has an eye for talent, as well as a strong understanding of employment policies and regulations. primary responsibilities: • coordinate quality recruitment activities: i.) post & advertise for openings ii.) maintain resume/applicant profile databases iii.) participate in career days, job fairs and headhunting activities iv.)screen resumes and employment applications relative to jds v.) verify applicant references, certification/licensure and educational credentials vi.) regulate post-offer probation terms and conditions • process new hire paperwork including data entry into hris system and file management • schedule, coordinate & conduct interviews for new hires and orientations for new on-board employees • resolve employee issues and conflicts • responsible for manager development • involved in various aspects of operational needs in lieu of an operations director • assist higher management in the creation and implementation of new policies • prepare offer, regret and acknowledgment letters • administer background checks like criminal, motor vehicle checks, as well as e-verification of authenticating employment eligibility for new employees while vigilantly monitoring results • maintain attendance record • liaise between employees and the management in a courteous and professional manner • manage recruitment events • initiate policies for employee recreational and recognition activities • monitor operational compliance with the company’s policies and procedures • maintain, monitored and tracked various statistical and departmental reports • handle termination process tactfully: i.) notify and carry out required documentation for payroll changes ii.) conduct employee exit interviews iii.) process benefit notifications for planning executives • respond to employee queries, including but not limited to absenteeism and policies • participate in special projects like implementation of workday policy refresher, payroll restructuring and time-keeping. • diplomatically respond to state unemployment claims • coordinate hr technologies including erps to automate and streamline department workflow • represent the department and takecomplete responsibility, in the absence of higher hr management • responsible for various office and facilities duties such as cleaning, copy machine vendors and ordering office supplies in lieu of administrative staff desired skills & qualifications • bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university • 3-5 years of experience in human resources • knowledge of employment laws and regulations-required • strong organizational skills-required • ability to multi-task, follow through, and follow-up-required • calm demeanor in pressure situations-required • excellent communication skills- required • ability to speak with confidence to employees, managers, and executives- required • experience with microsoft suite (word, excel) - required • experience with adp payroll systems- strongly preferred • knowledge of e-commerce and/or beauty vertical operations- strongly preferred apply for this position account executive, sales first name:* last name:* email address:* phone number:* upload your cover letter: upload your resume:* please, wait... thank you for applying to bh cosmetics! if your experience and qualifications are a match for this position we will contact you as soon as possible. error: close product categories eye makeup face makeup lip makeup brows makeup brushes accessories popular searches to-dos my account bh blog add review video reviews & tutorials bh gift cards contact information track order contact us careers privacy policy terms & conditions shipping & delivery returns & exchanges authenticity guarantee partners wholesale affiliate program security & awards copyright © 2015, bhcosmetics.comall rights reserved.