来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171230172703/http://www.bhcosmetics.com/blog
================================================================================

bh cosmetics beauty & makeup blog bh cosmetics beauty news a blog dedicated to all things bh, beauty, makeup and fabulous-ness. shop videos press sale how to get eyebrows on fleek november 29, 2017bh beauty blog leave a comment we have all experienced or seen less than perfect eyebrows. just as the winged eyeliner is a hard style to match from one lid to the next, shaping the perfect brow can be a real struggle. while it’s easy to give into the frustration of trying to replicate that one perfect brow, use these five steps before wielding your brow wand. know your face shape just as your face shape will determine what hairstyles look best, it also plays a key role in defining your eyebrow shape. not everyone can rock the same brow look with a different face shape. depending on your shape, the arch of the eyebrow can fall at a much different angle. it’s important to clearly identify what face shape you have, and then determine how much arch your brow should have. if you’re having trouble determining what your face shape is, consult your hairstylist. he or she will be the most knowledgeable in this department. if your stylist is mia, consult a close friend or family member. map them out once you know your face shape, it is then time to map out your brows. your brows should be a certain distance apart, have a certain peak of where the arch goes, and a tapered ending towards the outside of your eye. again, each of these should be determined based on your face shape. to make sure the arch and end point are the same on both brows, use your brow pencil as a ruler to create straight line from brow to brow. now you will be able to see if the arches fall evenly. do this with the outside corners to make sure both brows have the same end point. use natural strokes when filling in your brows, it’s important to fill with strokes the way the hairs naturally grow. if the hairs toward the inside corner of your eye naturally grows upward, then fill that section with upward strokes. if you’re filling in a larger section, start off with small strokes. small strokes can be made into larger strokes once you start filling in more sections. however, if you start with large strokes and do not like the way your brows are turning out, there’s a small chance of salvaging what you just filled. fill in any gaps if the tweezers somehow had a mind of their own and you over-plucked, it’s important to evenly fill those gaps. just as filling a full brow with natural strokes is important, it’s equally important when filling spots that aren’t quite as thick. in these areas make sure that the strokes are clearly defined. you will want to create the illusion of hair, and not only fill in the gap with a solid color. start with small, feathered strokes, and move to a larger stroke if needed. match the color when filling in your brows it’s important to match the color of your hair. this makes your filled brows more realistic. if your hair is blonde, and you fill your brows with a medium to dark brown shade, the brow will look overdone. make sure your brow has the same tones as your hair, and complements your skin tone. if you have lighter colored brows and wish to fill them in to create a more noticeable look, try going a shade or two darker to create that illusion. if after trying a few shades you’re noticing your eyebrows aren’t popping like you wish they would, continue trying a darker shade combination till you get your desired effect. next time you’re filling in your brows, keep in mind these five tips! don’t throw that brow wand with frustration and give in to less than perfect brows. use this tips to get perfect, on fleek eyebrows every time. tips & tricks, tutorials & diy comments 0 tell us what you think! best blush colors for your skin tone november 22, 2017bh beauty blog leave a comment blush is a top contender when it comes to our must-have beauty products. why? it creates a colorful, shimmery glow, applies easily, and looks equally great whether you rock a full face of makeup or you just want to wear the basics. but every makeup maven knows that it’s important to find a blush that complements your skin tone. at bh cosmetics, we love experimenting with makeup to find the best formulas and colors for every skin. here are our tips for which blushes look best with olive, fair, medium, and dark skin tones. additionally, we recommend a bh blush product for every skin tone. roses and peaches for fair skin always match your blush to your skin’s undertones, as blush is meant to bring out your natural color. so if you have fair skin with peach undertones, a peach blush will go well with your complexion. a light rosy, pink looks gorgeous for babes with pink or red undertones. if you like to change your makeup with the seasons, a light coral blush is beautiful for summer. to give you an extra pop, use a shimmery powder or gel formula rather than a matte formula. these blushes will blend well, but still give you some sparkle and dimension on your face. for fair-skinned babes, we recommend our nude blush palette, which contains shimmery corals and light pinks. bright pinks for medium skin most people fall into this skin tone category, and if you’re one of them, opt for a bright pink or mauve. even a blush in fuchsia looks fabulous on you. peach also looks great, especially if you have gold undertones. your medium skin tone allows you to go with a deeper peach than someone with fair skin. what bh blush product do we recommend for you? try our rosé cheek tint from illuminate by ashley tisdale for medium skin tones! apricots and neutral roses for olive skin olive skin is similar to medium skin, but tends to have fewer golden or brown undertones. therefore, you want to choose neutral shades of blush colors. anything cool can make your skin look blue or yellow. neutral roses, berries, and apricots look best on olive skin. any of the shades in this four-color blush palette would look beautiful on you! deep reds and berries for dark skin if your skin tone is on the darker side of the color spectrum, you have a wide range of hues to choose from. experiment with deep reds, roses and even oranges. deep purples also look amazing on you. our blushed neutrals palette has deep purples and berries that look gorgeous with dark skin! along with your blush, add a gold or champagne color to highlight. swipe on some of our bahama bronze duo cheek color as a highlighter to compliment your skin tone and create a sun-kissed look. always remember when applying blush that a little goes a long way. start with a small amount and layer until you get the look that you want. blush should go on the apples of your cheeks. the easiest way to make sure you get the apples of your cheeks is to smile when you apply, and then swipe towards your ears. ready to experiment and find your best blush shade? use our blushes and blush palettes to mix and match! beauty inspiration, tips & tricks, tutorials & diy comments 0 tell us what you think! the ultimate guide to eye makeup for brown and hazel eyes november 16, 2017bh beauty blog leave a comment makeup is all about having fun and experimenting, but there’s no doubt that certain colors can really make your eyes pop. find out which colors are best for bringing out brown and hazel eyes, along with our recommendations for bh cosmetics products that will complement your natural beauty! best colors for brown eyes if you are a brown-eyed girl, there are a variety of colors that flatter dark brown hues. the best colors to pick include shades of gold, taupe, and purple. we have a variety of palettes that are suited for brown eyes. the neutral eyes 28 color eyeshadow palette is packed with flattering shades including matte and shimmer purples and neutrals. consider switching up your traditional smokey eye to a purple smokey eye for a unique take on this look. another great eyeshadow palette that has the ideal colors for highlighting brown eyes is the wild child baked eyeshadow palette. this palette features a mix of neutral gold shades with pops of plums and purples that can be used for a more casual daytime look or amped up during the evening for a plum smokey eye.if you are looking for a versatile palette packed with tons of eyeshadows for brown eyes, the sixth edition 120 color eyeshadow palette is another choice to consider. it is filled with 120 different colors including a mix of bold purples and golds. shadows come in a variety of textures. we love mattes for daytime and shimmers for evenings. another way to switch up your look is to apply one of the deep purple eyeshadows as eyeliner. lightly dust shadow onto your preferred eyeliner makeup brush and apply to upper and lower lash line for a polished look. don’t forget to finish with a hint of your favorite lip color to perfect your style! marie claire recommends pinks or nudes for brown eyes. stock up on tea-time or forever nude (or both) from our crème luxe lipstick collection to complete your look. best colors for hazel eyes hazel-eyed beauties have a unique combination of brown and green, so you can use different eyeshadows to bring out certain colors in your eyes and really make them stand out. some of the best eyeshadow shades to pair with hazel eyes include champagne, pink, and brown. we recommend investing in a palette that has a mix of these colors such as our studio pro dual effect wet/dry eyeshadow palette. this palette offers golds, neutrals, and pink eyeshadows and can be applied wet or dry so you have more room to experiment with the look. another option if you love champagne and brown eyeshadows is the illuminate by ashley tisdale: beach goddess eye and cheek collection. this palette has shimmer and metallic golds and bronzes that can be used to create a beachy summer look. you can balance the color on your eyes with one of the blushes or bronzers included in the palette for a sun kissed and vibrant face. apply one of the deep brown eyeshadows from this palette as eyeliner for a neutral, bronze smokey eye. complete your look with your favorite lip gloss or lipstick! marie claire recommends sticking to coral or medium brown shades for hazel eyes. we suggest applying skinny dipping from our ashley tisdale enhancing lip gloss collection to complete lips. even if you aren’t a hazel- or brown-eyed babe, all of these products can help you create your best bh look! show us how you bring out your eye color on instagram with the hashtag #bhcosmetics! lifestyle, tips & tricks, tutorials & diy comments 0 tell us what you think! shimmer vs. matte makeup: find your ideal makeup finish november 9, 2017bh beauty blog leave a comment shimmer and matte makeup are two of the most common makeup finishes you’ll come across. these two textures are on the opposite ends of the makeup spectrum, but both have their benefits. no matter which type you prefer, both are capable of creating gorgeous makeup looks. let’s breakdown matte versus shimmer makeup to find out which type of makeup is best for you! matte makeup matte makeup is pretty easy to spot, as it’s that poreless, airbrushed look that we all know and love. generally, matte makeup does not contain any oil. therefore, it can be ideal for people with oily skin. if you have dry skin, matte makeup can make it appear more noticeable. how to apply matte makeup wash and moisturize your face before you apply matte foundation. because it doesn’t contain oil, matte makeup won’t budge, but we always recommend using a primer first. if you have dry skin, our studio pro anti-shine and our studio pro mattifying primer are both great options to prep your foundation. apply matte makeup using a blending sponge, as this will help to give your foundation that airbrushed look that you are after. for matte eye makeup, it’s pretty simple. make sure your eyeshadow primer also has a matte finish, like this long-wear primer. avoid any eyeshadows that are too shimmery. our modern neutrals 28 color matte eyeshadow palette contains lots of versatile, matte shades for you to choose from. don’t forget about your lips! lucky for you, liquid matte lipstick is one of the hottest beauty trends in the industry, and one we don’t see going away any time soon. shimmer makeup shimmer makeup is just what it sounds like…it shimmers! unlike its matte counterpart, shimmer makeup contains sparkle and glitter. it’s known for giving that sun-kissed, youthful glow. how to apply shimmer makeup to get this look, choose a foundation that isn’t labeled as matte. it sounds obvious, but using matte makeup will create the opposite effect. we like liquid foundations for this look, but bb cream will also make you appear radiant all day long. shimmer can come in various textures, but it’s most important that your setting powder contains shimmer. the powder will give you the illuminating look that you want. once you’ve finished applying your foundation, use a light, fluffy brush to gently apply your setting powder. don’t use too much pressure. light pressure will give you that subtle shimmer that you want. what better way to get that illuminating look you want than illuminate by ashley tisdale collection? the illuminating shimmer works well as a bronzer or highlighter to create a glowy look that warms your skin. don’t be afraid to apply this product to your collarbone and neck too. our blacklight highlight palette is another must-have if you are team shimmer. hint: you can also use it on your eyes! for your eyes, apply a neutral shimmer as the base shade. you can also apply a lighter shimmer to the inner corners of your eyelids. finish with your favorite lip gloss, and you’re ready to shimmer and shine! are you team shimmer or team matte? at bh cosmetics, we love a good beauty debate! looking for more comparisons of your favorite beauty products? check out our post that’s all about gloss versus matte lipsticks. lifestyle, tips & tricks comments 0 tell us what you think! how to wear makeup from the gym to brunch november 2, 2017bh beauty blog leave a comment when it comes to athleisure wear, the mantra has always been, “when you look good, you feel good.” so why don’t we follow the same rule when it comes to makeup? there’s no shame in wearing a few swipes of mascara or some bb cream to the gym. find out how you can get a natural makeup look that easily transitions from the gym to a post-workout brunch! skip foundation with all of those planks and lunges, you’re bound to break a sweat, or should we say sparkle? let your skin breathe and leave your foundation at home. if you still want some coverage, opt for a bb cream. bb cream is more lightweight than foundation. if you would like something even lighter, feel confident at the gym by applying out studio pro total coverage concealer. just apply to your blemishes or under eye circles as needed! apply eyeliner to your upper eyelid skip applying eyeliner to your lower eyelid where it can easily smudge when you sweat. instead, apply eyeliner to your upper lid only. this is a gym-friendly way to still make your eyes pop. our liquid eyeliner is completely smudge-proof, making it an essential for your gym makeup routine. keep mascara to a minimum you only need one or two coats of mascara when you’re at the gym. if you apply too much, it can look overdone. all you really need are a couple of coats to make your eyes look bright and awake. consider using waterproof mascara if you sweat a lot. when you’re ready for brunch, just swipe on a few more coats of mascara! choose a long lasting lipstick as much as we love a bold lip, the gym probably isn’t the place to rock one. if you can’t go out the door without some color on your lips, try a nude lip gloss or lipstick. make sure whatever you choose is long lasting. this ensures that it will stay in place while you sweat, and even when you’re sipping on mimosas later. to freshen up after your workout, keep a pack of oil blotting papers in your gym bag. dab over any spots on your face where you have extra shine. add a few extra swipes of mascara if needed, and you’re ready to for brunch! tips & tricks, tutorials & diy comments 0 tell us what you think! throwback thursday: 90s/early 00s makeup october 26, 2017bh beauty blog leave a comment to all my bh ladies, we know the 90s and early 2000s looks are back and better than ever. but how can we make better be the best? nothing pulls together a good outfit like great makeup. keep your throwback style on point with the top 3 hottest 90s and early 2000s makeup trends brought to you by bh cosmetics. 1. nude and brown lips nothing says 90s like a nude lip and the best part is, everyone can pull it off. christina flach, a professional makeup artist says, “there is nothing i love more than a fad/trend that actually works on the majority of people in the world,” and we can’t agree more! pair your striking nude lip with a long black dress for a fancy occasion or rock it with your bandana and overalls for that casual street look. get your nude lip on with one of our muse lip kit. need to add a little naked to your nude? the nude lips 28 color lipstick palette has all the naked shades you are looking for. following up as a close second to the nude lip is the brown lip! a brown lip screams 90s and can be as versatile as the nude lip. think jennifer aniston and courteney cox in the early episodes of f.r.i.e.n.d.s. use our color lock long lasting matte lipstick to really nail the posh brown lip you are going for. don’t forget to line out your brown lip either. take a darker tone from the nude lips 28 color palette and apply it with our lip liner brush for the ultimate 90s feel. 2. black eyeliner remember avril lavigne and the late 90s black eyeliner she wore in all of her album covers and music videos? yep, you guessed it. it’s back and we have the tools for you to make it stand out better than before. take your pick from our black liquid eyeliner that has a thin tip for perfect application. for a more traditional route, apply our studio pro waterproof gel liner with our fine eyeliner brush to create thin or thick lines to get the bold look you want. rock your long shaggy hair and grungy flannel with a liner that will make people see you know 90s like the back of your hand. 3. metallic eyeshadow if anyone knew how to strut around with a bold metallic eye, it was lizzie mcguire as she edged into the early 2000s. teal, blue, purple, and pink metallic shades scream 90s to the high heavens. our 88 color eyeshadow palette has every tint and hue of shimmery metallic shadow that you need to compliment a trendy lace outfit. lace is coming back with more sophistication than ever before. christina flach says to play your exclusive look with a daunting metallic eye that is worn in the evening instead of the daytime. she also says to place a hint of the shadow in the crease of your eyelid to get a more modern 90s look. regardless of the occasion, 90s and early 2000s makeup can be worn anywhere! incorporate 90s makeup into your current style or make early 2000s rain from the very top of your butterfly clips to the tip of your jelly sandals. whichever look you choose, it will be beautiful. live, laugh, and love bh to all of my babes. beauty inspiration, tutorials & diy comments 0 tell us what you think! new shaaanxo makeup is here! rock the remix october 26, 2017diana paz leave a comment get ready for a world of glamour new shaaanxo makeup is finally here and this news is huge! the long-awaited arrival of her shaaanxo – the remix 18 color shadow palette is finally here! watch our favorite new zealand beauty superstar in action see shaaanxo create a gorgeous bronze eye with a collection she created herself! this beautiful collection of shaaanxo makeup includes creamy mattes and radiant shimmers. with a range of shades that go from pale and bright to deep and sultry, her palette is perfect for any season. a new shaaanxo makeup palette with 9 fan-faves and 9 all-new hues, you can create soft, subtle everyday looks or turn up the volume on your favorite shades for ultra-glam makeup that rocks the night! and with an innovative dual-sided design, it’s easy to take anywhere. amp it up! with gorgeous bright pink and lush lilac hues, you can take your makeup looks to the next level! shaaanxo makeup is always fun and upbeat – just like shaaanxo herself! more about shaaanxo obsessed  with all things makeup and fashion, shannon harris’ charming personality  and  girl-next-door relatability have made her the most subscribed-to channel in her native new zealand. her global audience has grown at a record-breaking pace, with  the majority of her viewers based in the united states. she teaches viewers to be self-accepting while enhancing their natural beauty via her  primary youtube channel shaaanxo, as well as  on  her blog. she also has a secondary channel, shaaanxovlogs, which gives viewers a glimpse into her entertaining everyday life. jam to your own glam! get the palette that lets your own unique beauty shine through! we can hardly wait to see all of the fun looks you create. connect with us on facebook, instagram, and twitter and show off your looks! don’t forget to tag us @bhcosmetics and use #bhcosmetics so we can see your beautiful makeup creations. collaborations comments 0 tell us what you think! for the unicorn-obsessed: how to create this magical makeup look october 19, 2017bh beauty blog leave a comment from starbucks’ frappuccinos to cake, the unicorn trend is more than make-believe, and it’s not just limited to food. unicorn makeup is one of the hottest trends in the beauty industry. it’s fun and playful! if you’re unicorn-obsessed, here’s how to create your own look that will have you feeling truly magical! glitter makeup what’s more magical than glitter makeup? use a damp brush to apply our loose glitter makeup on your eyes, cheeks, or lips. if you prefer a subtle sparkly look, add a little bit of shimmer to your lips over your favorite lip gloss or lipstick. and if you want to go all out—we say the more, the better—apply the glitter as eye shadow to your eyelids. mermaid blue, royal blue, and baby pink are the best glitter colors for unicorn makeup. rainbow eyes and cheeks total beauty suggests that you try rainbow pastel cheeks and eyes if you really want to be on trend. unicorn makeup is all about iridescent pastel colors, so our blacklight 6 color highlighter palette is a must-have in your unicorn makeup arsenal! layer these pearlized pastels with our crystal quartz 12 piece brush set on your cheekbones for the perfect unicorn highlighter. don’t be afraid to play around with different colors to create a mystical rainbow effect. our blacklight highlighter palette isn’t just for cheekbones. apply it to your eyes for the perfect unicorn eyeshadow! again, it’s all about rainbow colors. here’s how to do unicorn eye makeup: apply the lightest color on your lids first, leaving space to add a few colors. blend lightly to create a dusty effect. add another color in the crease of your eye. apply a different color on your brow bone, like a different shade of a color you put on your eyelid. finish it off with your favorite black eyeliner, or grab some glitter eyeliner! the unicorn look is all about standing out, so don’t be afraid to go bold with your eye makeup! and remember, you can always opt for glitter instead. experiment with different colors and shades for your own take on unicorn makeup. false eyelashes the key to unicorn makeup is to make your eyes pop, and false eyelashes are a must if you want to truly channel your inner unicorn. make your eyes flutter and dance with our studio pro lashes for that added oomph. use lashes that are dense for a mystical look, saving your thinner false eyelashes for when you need to be more natural. want to take your love for unicorns a step further? pair your unicorn makeup with a bold hair color. try bright pink, or a blue or purple in a pastel shade. throw on your favorite unicorn onesie and have a movie night with your fellow #teamunicorn bh babes. we can’t wait to see your own spin on unicorn makeup! tag bh cosmetics on instagram to share your unicorn-inspired makeup looks with us. tips & tricks comments 0 tell us what you think! think pink! breast cancer awareness (and how you can help!) october 17, 2017diana paz leave a comment october = breast cancer awareness month hey bh beauties, it’s breast cancer awareness month! we’re ready to show off our pink all october long to support the strong, gorgeous women around the globe battling breast cancer. join us in the fight against this devastating disease! we’re giving our support to the young survivor’s coalition (ysc) again for another year! about the young survival coalition (ysc) ysc was founded in 1998 by three women who were diagnosed with breast cancer under the age of 35. they realized there weren’t many resources available for young women dealing with a diagnosis and recovery—so they dedicated themselves to addressing issues unique to young breast cancer patients and survivors. ysc provides them with empowerment, support, outreach—and hope. about our partnership and how you can help the support from last year’s pink perfection brush set breast cancer awareness drive was so successful, we’re giving back again! for every pink perfection brush set sold through the month of october, we’re donating 20% of the proceeds to ysc! this set includes all the face and eye brushes you need to perfect your look, and it comes in a stylish chevron-patterned travel case. it’s the perfect way to glam it up while making a difference. now, glam up and show your support! to raise even more awareness, we want you to post a photo and tag us with a unique makeup look that you create using our pink perfection brush set. use the hashtag, #bhxysc and share your story about why you wanted to help raise breast cancer awareness this month. follow us on instagram and facebook to see more! a message from ysc “we are so excited to partner again with bh cosmetics to spread real awareness about breast cancer and empower young women to be their own best health advocates,” says young survival coalition ceo jennifer merschdorf. “bh has been an incredible partner year after year, and we are so thrilled to have their support. the vibrant products bh produces reflect the energy and beauty of the young women we serve.” thank you for your amazing kindness and generosity. you are all beautiful, inside and out, so think pink and think hope, bh beauties! let’s fight this battle in style, together. for more information on breast cancer awareness month, how to help, or to make a donation, please visit: https://www.youngsurvival.org events comments 0 tell us what you think! three fall beauty trends you should try october 12, 2017bh beauty blog leave a comment don’t be fooled. even though temperatures cool down, fall has some of the hottest beauty trends. we scoured the runways and flipped through the pages of our favorite magazines to pick the three fall makeup trends that we think every bh babe can—and should—try. no makeup makeup bring out your natural beauty with a minimal makeup look. one of fall’s hottest trends is the no makeup look. you might think this look is better for hotter temps, but a toned-down, natural face looks great no matter the season. create this look for those fall days when you want to cozy up in chunky sweaters and sip pumpkin spice lattes. to achieve this look, use a beauty sponge for your foundation, which tends to blend better than a liquid foundation brush. apply a little bit of blush, but remember to keep it light and build as you go. after all, we’re going for an au natural look! finally, curl your eyelashes and apply your favorite mascara, like our bliss lash mascara featured below! all around black eyeliner we told you the 90s are back, and this bold, mysterious look is proof of that! we love this intense, dark eye from the fall 2017 elie saab show, and it’s a look you can easily do at home. this look might seem like it requires a makeup artist, but a smudge brush prevents it from looking too harsh or overdone. check out this tutorial on how to get that perfect smudge with your eyeliner! remember, to be on trend for fall, connect your eyeliner at the inner and outer corners of your eyes so your liner goes all the way around. if you’re unsure if you can pull it off, try charcoal or metallic instead of black. two-toned lips can’t pick just one lip color? then you’ll love the two-toned lip trend! it seems like this trend keeps coming back, and we love it! there are a few ways to do this lip, but we like the simplicity of a dark color on the upper lip and a lighter shade on the lower lip. you can opt for two shades of the same color, or mix it up with two different colors. just make sure the colors complement each other, like a magenta and burgundy. switch out your rosie pink and tangerine lipsticks for hues that are more appropriate for fall. you can’t go wrong with deep red, matte nude, and berry. to prevent smudging or fading, make sure to apply a sugar scrub before you apply lipstick. this helps to exfoliate and get rid of dead skin. do you love switching up your makeup with the seasons? which fall beauty trends do you want to try? follow us on instagram and youtube to see how we stick with the trends! don’t forget to share how you do fall beauty with us! beauty inspiration, tips & tricks comments 0 tell us what you think! post navigation ← older posts search recent posts how to get eyebrows on fleek best blush colors for your skin tone the ultimate guide to eye makeup for brown and hazel eyes shimmer vs. matte makeup: find your ideal makeup finish how to wear makeup from the gym to brunch categories beauty inspiration collaborations contests & promotions events fan spotlight fashion inspiration lifestyle product launch tips & tricks tutorials & diy uncategorized archives archives select month november 2017 october 2017 august 2017 july 2017 june 2017 april 2017 march 2017 february 2017 january 2017 december 2016 november 2016 october 2016 september 2016 august 2016 july 2016 may 2016 april 2016 march 2016 february 2016 january 2016 december 2015 november 2015 october 2015 september 2015 august 2015 july 2015 june 2015 may 2015 april 2015 march 2015 february 2015 january 2015 december 2014 november 2014 september 2014 august 2014 july 2014 june 2014 may 2014 april 2014 march 2014 february 2014 january 2014 december 2013 november 2013 october 2013 september 2013 august 2013 july 2013 june 2013 may 2013 april 2013 march 2013 february 2013 january 2013 december 2012 november 2012 october 2012 september 2012 august 2012 july 2012 june 2012 may 2012 bhfacebook © 2017 bh cosmetics beauty news. proudly powered by wordpress. divine by csthemes