来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181123174609/https://www.bhcosmetics.com/pages/support-center
================================================================================

faq / support center| customer service – bh cosmetics llc skip to content back account log in best sellers new eyes view all palettes pigments brows lashes liners gift card brushes & tools view all brush sets single brushes vegan brushes tools gift card face view all foundation & powder contour & highlight blush & bronzer primer & concealer glitter gift card lips view all liquid lipstick lipstick lip gloss lip liner gift card sale view all eyes sale brush sale face sale lips sale last chance #bhcosmetics twitter facebook pinterest instagram youtube free u.s. shipping on orders $40+ sale ends in: bh cosmetics best sellers new eyes brushes & tools face lips sale #bhcosmetics account what can we help you find? search 0 palettes pigments brows lashes liners gift card love in all shades: zodiac love signs palette shop now featured palette: ultimate matte shop now brush sets single brushes vegan brushes tools gift card featured brush collection shop now blend beautifully: royal affair shop now foundation & powder contour & highlight blush & bronzer primer & concealer glitter gift card find your match: naturally flawless foundation shop now warm up with brilliance bronzer shop now liquid lipstick lipstick lip gloss lip liner gift card go light-weight with liquid linen lippies shop now stay put: waterproof lip liner shop now all sale eyes brushes shop these before they're gone forever! how can we help you? most popular questions how long do i have to initiate a refund? we accept returns up to 14 days after your package is delivered. please see return & exchanges policy. how do i check the status of my order? we know you are eagerly awaiting your bh cosmetics! our goal is to make sure your order arrives completely, safely, and quickly so that you can enjoy everything you’ve purchased. most orders are shipped out within 1 - 2 business days, with many orders shipping out the same day.  during high volume periods like the holidays and new product launches, there may be a delay up to 4 business days to process your order. as soon as your order is shipped, we will email you a tracking number. please allow 1 - 2 business days for the tracking number to show any updates on the couriers website. (fedex, usps, globegistics) what if my order has missing, wrong and/or damaged items? we are sorry that you had issues with your order and will do our best to make it right. please email us at support@bhcosmetics.com and provide your order number along with a photo of what was received. note that international customers are eligible for a refund or gift card only. domestic customers may be eligible for a replacement. all damaged/missing or wrong items must be reported to us within 7 days of receiving your package. keep in mind, that items shipped using a mail forwarding service are not eligible for replacements of any kind. can i cancel or change my order? once the order has been placed, it is immediately sent to our distribution center to begin processing. therefore, we are unable to cancel or change an order once it is placed. do you test your products on animals? bh cosmetics is proud to be a 100% cruelty-free brand. we’re fully committed to providing customers with products that are unsurpassed in safety and quality, and adhering to legal requirements wherever we do business. we do not test any products or ingredients on animals, nor do we ask others to test on our behalf. additionally, we require our manufacturers to sign a legally binding document stating that they do not test our products on animals. how can i track my package? please click here to view the status of your orders. when trying to login, i receive an invalid login message - what should i do? we have recently upgraded our website, requiring all customers to set new passwords. if you have an account with us and your login is not working - please enter your first name, last name, email address and password in the "create account" section on the account page. you'll be sent a verification email and be able to login and see your order history. when trying to reset my password, i receive a "no account" message even though i have an account. what should i do? we have recently upgraded our website, requiring all customers to set new passwords. if you have an account with us and your login is not working - please enter your first name, last name, email address and password in the "create account" section on the account page. you'll be sent a verification email and be able to login and see your order history. how do i check my gift card balance? if the gift card is associated with your account, then you can check the balance by using the link provided in the gift card email. if the gift card is not associated with an account, then you can submit a customer service inquiry with your order number or gift card code to check the balance. still have questions? translation missing: en.general.support_center.select_category returns & exchanges shipping & delivery payments & promotions order issues other products & stock technical general.support_center.technical how long do i have to initiate a refund? we accept returns up to 14 days after your package is delivered. please see return & exchanges policy. what is your return / exchange policy? our goal is to leave you obsessed with your purchase! if you’re not completely in love, we accept returns up to 14 days after your package is delivered. unfortunately, we do not offer exchanges. please note original shipping charges are nonrefundable. we are unable to provide return labels and the shipping cost on returned items will be at the customers’ expense. please click here to begin the return or exchange process. how do i return or exchange an item purchased with afterpay? afterpay returns follow our standard return process. use our online returns portal to print a return label. please note, refunds for afterpay will be refunded from bh cosmetics to afterpay. we cannot provide an exchange or cash refund. as soon as the refund is processed it will drop into your afterpay online account. have more questions about afterpay returns? go to help.afterpay.com. general.support_center.technical how do i check the status of my order? we know you are eagerly awaiting your bh cosmetics! our goal is to make sure your order arrives completely, safely, and quickly so that you can enjoy everything you’ve purchased. most orders are shipped out within 1 - 2 business days, with many orders shipping out the same day.  during high volume periods like the holidays and new product launches, there may be a delay up to 4 business days to process your order. as soon as your order is shipped, we will email you a tracking number. please allow 1 - 2 business days for the tracking number to show any updates on the couriers website. (fedex, usps, globegistics) do you ship to my country? we proudly ship to over 180 countries! free shipping is available on international orders with a subtotal of $75 or more and on all 50 us states and us territories on orders of $40 or more. click here for a list of countries that we ship to. how much are shipping costs? we are so excited to offer free shipping for domestic & international orders! domestic (within 50 united states, and us territories): free shipping on orders with a subtotal of $40 or more, before taxes. international (outside of united states): free shipping on orders with a subtotal of $75 or more. please add items to your cart and continue to the checkout page. then, enter your shipping address and we can provide the exact shipping cost. please click here for more information on shipping & delivery. shipping to freight companies for packages delivered to a freight forwarding company, bh cosmetics is not responsible for any lost, missing, or damaged goods. unfortunately, we cannot make any exceptions to this policy. the billing address must match the address on your credit card. do not use the freight company address as your billing address as this may cause your order to be delayed. how do i update my shipping address after i place an order? unfortunately, we are unable to make changes to the address once the order is placed. if the package is undeliverable to the address used, it will be returned to us and we will contact you for an updated shipping address. how can i track my package? please click here to view the status of your orders. when will my items be delivered if i use afterpay? afterpay orders are delivered within our standard shipping timeframes like any order from bhcosmetics.com. free standard shipping for purchasers in the domestic us is available for orders over $40. visit our shipping page for more information. where can i find out more about afterpay? visit the afterpay website here for a comprehensive list of faqs and check out afterpay’s privacy policy found here. if you have a question about your afterpay account, please contact the afterpay toll-free customer support line at 855-289-6014 or use the contact form found here. general.support_center.technical why do i have to pay custom / duty fees if i already paid for shipping when i placed my order? customers are responsible for all customs and/or import fees charged. unfortunately, we have no control on the application of these fees as they are determined by the country and territory of delivery. customs fees are separate from the shipping cost you paid upon placing your order. each country’s customs & import regulations are different and can fluctuate by value of the order.  we recommend contacting your local customs agency for more information. by law, we cannot lower the invoice value or send the order as a gift. no exceptions. why was i charged a currency conversion fee? all the prices shown on our website and on order/shipping confirmations are in us dollars. if you paid with an international credit card, the currency conversion will take place through your financial institution. (note: depending on your financial institution, you may be charged a currency conversion fee) what payment methods do you accept? credit card – visa, mastercard, american express, and discover debit cards – all debit cards with a visa or mastercard logo pre-paid cards – all pre-paid cards with a visa or mastercard logo as well as apple pay, paypal and amazon pay what are your coupon / promotion rules? we proudly offer an amazing high-quality product at the very best prices possible.   we are able to do this because we have established strong relationships with our manufacturing partners and have always maintained that we want to deliver the best possible product for the price.   when we do have offers, sales, or promotions, kindly keep in mind the following: discounts are based on product subtotal, not including taxes & shipping costs. we are able to allow only one coupon code at a time, and cannot combine coupon codes. exclusions may apply, please review the sale terms carefully. “free gift” promotions are available while supplies last & are subject to change. coupon codes cannot be applied retroactively. sale prices are only available for the stated period of the sale coupon code discounts may not apply to hauls, bundles & sale items, unless otherwise stated in the terms of the sale. bh cosmetics is not responsible for coupon codes posted on third party sites with incorrect information. how do i check my gift card balance? if the gift card is associated with your account, then you can check the balance by using the link provided in the gift card email. if the gift card is not associated with an account, then you can submit a customer service inquiry with your order number or gift card code to check the balance. what is afterpay? afterpay is a service that allows us to offer our customers the ability to make purchases now and pay for them in four equal payments made every 2 weeks without any interest. how do i use afterpay? just shop bhcosmetics.com and check out as usual. at checkout, choose afterpay as your payment method. you will be directed to the afterpay website to register and provide payment details (visa or mastercard). if you’ve used afterpay before, just log in to your afterpay account. then complete your order – it’s that easy! please note, all items in your shopping bag must be eligible for afterpay, and the bag value must be between $35 and $1000. can i use afterpay if i'm an international customer? afterpay is only available to customers with a us billing address. customers with international billing addresses will not be able to create an afterpay account. how does the afterpay payment schedule work? all afterpay customers are required to make their first payment at the time of purchase. the remaining three payments are deducted automatically every 2 weeks in equal installments from your selected payment method. if you would like to make additional unscheduled payments before they are due, you may log in to afterpay to make your payments early. afterpay will then adjust the amount owed accordingly. you can log in to your afterpay account anytime to view your payment schedule or make a payment before the next due date. what if i can't pay an afterpay installment? if funds are not available at the time the automatic payment is due, you will be charged an $8 late payment fee by afterpay. an additional $8 fee will be charged if the missed payment is not made within 7 days. late fees will not exceed 25% of the total order. please see afterpay payment purchase agreement here. is there a limit to how much i can spend on a single afterpay transaction? yes, your bag value must be between $35 and $1,000 to use afterpay on bhcosmetics.com. can i use another form of payment with afterpay? yes, you may also use a bh gift card with afterpay to pay for your purchase as long as your order total is between $35 and $1,000. what products are not eligible for afterpay? afterpay is not available on purchases of gift cards. if your order contains gift cards and other eligible products, you will need to purchase your gift cards separately. general.support_center.technical what if my order is lost? please check with the courier, members of your household and neighbors to see if the package was delivered and held for safe keeping. if you do believe the order was in fact lost, we will do our best to replace the order and re-ship. what if my order has missing, wrong and/or damaged items? we are sorry that you had issues with your order and will do our best to make it right. please email us at support@bhcosmetics.com and provide your order number along with a photo of what was received. note that international customers are eligible for a refund or gift card only. domestic customers may be eligible for a replacement. all damaged/missing or wrong items must be reported to us within 7 days of receiving your package. keep in mind, that items shipped using a mail forwarding service are not eligible for replacements of any kind. can i cancel or change my order? once the order has been placed, it is immediately sent to our distribution center to begin processing. therefore, we are unable to cancel or change an order once it is placed. why is my order missing items? we do our best to make sure your order is shipping quickly, and completely.  however, from time to time, there may be instances when the full order cannot be shipped.   this would be due to one or more of the following reasons: item(s) not available / out of stock item(s) purchased exceeded maximum allowable per item limit (within 30 days). typically 10 units per item. why was my order cancelled? in rare circumstances, we will need to cancel an order.  this is usually because of difficulty in processing payment information which is sometimes due to inconsistent billing address or zip code information provided with credit card. prior to cancelling any order, we will first reach out to you to verify and/or correct credit card details, billing information and/or shipping information. in the unlikely event that we do need to cancel your order, we will send you an email confirming that your order was cancelled.  you will not be charged for any order that was cancelled. general.support_center.technical do you participate in beauty collaborations or provide free samples? we currently do not carry sample products. beauty collaboration requests must go through our pr department. please send your request along with your social media channels and links by email to pr@bhcosmetics.com. general.support_center.technical do you test your products on animals? bh cosmetics is proud to be a 100% cruelty-free brand. we’re fully committed to providing customers with products that are unsurpassed in safety and quality, and adhering to legal requirements wherever we do business. we do not test any products or ingredients on animals, nor do we ask others to test on our behalf. additionally, we require our manufacturers to sign a legally binding document stating that they do not test our products on animals. are your products authentic? we guarantee the authenticity of all products purchased through bh cosmetics online. when purchasing your product at bh cosmetics you can expect the following: exclusive formulation and ingredients (beware of imitations) high quality pigmentation of colors original design and packaging no animal testing order processing and shipment out of california, usa  or wuppertal, germany where can i find product ingredients? a full ingredient listing can be found on every product page. if you are wondering whether a product you’re interested in contains a particular ingredient, just click the “ingredients” tab near the bottom of the product page. ingredient sourcing- questions regarding where specific ingredients are sourced and derived from is proprietary information. bh cosmetics work closely with our suppliers as partners; we collaborate with our labs to assess the safety of all proprietary ingredients before using them in our products. we conduct proper safety and quality control tests during product development and manufacturing. all finished products undergo a full safety assessment and validation of finished products performed by a third-party testing facility. animal derived ingredients- some of our products may contain animal-derived ingredients and are therefore not considered vegan. for further information on any given product, just click the “ingredients” tab on its product page. vegan products- bh cosmetics carries a beautiful selection of vegan products. to view our full collection of vegan products - simply type "vegan" into the search box. allergens- bh cosmetics does not guarantee that any ingredients or products were produced in an allergen-free environment. palm oil- bh cosmetics is committed to advocating for and sourcing palm oil responsibly. we continue to work with suppliers, communities, and knowledgeable organizations to find ethical and sustainable solutions for doing so. how do i care for my brushes? makeup brushes can develop a lot of dirt and bacteria, but regular care and cleansing of your makeup brushes can keep them and your face clean and healthy. keeping your brushes in good condition by washing them regularly will provide you with brushes that will last longer without the need to replace them. here are some tips on how to clean your makeup brushes. 1. using the bh studio pro makeup brush cleaner, spray onto a tissue or directly onto the brush hairs and lightly stroke the brushes across the tissue. repeat by spraying the hairs again if necessary until there is no remaining color left on the tissue. make sure the brush hairs are always pointing downward - this will help prevent any liquid from getting into the ferrule (metal part) or down into the handle for brushes that don’t have ferrules. rinsing with water is not required.   2. for a deep cleaning, use our studio pro dual cleansing brush pad. the textured rubber tool has large and small ridges that penetrate deep into bristles, causing friction that effectively removes all traces of pigment and impurities. simply place the pad in the palm of your hand, add water and brush cleaner or any gentle cleanser, swirl bristles on the pad until clean, then rinse well. 3. after you have thoroughly cleansed your brushes, gently brush them on a clean tissue or paper towel to remove any excess brush cleaner. lay them on a paper towel, tissue or regular towel to dry on their side. at this point, it’s a good idea to reshape the brush to prevent splaying. lay kabuki brushes and any other stand-up brush on their side. never let them dry with brush hairs up in a brush holder. the liquid can run down into the ferrule and over time will break down the glue holding the brush together. 4. lastly, let brushes dry completely before using. dry time will vary, depending on size and brush density. can i still purchase a discontinued or out of stock product? although we always strive to keep your favorite items in stock— occasionally our most popular items do sell out! you cannot purchse a discontinued or out of stock item, however we work hard to ensure that we restock items as soon as possible. what does limited edition mean? if an item is labeled “limited edition,” we will not receive additional stock it when it sells out — don't wait to purchase limited edition products! general.support_center.technical i am having technical issues submitting my order, what should i do? if you are having trouble placing your order, try closing your browser window and retrying. if that does not work, clear your cookies and browser history. when trying to login, i receive an invalid login message - what should i do? we have recently upgraded our website, requiring all customers to set new passwords. if you have an account with us and your login is not working - please enter your first name, last name, email address and password in the "create account" section on the account page. you'll be sent a verification email and be able to login and see your order history. when trying to reset my password, i receive a "no account" message even though i have an account. what should i do? we have recently upgraded our website, requiring all customers to set new passwords. if you have an account with us and your login is not working - please enter your first name, last name, email address and password in the "create account" section on the account page. you'll be sent a verification email and be able to login and see your order history. i am having technical issues, what should i do? if you are experiencing technical issues please send a screen-shot of your issue / error to support@bhcosmetics.com or feel free to contact our customer support team to assist you with placing your order. write us name* order id email* phone number message* submit pr inquiries pr@bhcosmetics.com wholesale inquiries wholesale@bhcosmetics.com affiliate inquiries affiliate@bhcosmetics.com customer service 888.545.4744 7 am - 5 pm pt monday - friday let's keep in touch be the first to hear about new releases, restocks, limited editions & more. submit thanks for subscribing! facebook instagram twitter pinterest youtube © 2019 bh cosmetics. all rights reserved customer care faq order status shipping & delivery returns & exchanges contact us about us our story press careers terms & conditions privacy policy cookies policy gift card affiliate program student discount resources blog customer care faq order status shipping & delivery returns & exchanges contact us about us our story press careers terms & conditions privacy policy cookies policy gift card affiliate program student discount resources blog © 2019 bh cosmetics. all rights reserved you have added an item to your wishlist. view wishlist subscribe yes, i’d like to hear about offers and promotions i accept the new privacy policy and agree to terms and conditions hi beauty! subscribe to stay up to date on exclusive offers and get 20% off on your first order. no thanks. search