来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141228115519/https://www.boxed.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

boxed wholesale - privacy policy all products household all items cleaning & laundry in the kitchen paper products pets health and beauty all items ladies room skin care oral hygiene hair care medicine cabinet vitamins and supplements grocery all items light and healthy snack time cereal coffee & drinks sauces & spreads candy & gum odds and ends all items office & school supplies kids and diapers organic products featured on boxed stuff on sale gift cards free shipping on your first order* feed today, february 24 a new classic new hershey's cookies'n'crème are a unique twist on a classic treat. try this creamy white chocolate confection speckled with the sweet crunch of cookies today. yesterday, february 23 have a break with kit kat the famous light, crispy wafers are now available draped in delicious dark chocolate. new powdered peanut butter pb2 has nearly 85% less fat calories than regular peanut butter but has the same consistency as full fat peanut butter with all of the natural roasted peanut flavor. sunday, february 22 new hershey's spread with snacksters chocolate spread + graham dippers now you can enjoy hershey's on the go. thursday, february 19 start spreading the news finally, you can spread reese's peanut butter cups on your favorite snacks! wednesday, february 18 hershey kisses just in time for (after) valentines day! hershey's kisses party bags are now just $10.49. scharffen berger cacao new 70% cacao bittersweet chocolate bars are a connoisseur's delight monday, february 16 a price drop to woof about greenies are now just $25.99. deal of the week - polar seltzer 100% natural, calorie-free and refreshing. polar seltzer is the ideal beverage for your oscars party! oscar party the winner of best oscar party host goes to...you! have all your finger food, snacks and drinks delivered in time for sunday's academy awards. saturday, february 14 new look seeds of change certified organic. straight from the wind-swept peaks of the andes, seeds of change quinoa & brown rice is delicious and ready in 90 seconds. happy valentine's day! from your friends at boxed. thursday, february 12 beanfields bean & rice chips new to boxed! beanfields is a values-based company and they're all about beans. beanfields award-winning chips are made from a blend of black & navy beans and long-grain rice. they're non-gmo project verified and gluten free. wednesday, february 11 deal of the week godiva’s deliciously rich belgian chocolate is complex and layered and sure to indulge and delight all five of your senses. sunday, february 8 nature made vitamin d now available in a liquid softgel. daily doses of vitamin d help support teeth, bone and immune health. wednesday, february 4 deal of the week - nutella nutella hazelnut spread - jars and on-the-go snack packs - are at a delightful price for a limited time! get more days men's one a day men's health formula is now available in a 300 tablet size. tuesday, february 3 free shipping we love our customers, so we're spreading the love with free shipping on all orders until end of v-day weekend, 2/15!* (min cart size of $29 to checkout still applies). new larger size women's one a day women's formula now available in a larger 300 tablet size. new organic green tea organic green tea by teas' tea is now available. fair trade certified and 100% organic. wednesday, january 28 deal of the week - honest co. boxed ♡ honest co.! stylish and eco-friendly, honest products are now our deal of the week for a limited time only. chow mein teriyaki beef ready in 5 minutes, with nissin's chow mein noodles you can enjoy chinese stir fry faster than takeout. sign in / join ca (change) you must sign in to use express services. email address password forgot password? don't have an account? join boxed email address password (6 chars min) by joining, you agree to our terms of service and privacy policy. have an account? sign in reset your password the email you entered is not on file! success! we just sent you an email with instructions on how to meet your password! email address sent back to sign in sign up help us ship to you faster! please provide your zip code. sorry boxed doesn't deliver to your area just yet. cart privacy policy home privacy policy privacy policy effective august 13, 2014 giddy inc. d/b/a boxed wholesale (“boxed”) and its affiliates (“company,” “giddy,” “boxed,” “we,” “our,” “us”) understand that you care about protecting your personal information that we collect through the use of our website or mobile application (collectively, “sites”). we take your privacy seriously and set forth this privacy policy statement (“policy”) to describe and outline the measures we take in safeguarding your personal information. this policy describes the types of personal information we collect, how we use the information, with whom we share it and the security measures in place to protect this information by visiting the company sites, domain, linked pages, features, content, or using any of our services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined herein. the phrase “personal information” or “personally identifiable information” refers to the information by which you or the device you are using can be identified when using our sites and/or services. what information do we collect? the information we gather from our customers allows us to enhance, personalize and improve our services. the types of information we collect include: information you provide. we receive and store information you enter on our sites, when you call or email or communicate with us through social media (twitter, facebook, et al.), or participate in events or other promotions. this may include information you provide when you register as a member, create an account, engage in a transaction, search our products, or contact our customer service department. in order to complete a purchase, you must supply us with such information as your email address, password, name, shipping address, phone numbers, credit/debit card numbers and expiration dates, billing address, and other billing information; other provided information may include, people to whom purchases will be shipped, including their addresses and phone numbers; purchase history; and names and email addresses of friends, possible invite-a-friend customers. storing this information allows us to provide you with an enhanced user experience and expedited access to your account every time you visit the company sites. further, we may use your email address or phone number to notify you about company or third-party promotions, deals and general information that may be of use to you. we also use email to communicate regarding account creation, order placement and shipping updates. upon notification to the company, you can opt-out of these emails or other notifications at any time. automatically collected information. when your computer, phone or mobile device (all “devices”) engage or interact with the company sites, we automatically receive and store certain types of information. when visiting company sites, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your ip address, browser type, operating system, urls that refer visitors to our sites, dates and times of visits to our sites, page views and site navigation, general geographic location, cookie information (see below), the page you requested, duration of activity on our sites, searches, shopping behavior and preferences, hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifies, mobile network information, and purchases. this information may be used to tailor your shopping experience and customize your interaction with the company, allowing us to surface various products and special offers you might be interested in. unlike “information you provide” described above, this information does not personally identify you and is used at an aggregated level in order to understand how our customers use our sites. boxed app. while using your mobile device and specifically the boxed app, we may collect certain additional information. we may collect information about your location, your device, a unique identifier for your device, your mobile operating system, your site navigation, and other app-specific user data. this data is analyzed periodically to help us create a more user-friendly, improved shopping experience within the app. cookies in order to improve your shopping experience and to save user’s time, like other websites, we use “cookies” to collect certain information by automated means. a cookie is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. we use these cookies to identify and authenticate visitors and to store information in your electronic shopping baskets, so it can be retrieved later. we use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies to provide non-personally identifiable information and we also use third-party tracking service in our sites. these tracking services collect information in aggregate form about our users and the this information is analyzed periodically to gain a greater understanding of the usage patterns within our sites. information we do and do not share we do not share or otherwise disclose your personal information, except as described herein. we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone for any reason. we may share the personal information we collect with our affiliates, business partners, ad network vendors and their participants, and other third parties for the purposes described in this policy, including to communicate with you about products and services, offers, events and promotions that we believe may be of interest to you. from time to time, we employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf (for example: shipping, customer service) and need to share your information with them to provide these products or services to you. however, at all times we restrict who has access to your personal information and take great care to protect your privacy in all regards. we may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. for example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. compliance with legal requirements. we also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order), (ii) in response to a request by law enforcement authorities, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, or a violation of the terms and conditions that govern use of the sites. we also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell, merge or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. how information is protected and checkout secured personal information within user accounts, including purchase history, is protected by a password for your privacy and security. the company employs numerous administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to assist in protecting the personal information we collect against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. we use industry standard firewalls and secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption to protect sensitive billing information during the authorization process. when you enter your credit card information during our checkout and billing process, although we store that information for ease of future use, it is encrypted for your privacy. company further suggests that all users safeguard their own account username and password and not share that information with anyone. it is preferable that users update their password periodically and follow conventions for choosing a secure password. if users are concerned about misuse of their identity within the sites, or are using a shared device, users should make an effort to log out as often as necessary. company will never ask for your password via email and users should report any such inquiry. note. the company meets or exceeds the standards generally accepted by the industry within which it operates in regards to the protection of personal information. however, no electronic transmission of information can be executed with absolute certainty that a failure or breach will not occur. company cannot guarantee that the security measures in place to safeguard personal information will never be defeated or fail, or that those measures will always be sufficient or effective. minors the company does not direct its sites to children under the age of thirteen. you must be eighteen years of age or older to register with the company. we do not knowingly collect information from minors. if we learn that a user is under eighteen years of age, we will promptly delete any personal information that they have provided to us. changes in policy the company may amend this policy from time to time. use of information we collect now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is used. you acknowledge that this policy is part of the terms and conditions and you unconditionally agree that using our sites is an implicit agreement to the terms of this policy and those contained in the terms and conditions. in the event of a change, the revised policies or terms and conditions will be posted immediately. if we make substantial changes to this policy, we will notify our customers through a more prominent notice (including directly, via email, website or in-site messaging). when this privacy policy applies this policy applies to all of the services offered and sites operated by the company and its affiliates, but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this policy. this policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you on other sites linked from our services. this policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads. concerns and inquiries if you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy and protection of personal information, please send a detailed 	message to support@boxed.com and we will respond to you shortly. why shop boxed? faqs customer support return policy suggest a product careers affiliates blog contact us © 2015 boxed wholesale terms and conditions privacy policy keep shopping sub total $0.00 back