来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161207073708/https://www.boxed.com/terms-conditions/
================================================================================

order groceries online & save big at boxed wholesale free shipping on your first order!search boxed...94118sign in(0)all productsbest sellerswhat's newon salefree samplesall productsview all productsgroceryall grocerymeals & prepspreads & sweetenersbreakfastsalty snackschocolate & candycondiments & spicesfruits & nutscookies & barsbeveragesall beveragescoffee & teadairyjuicesmixessports & energywater & sparklingwinebath & bodyall bath & bodydeodorantshand soapsshavingshowerskin carehealthall healthladies'dental & eyereliefsupplementsadult carecleaning suppliesall cleaning suppliessurface cleanerspaper & plasticlaundrydish soapsair freshenershome & officeall home & officestationeryappliances & toolstabletop & storagebabies & kidsall babies & kidscare & cleaningdiapers & wipesnutritionlifestylepetsboxed for businessesfree samplesyour favoritesall expressview all productsproducefrozenmilk, dairy & eggsbakerybeveragesdelimeat & seafoodspecial occasionsboxed for businessesfree samplesyour favoritesboxed for businessesfree samplesyour favoriteszip code94118sign in / sign upterms & conditionsupdated on july 22, 2016: welcome to boxed.com (the “website”) and the boxed smartphone application (the “app”). the app and the website, along with any other apps, websites, or mobile websites introduced, owned or operated by giddy inc. shall be known individually as a “site” and collectively as the “sites”. the sites are owned and operated by giddy inc., its affiliates, agents and licensors (collectively, “we,” “us,” “our,” “boxed” or “giddy”). by using the site, you agree to these terms of use; if you do not agree, do not use the site.giddy provides services to you subject to the notices, terms and conditions set forth herein. you understand that your use of any of the sites constitutes your consent to, and agreement to, abide by the most current version of these terms and conditions (the “terms”). we may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating the terms. the most up to date version of the terms will always be available for your review within the apps or at the bottom of the website.your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. we may also offer other services from time to time that are governed by different and/or additional terms and conditions. when you use any of our other services (including but not limited to user-generated content, contests, promotions), you will also be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such service, and such rules, guidelines, policies, terms and conditions applicable to such service are hereby incorporated into the terms by this reference.privacyyou should carefully read our full privacy policy before using the sites as it is hereby incorporated into the terms by this reference, and governs our treatment of any information, including personally identifiable information you submit to us. please note that certain information, statements, data, and content (such as photographs) which you may submit to us are likely to, reveal your gender, ethnic origin, nationality, age, and/or other personal information about you. you acknowledge that your submission of any information, statements, data, and content to us is voluntary on your part and that we may process such information, within the terms of the privacy policy.use of the sitesyou represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age or visiting or utilizing a site under the supervision of a parent or guardian. if you are under 18 years of age, you may use the sites only with involvement of a parent or guardian. you must be at least 21 years of age to purchase alcohol, or use any site functionality related to alcohol. we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.subject to the terms and conditions of the terms, giddy hereby grants you a single, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable limited personal license to access and use the sites conditioned on your continued compliance with the terms and conditions in the terms. this license allows for accessing and use of the sites only for its intended purpose. this includes shopping for personal items sold within the sites and for browsing. this does not include any commercial use or use on behalf of any third party, except as explicitly permitted by us in advance. any breach of the terms shall result in the immediate revocation of the license granted in this paragraph, without notice to you. all rights not expressly granted to you in the terms are reserved and retained by giddy or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rights holders, or other content providers. no giddy site or service, nor any part of any giddy site or service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of giddy. you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of giddy without express written consent. you may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing giddy’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of giddy. you may not misuse the giddy sites or services. you may use the giddy sites or services only as permitted by law. the licenses granted by giddy terminate if you do not comply with the terms.much of the information, data, and images on the sites are updated on a real time basis and are proprietary or may be licensed to us by others. therefore, except as permitted in the above paragraph, you may not reproduce, distribute, display, sell, lease, transmit, create derivative works from, translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, decompile, hack or otherwise exploit this site or any portion of it unless expressly permitted by us in writing prior to such action. with the exception of web browsers and smartphone operating systems, you agree not to use any software, program, application or any other device to access or log on to giddy’s computer systems, sites or proprietary software, or to automate the process of obtaining, downloading, transferring or transmitting any content, information to or from giddy’s computer systems, sites or proprietary software. you agree not to alter or misuse screenshots obtained from the sites or use product images outside of the sites.you may not make any commercial use of any of the information provided in the sites or make any use of the sites for the benefit of another business unless explicitly permitted by us in advance.we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, suspend accounts, prevent the application of a promotional code, and/or cancel orders at our discretion, including, without limitation, if we believe that customer conduct violates applicable law, is harmful to our interests, is in violation of the terms, or is against the spirit of a particular promotion.minimum order requirements: we reserve the right to determine, set and adjust in our sole discretion, for any order or attempted order, minimum (or maximum) quantity and/or price requirements. all orders on the site (including those in which there is no shipping charge) shall be subject to minimum order requirements, which we may determine, set and adjust in our sole discretion.you shall not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the sites any content, information, or other material that (a) violates or infringes the copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights of any person; (b) is libelous, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic, or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under u.s. or international law; or (c) includes any bugs, viruses, worms, trap doors, backdoors, rootkits, trojan horses or other malicious or harmful code or properties.in connection with your use of our sites, your account, or the services provided thereunder, or in the course of your interactions with us, a user or a third party, you will not:breach the terms or any other agreement that you have entered into with us (including a policy);act in an unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful manner;abuse or exploit the terms of any promotional offer, discount or coupon offering;violate any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation (for example, those governing financial services, consumer protections, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);infringe giddy’s or any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy;act in a manner that is defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing;provide false, inaccurate or misleading personal information;create more than one account for yourself, through, among other methods, using a name that is not yours, using temporary email address(es) or phone number(s), or providing any other falsified personal information;send or receive what we reasonably believe to be potentially fraudulent funds;refuse to cooperate in an investigation or provide confirmation of your identity or any personal information you provide to us;use an anonymizing proxy;control an account that is linked to another account that has engaged in any of these restricted activities;control or possess more than one account without authorization from giddy;conduct your business or use the services in a manner that results in or may result in complaints, disputes, claims, reversals, chargebacks, fees, fines, penalties and other liability to us, a user, a third party or you;use your account or the services in a manner that we, visa, mastercard, american express or discover reasonably believe to be an abuse of the credit card system or a violation of credit card association rules;disclose or distribute another user's personal information to a third party, or use the information for marketing purposes unless you receive the users express consent to do so;send unsolicited email to a user or use the services to collect payments for sending, or assisting in sending, unsolicited email to third parties;take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our sites without our prior written permission;use any device, software or routine to bypass our robot exclusion headers, or interfere or attempt to interfere, with our website or the services;take any action that may cause us to lose any of the services from our internet service providers, payment processors, or other suppliers; oruse the service to test credit card behaviors.cash rewardswe are pleased to offer a cash rewards promotional program. the program is one way in which giddy endeavors to reward and thank loyal customers for frequenting our business and purchasing items through our sites. users must create an account with boxed to be eligible to participate in the cash rewards promotional program. by registering, accessing or using cash rewards (as defined below), you agree to be bound by the terms.the cash rewards program works as follows:when making qualified purchases on the sites, a user is eligible to receive a rewards credit (“cash rewards”) based on the total amount of their purchase excluding tax, shipping charges and express delivery charges;for each such purchase, a user will earn 1% in cash rewards on the total amount of their purchase excluding tax, shipping charges and express delivery charges;the total amount of cash rewards earned on any particular order will be rounded down to the nearest whole penny;a user will not, however, earn cash rewards on account of the portion of any purchase that is paid for with the user’s cash rewards. for example, if a user purchases $100 worth of products and uses cash rewards of $25 to pay for the order, the user will earn 1% cash rewards on account of the remaining $75 paid for with the user’s credit card or other form of payment;cash rewards accumulated by a user may only be used to pay, in whole or in part, for future purchases by the user on the sites in accordance with these terms; andcash rewards have no actual cash value until such time as a user applies cash rewards to pay for a purchase on the sites and cannot be redeemed for cash or any other form of consideration.a user’s accumulated cash rewards will be reported under the user’s “my account” tab. the value of a user’s accumulated cash rewards will be capped at $450 for any 12-month period, with the first such 12-month period beginning upon registration by the user. if a user earns $450 during any 12-month period, cash rewards will stop accruing until the 12- month period expires. a user is only eligible to accrue cash rewards on one account. cash rewards are personal to each user and may not be sold to, transferred to, assigned to, or shared with family, friends or others. there is no minimum balance of cash rewards required to redeem cash rewards on an eligible purchase.cash rewards are not eligible where prohibited by law or regulation. cash rewards may not be earned from purchases of, eligible for, or redeemable on certain categories of goods, as determined at our sole discretion, which may change without notice. a user has no property rights or other legal interests in the cash rewards. we may set, in our sole discretion, any minimum amount of cash rewards that a user must accrue before becoming eligible to apply such rewards to a purchase. if a user’s account is suspended or terminated, all accrued cash rewards will also be suspended and/or terminated. we may revoke any accrued cash rewards at any time, and without notice, in our sole discretion. giddy reserves the right to terminate your account and/or your participation in cash rewards if giddy determines in its sole discretion that you have violated the terms, you have more than one (1) account, or that the use of your account is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful.this program is not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 13. if you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may only use cash rewards under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by the terms.free samplesall boxed users will have access to free product samples, as offered from time-to- time by boxed in its sole discretion. product samples are subject to availability and may be replaced by boxed with alternatives. in order to receive free product samples in any order, such samples must be added to a user’s cart on boxed.com or the boxed app prior to checkout. if samples are not added to a user’s cart before checkout, the samples will not be included in the order. product samples cannot be added to previously placed orders. the product samples are currently only accessible through web and ios devices.promotional emailsas a user, you agree to receive newsletters and promotional emails including third party offers.third party sites & ads. the site might contain links to third party websites, services, and advertisements for third parties (collectively, “third party sites & ads”). such third party sites & ads are not under the control of company and company is not responsible for any third party sites & ads. company provides these third party sites & ads only as a convenience and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to third party sites & ads. you use all third party sites & ads at your own risk. when you link to a third party site & ad, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including the third party’s privacy and data gathering practices. you should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such third party sites & ads.promotional codesnotwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, boxed may, in boxed's sole discretion, create promotional codes that may be redeemed for credit or other features or benefits related to a third party provider's services, subject to terms that boxed establishes on a per promotional code basis ("promo codes"). you agree that promo codes: (i) must be used for the intended audience and purpose, and in a lawful manner; (ii) may not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any manner, or made available to the general public, unless expressly permitted by boxed; (iii) may be disabled by boxed at any time for any reason without liability to boxed; (iv) may only be used pursuant to the specific terms that boxed establishes for such promo code; (v) are not valid for cash; and (vi) may expire prior to your use. boxed reserves the right to withhold or deduct credits or other features or benefits obtained through the use of promo codes by you or any other user in the event that boxed determines or believes that the use or redemption of the promo code was in error, fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of the applicable promo code terms or these terms.promotional codes from subway advertising, billboards, on the street advertising and any other outdoor advertising is valid on first orders only. offer ends on december 31st, 2016 at 11:59pm est. maximum discount is $50. this discount cannot be combined with other promotional codes or applied to past purchases. discount is non-transferable, may be used once per household and can be redeemed through the boxed app or via www.boxed.com. promotional code must be entered at checkout. the discount may be suspended or terminated at any time by boxed at boxed's sole discretion.order requests for alcoholic beveragesby placing your order request for alcoholic beverages (“alcoholic beverages”), you represent, warrant, and certify that you and the recipient of any alcoholic beverages are at least 21 years of age.with respect to any order requests for alcoholic beverages placed through the boxed services or on the boxed sites, boxed serves only as a third-party marketer and boxed is not, nor does it represent or warrant that it is, a licensed producer, distributor, or retailer of alcoholic beverages. all order requests for alcoholic beverages are made to, accepted by, processed, and fulfilled by a third-party licensed vendor or supplier (“licensed vendor”) of such alcoholic beverages. the alcoholic beverage portion of any order request is subject to review by such licensed vendor(s) and may be rejected upon further review. the name of the specific licensed vendor for each alcoholic beverage will be provided within the product description on the boxed sites for that alcoholic beverage. each applicable licensed vendor will be responsible for fulfilling its order requests, including, without limitation, receipt of the purchase price, shipping, returns, refunds, and the payment of any applicable marketing fees.shipments of alcoholic beverages are delivered by ups®, fedex®, or other private courier separately from other boxed products sold on the boxed sites. shipments of alcoholic beverages may be delivered on a different day or time from packages containing other boxed products. shipments of alcoholic beverages may also be delayed by the licensed vendor, in its sole discretion, due to weather conditions, such as excessive heat.the signature of an adult at least 21 years of age is required at the time of delivery of any package containing an alcoholic beverage. if an adult at least 21 years of age with a validly issued government identification is not present at the delivery address during business hours, the delivery carrier will not deliver any alcoholic beverages. products can be shipped to a place of business or residence. we cannot ship to p.o. box or apo boxes.offer is only valid while supply lasts. boxed and/or the licensed vendor(s) may restrict the application of any promotions or promo codes to any order requests for alcoholic beverages placed through the boxed services or on the boxed sites. if an alcoholic beverage becomes unavailable from the applicable licensed vendor, the licensed vendor reserves the right to, in its sole discretion, to replace the product with an equivalent or similar product or refund you for the item.please note that, by placing an order request with a delivery address in texas, new hampshire, or florida, you represent and warrant that any such delivery address is in an area that allows delivery of alcoholic beverages to a resident. certain states, counties, cities, and towns expressly prohibit the direct shipment of alcoholic beverages to consumers and violation of such laws, rules, and/or regulations can be punishable as a misdemeanor or felony. additionally, some states, counties, cities, and towns limit the quantity and type of alcoholic beverages permitted to be shipped to an individual address or individual consumer, and licensed vendors may cancel any order requests that exceed such limitations. if you have any questions about such local laws, rules, and/or regulations, please contact your local agency for further information.if any communication from this web site is not in conformity with any jurisdiction rules and regulations governing solicitation, advertising, shipping and/or transacting business for the sale of alcoholic beverages in such jurisdiction, then such communication and any offers made herein in connection therewith, shall be void to the extent prohibited by law.as a third-party marketer of alcoholic beverages, boxed specifically disclaims all implied warranties of merchantability, title, noninfringement and fitness for a particular purpose pertaining to the alcoholic beverages.information and product descriptionssubmissions or opinions expressed in any site are that of the individual expressing such submission or opinion and may not reflect our opinions. unless we expressly state otherwise, we do not endorse any submission or opinion expressed by a third party in any of our sites. unless we expressly state otherwise, the fact that giddy has provided a link to a site is not an endorsement of the service or site, its content or its sponsoring organizations. we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product and content of all these and any other third parties. you should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.any product representations or warranties expressed in the sites are that of the vendor, manufacturer, distributor or supplier and are not made by us. such representations and warranties include, but are not limited to vendor promises visible on the packaging of the product and hence in the product image within the sites.the sites may make available certain data, news, research, statistics, stories, product descriptions, labels, ingredient lists, product photographs, other photographs and opinions or other information (collectively “information”) that we may have prepared ourselves or that has been independently obtained by other services and individuals, including news wires, statistics providers, journalists, authors and other providers (collectively the “information providers”). we do not represent, warrant, guarantee or certify the accuracy (or that such information is error-free), completeness, reliability, currentness, timeliness or correct sequencing of the information made available therein. you agree that neither giddy, nor the information providers shall be liable in any way for the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correct sequencing of the information, or for any decision made or action taken by you relying upon the information. you further agree that neither giddy, nor the information providers will be liable in any way for the interruption of any data, information or other aspect of the sites. you understand that none of the information available through the sites constitutes a recommendation or solicitation to take or not take any particular action.disclaimer: while we work to ensure that product information is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists. actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our sites. we recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product. for additional information about a product, please contact the manufacturer. content on this site is for reference purposes and is not intended to substitute for advice given by a physician, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional. you should not use this information as self-diagnosis or for treating a health problem or disease. contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem. information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition. we assume no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products made on this website.weights, measurements, and descriptions. it may not be possible to obtain certain items that are of the exact weight or size specified. thus, we reserve the right to provide you with an product within a reasonable percentage of the requested weight or size. product images used on our site are intended to represent brands or types of products and may not represent the exact size, flavor, type, quantity, or other specific details about the product you are purchasing. all product descriptions used on our sites are believed to be accurate, however we cannot be held liable for unintentional inaccuracies or product sizes that are unexpectedly changed by the manufacturer. if a product you have selected is not in stock we reserve the right to, at our discretion, replace the product with an equivalent or similar product or refund you for the item. similar items may be the same brand but a different type, size or flavor, or may be the same type of product but a different brand, size or flavor. price adjustments for alternate products will not be requested by us nor extended to you in the event of a product substitution.if a product offered by giddy is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it to us promptly in unused condition. if you find a description in poor taste, please notify support@boxed.com and it will be edited in our sole discretion.if you create an account we will either assign you a password (or let you choose your own password) and account identification to enable you to access and use certain portions of the sites. each time you use a password or identification, you will be deemed to be authorized to access and use the sites in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of the terms, and we have no obligation to investigate the authorization or source of any such access or use of the sites. you will be solely responsible for all access to and use of the sites by anyone using the password and identification originally assigned to you whether or not such access to and use of the sites is actually authorized by you, including without limitation, all communications and transmissions and all obligations (including without limitation, financial obligations) incurred through such access or use. in order to mitigate damages, if you believe someone placed an unauthorized order on your behalf, you agree to notify giddy or support@boxed.com as early as practicably possible. you are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you. you shall immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this site’s security. for the sake of clarity, you assume the entire risk for the fraudulent, unauthorized or otherwise improper use of your password. we shall be entitled to rely on the genuineness and authority of all instructions received by us when accompanied by such password, and to act on such instructions.communications (reviews & comments)the sites may permit you to post reviews, pictures, comments and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, abusive of the character margins, an obscene image derived from keyboard characters, infringing of intellectual property rights or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of “spam.” anything that you submit or post in the sites and/or provide us, including without limitation, ideas, know-how, techniques, questions, reviews, images, videos, comments, and suggestions (collectively, “submissions”) is and will be treated as non-confidential and nonproprietary, and we shall have the royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and transferable right to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, perform, sell, lease, transmit, adapt, create derivative works from such submissions by any means and in any form, and to translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or decompile such submissions. all submissions shall automatically become our sole and exclusive property and shall not be returned to you.you may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity or otherwise mislead as to the origin of your content. giddy reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly monitor posted content. giddy takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.without limiting any of the foregoing, giddy is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to giddy for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing and marketing products using such information.intellectual propertyall text, data, graphics, button icons, images, audio clips, and software (collectively, “content”) on the sites, belong exclusively to giddy. the collection, arrangement, and assembly of all content in the sites (the “compilation”) belongs exclusively to giddy. the sites, their content and compilation, and all software used therein is owned by giddy and is protected by united states copyright act of 1976, as amended, and the copyright laws of other countries. all software used in any of the sites (the “software”) is the property of giddy or its software suppliers. the content, the compilation and the software are all protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. boxed, boxed.com and boxed wholesale and other logos, slogans, trade names or words that have been filed for are trademarks, pending registration. the use of any of our trademarks or service marks without our express written consent is strictly prohibited. you may not use our trademarks or service marks in connection with any product or service in any way that is likely to cause confusion. you may not use our trademarks or service marks in any manner that disparages or discredits us. you may not use any of our trademarks or service marks in meta tags without prior explicit consent.disclaimers of warrantiesto the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the sites and all services, information, products (including software) and other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the sites or services are provided by giddy on an “as is” and “as available” basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. giddy makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the sites or the information, content or materials included on these sites.to the fullest extent permissible by the applicable law, giddy disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. the sites may include inaccuracies, mistakes or typographical errors. we do not warrant that the content will be uninterrupted or error free. giddy does not warrant that the sites, its servers or email sent from these sites are free of viruses or other harmful components.limitation of liabilityto the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, in no event will giddy be liable to you on any legal theory for any incidental, direct, indirect, punitive, actual, consequential, special, or exemplary damages, including without limitation, loss of revenue or income, lost profits, cost of substitute goods or services, or similar damages suffered or incurred by you or any third party that arise in connection with the use of the sites (or the termination thereof for any reason), even if giddy has been advised of the possibility of such damages. you agree that our total liability to you for damages of any kind regarding the use of this website (regardless of the foundation for the action) shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount of fees actually paid by you to us during the month immediately preceding the act allegedly giving rise to our liability.to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, giddy is not responsible or liable whatsoever in any manner for any content posted on or available through the services (including claims of infringement relating to that content) for your use of the services, or for the conduct of third parties on or through the services.you expressly agree that your use of the sites is at your sole risk. please do not use the sites while driving or operating heavy machinery.giddy is not responsible for any actions you may or may not take as a result of using the services. you are solely responsible for your use of the sites and any consequence that may arise as a result of your use of the sites.if you are a california resident, you hereby waive california civil code section 1542 in connection with the foregoing, which states: “a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.”indemnificationyou agree to indemnify and hold giddy and its affiliates, officers, directors, members, shareholders, agents, suppliers, distributors, employees, contractors and licensors harmless from any claim, demand, damages, penalties, fines, costs, amounts paid in settlement, liabilities, obligations, taxes, liens, losses, expenses, fees and court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses incurred in connection with any litigation made by any third party arising from: (i) your use of and access of the sites; (ii) your violation of any term of these terms & conditions; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your use of the sites caused damage to a third party.risk of lossall items purchased from giddy are made pursuant to a shipment contract. this means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.returns, refunds and titlewe do not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our fulfillment center. at our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return. in this situation, we do not take title to the refunded item.modifications to the sites and cash rewards programgiddy reserves the right to terminate, modify, cancel or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the sites with or without notice. giddy reserves the right to terminate, discontinue, modify or cancel cash rewards and/or the terms or any policy, faq, or guideline pertaining to cash rewards at any time and in its sole discretion without notice to you. any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to boxed.com, or in the app, and you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications. your participation in cash rewards confirms your acceptance of the terms and any such changes or modifications; accordingly, you should review the terms and applicable policies frequently to understand the terms and conditions that apply to cash rewards. if you do not agree to the terms, you must stop participating in cash rewards. you agree that giddy will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance.termination and effect of terminationin addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, we may, without prior notice to you, immediately terminate the terms or revoke any or all of your rights granted under the terms. upon any termination of the terms, you shall immediately cease all access to and use of the sites and we shall, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, immediately revoke all password(s) and account identification issued to you and deny your access to and use of the sites in whole or in part. any termination of the terms shall not affect the respective rights and obligations (including without limitation, payment obligations) of the parties arising before the date of termination.severabilitythe provisions of the terms are intended to be interpreted in a manner which makes them valid, legal, and enforceable. in the event any provision of the terms is found to be partially or wholly invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be modified or restricted to the extent and in the manner necessary to render it valid, legal, and enforceable. it is expressly understood and agreed between the parties that such modification or restriction may be accomplished unilaterally by us, or alternatively, by disposition of an arbitrator or a court of law. if such provision cannot under any circumstances be so modified or restricted, it shall be excised from the terms without affecting the validity, legality or enforceability of any of the remaining provisions.agreement to arbitrate controversiesplease read this section carefully – it may significantly affect your legal rights, including your right to file a lawsuit in court and to have a jury hear your claims.you and giddy agree to arbitrate all disputes relating in any way to your use of the sites, cash rewards, or to products you purchase through the sites, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate giddy’s intellectual property rights, giddy may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of delaware, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court and seeks to resolve disputes more quickly. instead of a judge or a jury, the case will be decided by a neutral arbitrator who has the power to award the same damages and relief that a court can. if any provision of this arbitration agreement is found unenforceable, the unenforceable provision shall be severed, and the remaining arbitration terms shall be enforced. arbitration under this agreement shall take place in delaware and be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the american arbitration association. the arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under the terms shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to the terms, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. in the event of a reward dispute or mistake between us and a user, we may in our sole discretion unilaterally make adjustments to user cash rewards (as explained herein).governing law and jurisdictionthe terms shall be subject to and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of delaware, excluding its conflict of law principles, and in the event that the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply, any disputes relating to these terms shall be resolved exclusively by an appropriate federal or state court sitting in the state of delaware.typographical errorsin the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall within a reasonably practicable amount of time issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.boxed boldwelcome to the terms and conditions (“terms”) for the boxed bold™ program for american express card members. the boxed bold program offers exclusive benefits to members of the program. the boxed bold program is available to all qualifying individuals who are at least 18 years of age at the time of registration. these terms are between you and giddy inc., its affiliates, agents and licensors (collectively, “we,” “us,” “our,” “boxed” or “giddy”). please note that your use of the boxed.com website, the boxed app and the boxed bold program are also governed by the terms, privacy policy and all other applicable terms, conditions, limitations, and requirements on the boxed.com website, all of which (as changed over time) are incorporated into these terms. if you sign up for the boxed bold program, you accept these terms, conditions, limitations and requirements.fees and renewalthe boxed bold fee is for one 12-month period (the “boxed bold term”) starting on the date of enrollment of the primary cardholder. participation in the boxed bold program will not automatically renew upon expiration of this 12-month boxed bold term and, to continue participation in boxed bold, you must re-register for the boxed bold program. boxed reserves the right to accept or refuse boxed bold participation in its sole discretion. american express card members will not be charged a fee upon participation in the program.benefits of boxed bold programboxed bold provides participants with the following added benefits:higher cash rewards: subject to the terms of the cash rewards program listed above, when making qualified purchases on the sites, a boxed bold participant will earn 3% in cash rewards on the first $15,000 of purchases during a boxed bold term (or accumulated cash rewards of $450) and, then, will earn 1% in cash rewards on all subsequent purchases during such boxed bold term, thereafter. upon renewing participation in the boxed bold program for another 12-month boxed bold term, the member will once again begin be eligible to earn 3% in cash rewards on the first $15,000 of purchases during the renewed boxed bold term and 1% on purchases thereafter; andfree shipping: subject only to the minimum order requirements that are applicable to all user orders and are described in the terms, a boxed bold participant will receive free shipping on eligible orders. express orders are not eligible for free shipping. from time to time, certain new products may be designated as not eligible for free shipping.please see the cash rewards section of the terms and conditions for a description of how cash rewards are calculated and the limitations that apply. from time to time, boxed may choose in its sole discretion to add or remove boxed bold benefits.termination by usboxed may terminate your participation in the boxed bold program at our discretion without notice. if we do so, we will give you a prorated refund based on the number of full months remaining in your membership. we will not, however, give any refund for termination related to conduct that we determine, in our sole discretion, violates these terms or any applicable law, involves fraud or misuse of the boxed bold, or is harmful to our interests or another user. our failure to enforce your strict compliance with these terms will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.agreement changesboxed reserves the right to amend, cancel or temporarily suspend the boxed bold program, in whole or in part, or change any of the terms, boxed.com’s terms and conditions and privacy policy, or any aspect of the boxed bold program, at any time for any or no reason, as determined in boxed’s sole discretion without notice to the member. if any change to these terms is found invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change is severable and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining changes or conditions. your continued participation after we change these terms constitutes your acceptance of the changes. if you do not agree to any changes, you must cancel your participation in boxed bold. * - “boxed bold” is a trademark of giddy inc.low price guaranteesubject to the details listed below (the “details”), all transactions on the boxed sites are backed by our low price guarantee. subject to the conditions and exclusions listed below, the “low price guarantee” states that any purchase through the sites will be at the lowest price available at any u.s. retailer’s online site that is available to the general public without a membership or we will refund the difference between the price paid on boxed sites and the lower price available at any u.s. retailer’s online site that is available to the general public without a membership.the details:all refund requests must be made within seven (7) days of purchase to qualify for a refund. refund requests received more than seven (7) days after date of purchase are not eligible.customers are limited to two (2) low price guarantee refund requests in any seven (7) day period.to qualify, 1) the product must be a matching brand and size (or model number and color, if applicable); 2) the product must be immediately available at a qualifying online retailer; and 3) the price should not be shown on the below exclusions list.proof required. acceptable proof of lower price must be sent to support@boxed.com and must include the following information: 1) a copy of competitor’s current ad or a valid link/url to the product on competitor’s website, and 2) boxed order confirmation number.in the event that the refund exceeds the total amount paid by a customer for customer’s order, such refunds will be provided by issuing store credit only.exclusions: the following are excluded from the low price guarantee:prices listed at retailers that require a membership to purchase including but not limited to retailers such as costco, sam’s club or bjs;prices and products that are not available online e.g. offline retailers and brick and mortar stores;any product that is not identical in size and brand or not currently in-stock at competitor’s site;sale prices, limited-time discounts, promotional pricing, coupons, special orders, bid pricing, volume discount, clearance items, pre-owned items, credit card offers, gift card offers, open-box merchandise, sales tax, rebate and free offers, and typographical errors. also excludes going-out-of-business sales, discontinued, clearance, or obsolete products; andproducts available solely through the boxed express service.refund requests may be denied in the sole discretion of our customer service team.copyright complaintswe respect the intellectual property of others. if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact support@boxed.com.our addressplease send any questions or comments (including all inquiries unrelated to copyright infringement) regarding the sites to support@boxed.com or :boxed.com, 185 national rd. edison, nj 08817 attention: legalinvite friends! give $15 - get $15companyhow boxed worksabout usboxed for businessjoin the teambe a boxed shopperresourcescontact uspress roomfaqsuggest productsquick linksterms & conditionsprivacy policyaffiliatesreturn policysocialdownload our apps© 2016 boxed wholesaleyour cart is emptystart shopping