来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161207073708/https://www.boxed.com/faqs/
================================================================================

order groceries online & save big at boxed wholesale free shipping on your first order!search boxed...94118sign in(0)all productsbest sellerswhat's newon salefree samplesall productsview all productsgroceryall grocerymeals & prepspreads & sweetenersbreakfastsalty snackschocolate & candycondiments & spicesfruits & nutscookies & barsbeveragesall beveragescoffee & teadairyjuicesmixessports & energywater & sparklingwinebath & bodyall bath & bodydeodorantshand soapsshavingshowerskin carehealthall healthladies'dental & eyereliefsupplementsadult carecleaning suppliesall cleaning suppliessurface cleanerspaper & plasticlaundrydish soapsair freshenershome & officeall home & officestationeryappliances & toolstabletop & storagebabies & kidsall babies & kidscare & cleaningdiapers & wipesnutritionlifestylepetsboxed for businessesfree samplesyour favoritesall expressview all productsproducefrozenmilk, dairy & eggsbakerybeveragesdelimeat & seafoodspecial occasionsboxed for businessesfree samplesyour favoritesboxed for businessesfree samplesyour favoriteszip code94118sign in / sign upyour questionsansweredfrequently asked questionswhat is your question regarding?general questionsdo i pay membership fees with boxed wholesale?nope! there are absolutely no membership fees at all!do you ship to my area?we ship everywhere in the contiguous united states. unfortunately, we cannot currently ship to po boxes, apo, fpo or dpo addresses (our boxes are too big to qualify).how do i get free shipping on my first order?when you register for a boxed account, your first order ships for free (just meet the order minimum!).how much does shipping cost on my next orders?95% of orders qualify for free shipping by meeting the minimum order amount in your state. you will see the minimum order amount in your cart summary page. otherwise, shipping is a low $5.99 to $9.99.when does my order ship?all orders ship within 1 business day! we will send you an email when your order is processed and then again when it ships. the shipping email includes your tracking number and an estimated arrival date. let the order tracking begin!are transactions on your site secure?security is super important to us. we focus on providing a secure environment that goes above and beyond industry security standard and guidelines. we use a payment solution that is a validated level 1 pci dss compliant service provider and we hold a pci dss merchant compliance certificate.do you accept ebt?unfortunately, we cannot accept ebt at this time.are these returns, buy backs or discounted merchandise?no, all products are first runs with standard expiry duration.do you deliver to offices?absolutely! office managers love boxed for our low prices, selection and convenience. keep your team happy with everything from snacks and coffee to office supplies and cleaning products. if you would like to explore unique payment options and site features available to business customers please email business@boxed.com for more information.my accountcan i edit my account information?you can edit your own payment method and shipping addresses under my account. to edit your email address, reach out to our customer service team who will happily help.how do i add or edit a payment method?to add a payment method, go to my account > payments > add new credit card. for your own security, we do not allow you to edit an existing credit card. any changes must be submitted as a new card.how do i add or edit an address?to add an address, go to my account > addresses > add new address. to edit your address, go to my account > addresses > edit.d'oh! i forgot my password - what do i do?hey, it happens to the best of us! select 'forgot password' at the sign in page and enter your email address.how do i reset my password?go to my account > change password.how do i see my account credit balance?go to my account > invite friends. your available credit balance will be displayed here.how do i use my account credits?any available credit will apply automatically to your next order.do my account credits expire?no, they are good forever!i love boxed wholesale so much and i want to share it with all my friends - but how?aww, we love you back! visit invite friends under your account page and you’ll find your referral code. your friends will receive $10 off their first order using your referral code, and you will get $15 credit in your account. copy your code and email it to friends, or share it on social!why is my invite code not working?invite codes have a maximum of 5 uses. once an invite code has reached its limit, it is no longer valid. invite codes also have an order minimum of $60.my orderwhy are some items missing from my cart?placing items in your cart doesn't reserve them. if an item is missing, it’s because it sold out or is no longer available. check out fast before they sell out!why did the quantity of an item change in my cart?due to high demand, we have quantity limits on certain products. if you are placing a large order for your business, please email business@boxed.com.where do i enter my promo code?when you are ready to check out, just enter your promo code in the 'promo/invite code' and click apply. make sure you are signed into your boxed account, as only registered users can add a promo code to their order.why isn't my promo code applying?are you registered and signed into your boxed account? does your order meet the minimum requirements in the promo terms? if you have checked and are still having trouble, please reach out to our customer support team - they will take care of you!i just placed my order but i forgot to apply my promo code, what now?email our customer support team, they will fix it for you! (they are that good!)can i edit my shipping address?the window of time to edit your order is very short, but if you need to make changes, reach out to customer support - they will try and resolve it for you quickly!can i cancel my order?the window of time to make any changes to your order is very short, but if you need to, reach out to customer support - we will try and help you out.what if i've received damaged items?let us know! we will ship you a replacement or issue a credit.what if i've received an incorrect item?let us know! we will send out the correct item and work out the return details for you.how can i track my order?the shipping email includes your tracking number and an estimated arrival date.how do i return an item?due to the size and weight of our items, you will need to reach out to our customer support team to set up a return.can i return an item if i’m not happy with it?sure thing! if you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, you can either return the item for a full refund or exchange it for boxed credit. you have up to 30 days from the purchase date. read our return policy here.shippingi have questions about my shipment.we ship with ups. due to the size of most of our items, large orders may arrive in multiple boxes. ups delivers monday through friday. some deliveries may require signature; this decision is at the discretion of the ups driver.do you ship to my area?we ship everywhere in the contiguous united states. unfortunately, we cannot currently ship to po boxes, apo, fpo or dpo addresses (our boxes are too big to qualify).how do i get free shipping on my first order?when you register for a boxed account, your first order ships for free (just meet the order minimum!).how much does shipping cost on my next orders?95% of orders qualify for free shipping by meeting the minimum order amount in your state. you will see the minimum order amount in your cart summary page. otherwise, shipping is a low $5.99 to $9.99.when does my order ship?all orders ship within 1 business day! we will send you an email when your order is processed and then again when it ships. the shipping email includes your tracking number and an estimated arrival date. let the order tracking begin!gift cardscan i apply multiple gift cards to one order?yes, you can! just enter your gift card codes at checkout. any remaining balance is converted to credit - easy!what if i don't want to use my entire gift card on one purchase?don't worry, the remaining balance will be available as a credit in your account.i bought a gift card but made a mistake in typing the recipient's email, what do i do?get in touch here with our customer support team - they’ll take care of it for you!the gift recipient didn't receive the email, what do i do?are they a gmail user? ask them to check for it under the 'promotions' tab, or their spam folder. still can’t find it? let us know, we will resend it!cash rewardshow do i earn cash rewards?who doesn't love being rewarded? receive 1% cash rewards on the total price of your order for every purchase. the more you spend, the more you earn!when can i redeem my cash rewards?you can redeem your cash rewards at any time as long as you have $2.00 in cash rewards!how do i redeem my cash rewards?to redeem your cash rewards, head to the checkout page where you'll see the cash rewards section. if you have earned cash, click 'apply' and that amount will be deducted off your order total. easy!can i save my cash rewards?yes, you can accumulate your cash rewards and redeem them on a future order.where can i view my cash rewards?head to my account > cash rewards history. you can also see your cash rewards on the checkout page.boxed expresswhat is the difference between express (in your bag) and standard (in your box) orders?express delivers fresh groceries on-demand, shopped at costco stores by our friendly boxed shoppers, while standard orders are packed and shipped from our warehouses. express orders arrive in handy, reusable bags, with standard orders arriving in boxes. here’s how it works: 1. express items are shopped at local stores (costco), while standard items are shipped from our warehouses. 2. a boxed shopper personally delivers your express order, while standard orders are handled by ups. 3. you can choose when to receive your express delivery while standard orders are usually delivered within 2 business days. 4. express is only available in select areas, while standard orders can be shipped everywhere in the contiguous united states.how do i know if my area is eligible for express?just enter your zipcode on our website or app - you’ll be able to see our express product selection if your zipcode is eligible. if not, we’re working on expanding our delivery zones and will let you know as soon as your area becomes eligible!what if the delivery time i want is not available?there are times when we are busier than usual and delivery times get booked up very quickly. we recommend scheduling your delivery ahead of time as we accept orders up to 5 days in advance. in the meantime, we’re constantly bringing new shoppers to the team to increase our capacity for orders.what if i’m not home to receive my delivery?no problem, we’re happy to help! you can ask us to leave the order with your doorman, a neighbor or on your porch or back door. simply let us know your request on the delivery instructions field at checkout. please note that we are not responsible for your order if you requested us to leave it outside your home. if no one can receive the order for you or if there’s no safe location to leave your order, please reach out to our customer service team to reschedule your delivery.what happens when an item is out of stock?stores can sometimes run out of items without notice. you will never get charged for out of stock items. here’s how it works: when you place your order, a temporary authorization charge appears on your bank statement based on what your ordered. however, when the charge settles after your delivery, it will only reflect the total for items that were actually fulfilled. you can see which items were out of stock on your delivery confirmation email, and on the order details under your order history.can i reschedule my delivery?if you’d like to reschedule your delivery, just let us know by reaching out to customer service as soon as possible. tell us your desired time and day and we will do our best to reschedule the delivery for you.do you accept replacements?unfortunately, we’re not able to process replacements at the moment.can i return express items?unfortunately, we’re not able to accept returns for express items.how does the return-a-bag program works?your groceries come in a reusable boxed bag for you to keep. if you don’t want it, or already have enough at home or at your office, return them to us and we’ll reuse them - plus give you $1 credit for each bag returned. simply give the bags back to your shopper on your next delivery.boxed for businesseswhat are the advantages of signing up with a business account?when you sign up with a business account, you will have access to an additional selection of business related products and you will be able to use our business features such as quick add to cart and downloadable receipts. your orders will have priority processing status and you will have the option to place bulk orders by the pallet. if you are a tax exempt organization, you can submit your form for sales-tax free purchases. you will also receive a dedicated account manager who is there to assist you with all of your business ordering needs.what is a business account?a business account is designed to make your life easier. you'll have a dedicated account manager, who is there for all your business ordering needs, including cost reporting and finding better business solutions just for you.how do i qualify for a business account?just sign up here!how can i receive a certificate of insurance?please email us your requirements at business@boxed.com. it usually takes 3 to 5 business days to return a completed certificate of insurance form.when does a business order ship?all business orders ship within 1 business day. we'll send you an email when your order is being processed and again when it ships. the shipping email includes your tracking number and an estimated arrival date. for larger orders that require custom shipping solutions, your account manager will follow up with an email that includes tracking information.where can business accounts receive orders?boxed delivers to the 48 contiguous states. unfortunately, we cannot currently ship to po boxes, apo, fpo, or dpo addresses (our boxes are too big to qualify).what if no one is available to receive the order?that's no problem. when you order with boxed, we'll ship your order right to your office and leave your order in the mail room. however, if you order with boxed express and think that no one will be available to receive the order, please call customer service to reschedule your delivery.who is responsible for assembling my order?we have a team of dedicated shoppers and boxers who carefully put together your order.is there a fee for business accounts?there are no fees for using boxed.do you provide discounts for bulk orders?in certain circumstances! the team evaluates discount eligibility based on a variety of factors including product, quantity, shipping destination, as well as other handling requirements. if you are interested in placing a large order, please contact business@boxed.com with "large order inquiry - product name(s)" in the subject line.my organization is tax exempt, what should i do?all you need to do is email business@boxed.com with a copy of your tax exemption certificate, and include the email you will use for tax exempt purchases, shipping address, and full name. it is suggested that you create an account under the email you will submit the certificate with.boxed boldwhat is boxed bold?boxed bold is our new loyalty program that gives participants 3% boxed cash rewards on up to $15,000 in purchases and free shipping on eligible orders.how do i qualify for boxed bold?as a valued american express® card member, you receive advanced/early access to boxed bold before it becomes publicly available. enjoy boxed bold through 8/10/17.how do i enroll?create a new boxed account or sign in to your existing account. checkout using your american express card, and your account will be enrolled in boxed bold through 8/10/17.how do i earn 3% cash rewards?as a boxed bold member, you automatically receive 3% boxed cash rewards on up to $15,000 in purchases, then 1% thereafter.how can i redeem my cash rewards?to redeem your boxed cash rewards, head to the checkout page where you’ll see the boxed cash rewards section. if you have earned more than $2 in boxed cash rewards, will be able to click ‘apply’ and that amount will be deducted off your order total.don't see what you're looking for?contact us directly invite friends! give $15 - get $15companyhow boxed worksabout usboxed for businessjoin the teambe a boxed shopperresourcescontact uspress roomfaqsuggest productsquick linksterms & conditionsprivacy policyaffiliatesreturn policysocialdownload our apps© 2016 boxed wholesaleyour cart is emptystart shopping