来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161207073708/https://www.boxed.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

order groceries online & save big at boxed wholesale free shipping on your first order!search boxed...94118sign in(0)all productsbest sellerswhat's newon salefree samplesall productsview all productsgroceryall grocerymeals & prepspreads & sweetenersbreakfastsalty snackschocolate & candycondiments & spicesfruits & nutscookies & barsbeveragesall beveragescoffee & teadairyjuicesmixessports & energywater & sparklingwinebath & bodyall bath & bodydeodorantshand soapsshavingshowerskin carehealthall healthladies'dental & eyereliefsupplementsadult carecleaning suppliesall cleaning suppliessurface cleanerspaper & plasticlaundrydish soapsair freshenershome & officeall home & officestationeryappliances & toolstabletop & storagebabies & kidsall babies & kidscare & cleaningdiapers & wipesnutritionlifestylepetsboxed for businessesfree samplesyour favoritesall expressview all productsproducefrozenmilk, dairy & eggsbakerybeveragesdelimeat & seafoodspecial occasionsboxed for businessesfree samplesyour favoritesboxed for businessesfree samplesyour favoriteszip code94118sign in / sign upprivacy policyeffective august 13, 2014: giddy inc. d/b/a boxed wholesale (“boxed”) and its affiliates (“company,” “giddy,” “boxed,” “we,” “our,” “us”) understand that you care about protecting your personal information that we collect through the use of our website or mobile application (collectively, “sites”). we take your privacy seriously and set forth this privacy policy statement (“policy”) to describe and outline the measures we take in safeguarding your personal information. this policy describes the types of personal information we collect, how we use the information, with whom we share it and the security measures in place to protect this informationby visiting the company sites, www.boxed.com domain, linked pages, features, content, or using any of our services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined herein.the phrase “personal information” or “personally identifiable information” refers to the information by which you or the device you are using can be identified when using our sites and/or services.what information do we collect?the information we gather from our customers allows us to enhance, personalize and improve our services. the types of information we collect include:information you provide: we receive and store information you enter on our sites, when you call or email or communicate with us through social media (twitter, facebook, et al.), or participate in events or other promotions. this may include information you provide when you register as a member, create an account, engage in a transaction, search our products, or contact our customer service department. in order to complete a purchase, you must supply us with such information as your email address, password, name, shipping address, phone numbers, credit/debit card numbers and expiration dates, billing address, and other billing information; other provided information may include, people to whom purchases will be shipped, including their addresses and phone numbers; purchase history; and names and email addresses of friends, possible invite-a-friend customers.storing this information allows us to provide you with an enhanced user experience and expedited access to your account every time you visit the company sites.further, we may use your email address or phone number to notify you about company or third-party promotions, deals and general information that may be of use to you. we also use email to communicate regarding account creation, order placement and shipping updates. upon notification to the company, you can opt-out of these emails or other notifications at any time.automatically collected information. when your computer, phone or mobile device (all “devices”) engage or interact with the company sites, we automatically receive and store certain types of information. when visiting company sites, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your ip address, browser type, operating system, urls that refer visitors to our sites, dates and times of visits to our sites, page views and site navigation, general geographic location, cookie information (see below), the page you requested, duration of activity on our sites, searches, shopping behavior and preferences, hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifies, mobile network information, and purchases.this information may be used to tailor your shopping experience and customize your interaction with the company, allowing us to surface various products and special offers you might be interested in. unlike “information you provide” described above, this information does not personally identify you and is used at an aggregated level in order to understand how our customers use our sites.boxed app. while using your mobile device and specifically the boxed app, we may collect certain additional information. we may collect information about your location, your device, a unique identifier for your device, your mobile operating system, your site navigation, and other app-specific user data. this data is analyzed periodically to help us create a more user-friendly, improved shopping experience within the app.cookiesin order to improve your shopping experience and to save user’s time, like other websites, we use “cookies” to collect certain information by automated means. a cookie is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. we use these cookies to identify and authenticate visitors and to store information in your electronic shopping baskets, so it can be retrieved later.we use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies to provide non-personally identifiable information and we also use third-party tracking service in our sites. these tracking services collect information in aggregate form about our users and the this information is analyzed periodically to gain a greater understanding of the usage patterns within our sites.information we do and do not sharewe do not share or otherwise disclose your personal information, except as described herein. we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone for any reason.we may share the personal information we collect with our affiliates, business partners, ad network vendors and their participants, and other third parties for the purposes described in this policy, including to communicate with you about products and services, offers, events and promotions that we believe may be of interest to you. from time to time, we employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf (for example: shipping, customer service) and need to share your information with them to provide these products or services to you. however, at all times we restrict who has access to your personal information and take great care to protect your privacy in all regards. we may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. for example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.compliance with legal requirements. we also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order), (ii) in response to a request by law enforcement authorities, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, or a violation of the terms and conditions that govern use of the sites. we also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell, merge or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.how information is protected and checkout secured personal information within user accounts, including purchase history, is protected by a password for your privacy and security. the company employs numerous administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to assist in protecting the personal information we collect against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. we use industry standard firewalls and secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption to protect sensitive billing information during the authorization process. when you enter your credit card information during our checkout and billing process, although we store that information for ease of future use, it is encrypted for your privacy.company further suggests that all users safeguard their own account username and password and not share that information with anyone. it is preferable that users update their password periodically and follow conventions for choosing a secure password. if users are concerned about misuse of their identity within the sites, or are using a shared device, users should make an effort to log out as often as necessary. company will never ask for your password via email and users should report any such inquiry.note. the company meets or exceeds the standards generally accepted by the industry within which it operates in regards to the protection of personal information. however, no electronic transmission of information can be executed with absolute certainty that a failure or breach will not occur. company cannot guarantee that the security measures in place to safeguard personal information will never be defeated or fail, or that those measures will always be sufficient or effective.minorsthe company does not direct its sites to children under the age of thirteen. you must be eighteen years of age or older to register with the company. we do not knowingly collect information from minors. if we learn that a user is under eighteen years of age, we will promptly delete any personal information that they have provided to us.changes in policythe company may amend this policy from time to time. use of information we collect now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is used. you acknowledge that this policy is part of the terms and conditions and you unconditionally agree that using our sites is an implicit agreement to the terms of this policy and those contained in the terms and conditions.in the event of a change, the revised policies or terms and conditions will be posted immediately. if we make substantial changes to this policy, we will notify our customers through a more prominent notice (including directly, via email, website or in-site messaging).when this privacy policy appliesthis policy applies to all of the services offered and sites operated by the company and its affiliates, but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this policy.this policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you on other sites linked from our services. this policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.concerns and inquiriesif you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy and protection of personal information, please send a detailed message to support@boxed.com and we will respond to you shortly.invite friends! give $15 - get $15companyhow boxed worksabout usboxed for businessjoin the teambe a boxed shopperresourcescontact uspress roomfaqsuggest productsquick linksterms & conditionsprivacy policyaffiliatesreturn policysocialdownload our apps© 2016 boxed wholesaleyour cart is emptystart shopping