来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171229223635/https://www.boxed.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

bulk shopping online | buying wholesale | grocery delivery service | boxed search boxed...95051sign in0search boxed...need some inspiration?shop best sellersyour cart is looking a bit empty!shop all productsall productsall productsgroceryshop all grocerymeals & prepspreads & sweetenersbreakfastsalty snackschocolate & candycondiments & spicesfruits & nutscookies & barsshop all groceryspooktacular snacksbeveragesshop all beveragescoffee & teadairyjuicesmixessports & energywater & sparklingwineshop all beveragesthis milk is bananasbath & bodyshop all bath & bodydeodorantshand soapsshavingshowerskin careshop all bath & bodywould you latherhealthshop all healthladies'dental & eyereliefsupplementsadult careshop all healthpicture of healthcleaning suppliesshop all cleaning suppliessurface cleanerspaper & plasticlaundrydish soapsair freshenersshop all cleaning suppliesso fresh and cleanhome & officeshop all home & officestationeryappliances & toolstabletop & storageshop all home & officelock in the freshnessbabies & kidsshop all babies & kidscare & cleaningdiapers & wipesnutritionshop all babies & kidsbaby got bathlifestylepetshotelsshop all productsboxed for businessessamplesyour favoritesbest sellerswhat's newon salesampleshotelszip code95051newsfeedsign in / sign upsearch boxed...privacy policyeffective as of december 8, 2016.boxed takes your privacy very seriously. so, we wanted to provide you some information on our privacy policy (the “policy”). just so we are clear, boxed’s legal name is giddy inc.; but, we do business as boxed and boxed wholesale (“boxed”). this policy also covers our affiliates, which, together with boxed, we refer to in this policy as the “company,” “boxed,” “we,” “our,” and “us.”this policy describes:how we collect, and you may provide, information through our website, including the www.boxed.com domain, our mobile applications and our vendor information portal (collectively, the “sites”);how we use and protect information;with whom we may share information; andthe types of information we collect.we put forth this policy because we want you to be aware of the information we collect and help you make an informed decision about using our sites and services. by visiting the sites, linked pages, features, content, or using any of our services, you acknowledge and accept the practices and policies outlined in this policy. if you do not agree to this policy, you may not access or otherwise use the sites. this policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our sites.1. what information do we collect?information you providewe collect the information you enter on our sites when you register as a member, create an account, engage in a transaction, search our products, contact us or our customer service department by telephone, email, or otherwise, or participate in events, surveys, questionnaires, contests or other promotions we may sponsor. please note that we may collect personally identifiable information (“pii”) from the sites only when you choose to provide it to us. we use this information to correspond with you and as otherwise permitted by this policy. the information collected may include:your contact information, such as your name, email address, password, shipping address, or telephone number;your payment information, such as credit/debit card information, billing addresses, and other billing information;the shipping information of any third parties that you enter when shipping orders to such third parties, including their names, addresses, and telephone numbers; andyour purchase history.certain information, statements, data, and content (such as photographs) which you may submit to us are likely to reveal your gender, ethnic origin, race, nationality, age, and/or other demographic information about you.we do not knowingly collect sensitive information such as government-issued identifiers, social security numbers, financial account information, insurance plan information or specific information related to your health or medical conditions.from time-to-time, we may use third-party provided widgets on our sites to help provide products and services that we feel might be of use to you. these widgets may ask you for additional information, such as the referral information (names and email addresses) of people or companies that you may wish to refer to us, pursuant to the privacy policies of such third parties. of course, it is up to you as to whether you provide any of this type of information.mobile web and ios and android appswe may collect certain additional information from you when you access the sites with mobile devices or with our ios and android mobile apps (the “boxed apps”). this information may include location, device type, unique device identifier, mobile operating system, site navigation, and other app-specific user data. when this data is collected, it is analyzed periodically to help us create a more user-friendly, improved shopping experience within the mobile web interface and/or the boxed apps. you may restrict the collection of certain data, like location, and/or opt out of notifications from the boxed apps by changing the settings preferences on your mobile device.automatically collected information; interest-based advertising.when you interact with the sites, advertisements or other content provided by boxed or third parties, on behalf of boxed, through your computer, phone or mobile device (we’ll refer to these as “devices” throughout the policy), we, and third parties, automatically collect non-personally identifiable information (“non-pii”) about or from your device, such as, without limitation, your browser information on our server logs including your ip address, browser type, browser versions, browser language, browser plug-in type and version, country and time zone, urls that refer visitors to our sites, dates and times of visits to our sites, page views and site navigation, geographic location, cookie information (see below), web beacons, pixel tags, device fingerprinting or other means, the page you requested, duration of activity on our sites, searches, shopping behavior and preferences, hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information, and purchases.we may use this information, and tie it back to the information you provide to us, to tailor or customize your shopping experience and/or interaction with boxed, allowing us to surface various products and special offers in which you may have interest. this form of advertising, sometimes called “behavioral advertising,” is based on anonymous information and not on any personally identifiable information. as a result, we and our vendors know your interests, but cannot personally identify you in connection with the delivery of that specific ad. we believe that such advertising is helpful because you will see advertisements that are relevant to your interests. however, if you would like to opt-out of these interest-based advertisements, please follow the opt-out process described below under “what choices do users have.”we may also aggregate and anonymize this information with similar information from our other customers in order to understand how our customers use our sites, and/or third party service providers may collect non-personally identifiable information from our sites as well.cookiesa cookie is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. we use a variety of cookies, such as session, persistent and analytics cookies, among others, to identify and authenticate visitors and to store information in your electronic shopping baskets so it can be retrieved later.by using the sites, you accept the use of cookies as described in this policy. you can disable or delete cookies by changing the preferences on your device browser (usually located in the “help” or “tools” menu). disabling cookies may, however, prevent you from using some of the essential features of the sites. please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. however, on many mobile devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile tracking activities via their device settings. for further information, please see “what choices do users have” below. if you have any questions or need assistance regarding cookies, you can contact us at privacy@boxed.com.we use third-party tracking services that use cookies to provide non-personally identifiable information and we also use third-party tracking services in our sites and the boxed apps. these tracking services collect information about our users on an aggregate basis and such collected information is analyzed periodically to gain a greater understanding of the usage patterns within our sites.web beacons and pixel tagsboxed and our third-party service providers (defined below) may use web beacons or pixel tags to control the automated collection of non-personally identifiable information. these small electronic tags on specific web pages on our sites help us monitor the activity on our sites in order to improve your shopping experience.javascriptin order to collect the kinds of information described in this policy and to see how you interact with our sites, we, or third parties, may use javascript or other languages to send instructions to your devices.do not tracksome browsers may provide a “do not track” option which signals to websites and web services that you do not wish to have your online activities tracked over time or across different websites. a “do not track” option may also allow you to opt out of behavioral advertising. at this time, the sites neither respond to nor support “do not track” requests and will continue to collect information about your online activity as mentioned in this policy.2. what we do with collected informationwe may use the information you provide to us, directly or indirectly, and information we collect about you for various reasons, including to:improve your user experience with boxed and expedite access to your account;notify you of any boxed promotions, deals and other information that may be of use to you or any deals or promotions from our partners;create or administer your account and communicate with you about account creation, activity or modification, placed orders and shipping updates. you can opt out of these emails or other notifications at any time by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of our emails or by changing your email preferences at https://www.boxed.com/account/email-preferences;notify you about any changes to this policy or the terms and conditions;respond to your requests and questions;operate, assess, analyze, enhance, and improve our businesses, research, data, marketing and advertising strategies, and our product offerings;perform accounting, auditing, and billing activities;protect against fraud; andcomply with applicable laws, regulations and industry standards and enforce our rights and our terms and conditions and other policies.we may employ third-party service providers (the “third-party service providers”) to help, on behalf of boxed, facilitate our services by providing analytics, results, links, advertisements, embedded content or other tools and services. these third-party service providers may collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of cookies, pixel tags, device fingerprinting or other automated means. the third-party service providers may use this information internally or share this information with us for various purposes and reasons, including to assist us in providing a more customized shopping experience. this policy covers on only our use of information we collect. we may use non-pii from third parties (such as data vendors) pursuant to their own privacy policies. similarly, we may enhance the non-pii collected via our site with non-pii collected from our business partners.3. sharing of information information shared with our service providerswe may share information we collect with our third-party service providers and other third parties that we engage to help us administer and provide our services and to perform tasks on our behalf (for example, shipping, customer service, marketing communications, analytics) and we share your information with such third parties when it is needed for such purposes.information shared with third partiesfrom time-to-time, we may offer a referral program or referral offers on our sites to our existing users. if you sign up for an account on the sites or otherwise provide us with information by clicking on a referral link—whether through an email, text message, through a social media site, or other electronic or mobile mechanism—provided to you by an individual who has identified you as one of his or her contacts, and consent to the sharing of your pii, we may share your pii with the individual who has referred you to us. we may also inform individuals who identify to us that you are one of their contacts whether or not you already have an account on the sites.we may also share aggregated, anonymized, and non-personally identifiable information with our business partners and/or any other third party (for example, suppliers, vendors, publishers, advertisers or connected sites) for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling, and other purposes. for example, we may share such information to show trends about the general use of our services, sites and the boxed apps.we may also use your pii, as provided by you through the site, to contact and correspond with you and/or to respond to your inquiries. we do not sell your pii to third parties or mass marketers. finally, please note that if you specifically consent to additional uses of your pii, we may use your pii in manner consistent with that consent.compliance with legal requirementswe may disclose information about you: (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order, legal process, governmental agency or otherwise); (ii) in response to a request by law enforcement authorities; or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical, financial, or other harm, injury, or loss. however, this policy is not intended to limit any objections or legal defenses you may have to a request to disclose your information by a third party or government.information generally disclosedwe may also share aggregated, anonymized, and other non-pii publicly, for example in industry reports, news stories or press releases, to show trends about the general use of our services, sites and the boxed apps.information disclosed in connection with business transactionswe may also transfer the information we have about you in the event we sell, merge or transfer all or a portion of our businesses or assets (or initiate and pursue reorganization, bankruptcy, dissolution, or liquidation), or take steps in anticipation of such transactions. in such event, all the data will continue to be governed by this policy.4. children’s privacy rightswe do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of thirteen (13). our sites are not intended for or directed at children under the age of thirteen (13) years old.you must be eighteen (18) years of age or older to register with boxed. if we learn that a user is under the age of eighteen (18), we will promptly delete any information that they have provided to us. any user under the age of eighteen (18) must be accompanied by an adult when accessing the sites. 5. california privacy rightscalifornia law permits customers in california to request certain details about how we may share their information with third parties and/or affiliates for marketing purposes. we will either provide this information, upon request, or provide california residents the option to opt out of this type of sharing. if you are a california resident, you may request information and/or request to opt out of future sharing through a written request to privacy@boxed.com or to:boxed wholesale451 broadway, second floornew york, ny 10013please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code in your request. we are not required to respond to requests made through means other than our email or mailing address.6. third-party privacy practicesour sites may contain links to websites and services, as well as other embedded content, that are owned, operated or otherwise provided by third parties (each, a “third-party service”). any information that you provide on or to a third-party service or that is collected by a third-party service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the third-party service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy and practices. we are not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any third-party service. to protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all third-party services that you access. visiting these other third party services is at your own risk.when you use the sites, third parties may collect your information or information about your online and mobile activities over time and across different websites and mobile apps. for example, certain third parties may embed content, tools, use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant services, ads and links on the sites. we have no control over these third parties and no responsibility for the technologies they employ. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of such third parties or their collection of information, and our policy does not apply to such collection of information or to the services offered by these third parties. we suggest you review their privacy policies to learn how they may collect or use your information.our sites may also contain links to social media platforms, and you may be given the choice of connecting to one or more social media platforms from the sites. if you choose to do so, then depending upon your social media privacy settings, the personal information that you post, transmit, or otherwise make available on the social media platform may be viewed and/or used by others and we will have no control over such viewing and use. we do not control and are not responsible for any use of your pii by or through any of the social media platforms. by linking to any social media platform, you will be assuming therisk that the pii you provide on that platform may be viewed and/or used by third parties for any purposes and agree that we have no control or responsibility for such third party viewing and uses.7. how information is protected and checkout secured we implement reasonable measures to protect your information through a variety of safeguards designed to help protect the information we collect and store against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.no method of protecting information is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. therefore, we suggest that you take certain reasonable steps to protect your information. start by safeguarding your own account username and password and not sharing that information with anyone. it is preferable that users update their password periodically and follow conventions for choosing a secure password. if users are concerned about misuse of their identity within the sites, or are using a shared device, users should make an effort to log out as often as necessary. we will never ask for your password via email and users should report any such inquiry.we retain your pii, if provided by you through the sites, for as long as your inquiry is active (as determined by us) and for a reasonable time thereafter, or if applicable, for as long as you remain on our marketing list. even if we delete some or all of your pii, we may continue to retain and use aggregate, anonymous data previously collected and/or anonymize and aggregate your personal information. please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties.8. which information can users access?you may access and update information you have entered on the sites through your boxed account settings. there you can also view information like your purchase history, savings, and cash rewards. if you have any questions about viewing or updating your information we have on file, please contact support@boxed.com.9. what choices do users have?you can choose not to disclose information to us; however, some of this information may be necessary to register with us or to take advantage of the features on our sites. as we mentioned above, you may also update certain information through your boxed account.you can opt out of promotional emails, other communications or notifications from the company at any time by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of our emails, by changing your email preferences here or using the contact information provided below. you can also opt out of the collection of certain information collected by mobile applications by changing the settings preferences on your mobile device. we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. however, we are not responsible for removing your pii from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this policy or your consent. we encourage you to raise any concerns using the contact information provided below, and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of information. you may also request access to your pii (if you have provided pii to us through the sites) and information about our collection, use and disclosure of that information by using the contact information provided below. subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information, entitlement to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information, and the ability to have it amended as is appropriate. you can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your personal information.you may restrict information we, and other websites, collect through the use of cookies by changing the preferences on your device browser (usually located in the “help” or “tools” menu) to disable or delete cookies. please know that disabling cookies does not delete them from your browser and you must select the delete option from within your browser. however, disabling cookies on your browser may limit your ability to use specialized features on our sites.as described above, we may, and may work with third parties, to use non-pii information to deliver targeted advertisements to you based upon your online activities and other information. the online advertising industry provides a service through which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from certain data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. you can opt-out of targeted advertising from certain providers at www.aboutads.info/consumers.please note that by opting out, you will continue to see generic advertising that is not tailored to your specific interests and activities.to be clear, even if you use an online industry opt-out, these cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out.for example, if you have opted out on your device browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device. you must separately opt out on each device.if you have any questions about the features on our sites and how best to utilize them, please contact us at support@boxed.com.10. changes in policythe information we collect through or on our sites is covered by the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected. we may amend or revise this policy from time-to-time and any such amended or revised privacy policies will be posted on our sites and will reflect the date it was last updated. if, in our sole discretion, we make material amendments or revisions to this policy, we will notify you through a more prominent notice, including, for example, by email or in-site messaging.11. questions and how to contact usif you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy and protection of information, please send a detailed message to privacy@boxed.com.united states of americaour site is maintained in the united states of america. by using the site, you authorize the export of your information to the usa and its storage and use as specified in this policy. you understand that data stored in the usa may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the usa.invite friends! give $15 - get $15companyhow boxed worksabout usboxed for businessjoin the teambe a boxed shopperresourcescontact uspress roomfaqsuggest productsquick linksterms & conditionsprivacy policyaffiliatesreturn policysocialdownload our apps© 2017 boxed wholesale