来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131221102933/http://www.ecampus.com/help/help-desk.asp
================================================================================

help desk - find all your answers at the ecampus.com | ecampus.com | textbooks - easy. fast. cheap! return your rental sign in to your account marketplace help desk find books free shipping on orders over $59! cart (0) items rent textbooks buy textbooks sell textbooks etextbooks books help desk most asked questions how do i return my rental? does my rental have to be returned or postmarked by the due date? what if i return my rental books late? when should i expect my order to arrive? how do i return a book for a refund? how do i cancel my order? do it yourself track your books print your prepaid shipping label view/modify your orders extend/purchase your books access ebookshelf questions about payment or charge contact us email us give us a call mon - fri 9:00am - 5:00pm est sat - sun closed browse all questions and answers general questions new customers why use ecampus.com? we have long been trusted to offer the largest and cheapest selection of discount books and discount textbooks on the internet. whether you are looking for new or used books, discount high school or college textbooks, or even electronic textbooks, ecampus.com is the place to shop. ecampus.com offers the absolute widest online selection of textbook alternatives including purchasing new, used and digital textbooks from ecampus.com directly; buying from sellers on our student marketplace, or simply renting your textbooks for the semester. you are also able to sell your used books through our textbook buyback program. why would you shop anywhere else for your books? creating an account when you buy or sell your book on ecampus.com, an account will be automatically created for you at checkout. your password will be the one you create when setting up your account. storing your account information with us means you only have to enter it once, making subsequent checkouts faster and more convenient. your account information is always protected by your email/password combination. an ecampus.com account also allows you to track the status of an order, and review your transaction history. you can create your account by following these simple steps: 1. when you reach the ecampus.com checkout page, enter your name, email address and password on the "new customers" section of the ecampus.com checkout. then click "create my account". your credit card information is never required to register with ecampus.com. 2. once your account is created, you will be directed immediately to our shipping and billing information page. this information is saved for convenience, though you can easily change it when making purchases in the future. faq's what is an isbn? an international standard book number is a 10-digit or 13-digit number used to give every book its own identification label. you may be unsure of a book's full title, author, or year published, but if you know its isbn, you can be sure you've got the right book. if you cannot locate your book's isbn on the outside of the book, open the front cover and look on the page immediately following the title page. this should be the copyright page and will include information about the copyright date, the author and publisher. the isbn should be in the middle or at the bottom of that page. how do i place an order? at any time while shopping at ecampus.com, items can be selected for purchase by simply clicking the "add to cart" or "buy now" button. you always have the ability to view selected items in your shopping cart by clicking the "shopping cart" button located at the top of every screen. when you want to return to the store, just click the "continue shopping" button on the bottom left of the checkout screen. when you're finished shopping, click the "shopping cart" or "checkout" button located in the upper right-hand corner of every screen. you can then make any changes to the items currently in your shopping cart. click "continue to checkout". you will then be prompted login as a new customer or returning customer. continue as new customer you will need to fill out billing, shipping and payment information as well as enter an existing email address and password to create account with ecampus.com. click "submit order", and you're done! continue as returning customer you will see  "if you have shopped with us before, save time by logging in below:" enter your email address and password. (if you cannot remember your password, click "forgot your password?" you will need to fill out billing, shipping and payment information. click "submit order", and you're done! how can i check on my orders? can i track the package? to view the status of your order, click "my account" from the top of any screen. enter the email address you used when you placed your order, and your ecampus.com account password. you'll be able to view existing detail for your order. we'll even tell you the ups tracking number or the u.s. postal service delivery confirmation number for your package if the items have already shipped. is my credit card safe? we use the latest encryption technology to keep your information safe. we guarantee that each purchase you make is protected and safe. if your web browser doesn't permit a secure connection, ecampus.com will not accept your personal information including credit card numbers. if fraudulent charges are ever made, you will not have to pay for them. ecampus.com is also a verisign secure site ensuring the highest levels of security so you can be certain that our site is genuine, and that the information you provide us stays private and confidential. ecampus.com displays the verisign secure site seal allowing you to check the web site server id's information and status in real time, and providing additional protection against the misuse of revoked and expired certificates. we also encourage you to review our privacy policy for more information. what are my shipping options? we ship our products around the world, using a variety of shipping options and delivery methods. learn more about shipping options. we currently offer united states postal service, ups standard shipping, two day shipping, one day shipping, ups express (canada) and ups express (all other countries). what payment methods do you accept? we currently accept visa, master card, american express, and discover for payment of online purchases. in addition, we accept paypal and bill me later as form of payment. learn more about bill me later. we also accept most debit cards, as they can be used just like a credit card. to place an order using your debit card, enter all the information at checkout exactly as it appears on your card. under "type of credit card," enter the affiliation that appears on your debit card (most likely visa). payments may also be made by check or money order, but will not be processed in our system until the check or money order has cleared our financial institution. if you would like to place your order in this method, we will need the following information: 1. isbn of the item you would like to order. 2. title of the isbn. 3. quantity of the isbn you would like to order. 4. your shipping address. 5. your shipping method preference. 6. a contact email address and phone number. send the above information along with your payment to: ecampus.com attn: order department. 2415 palumbo drive lexington, ky 40509 note: orders paid for by check or money order will not be processed or shipped until payment clears our financial institution. what is your privacy policy? ecampus.com is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. we make every effort to assure your confidentiality and to keep your trust. the information you provide us in your account is used to process orders and to assist us in providing you with a more personalized shopping experience. ecampus.com utilizes every available technology to ensure that your confidential information remains secure. ecampus.com holds your email address in strictest confidence. we do not sell, give away, or otherwise distribute your address to any third party unless you have given us permission through your account to do so. learn more about our privacy policy. how do i cancel or modify my order? you can cancel your order prior to shipping by logging in to the my account section of our website. above the details of your order is a link "contact us about this order". clicking on this link will take you to a form to fill out to request a cancellation. choosing the "cancel" reason for contact will display all of the open items on your shipment group that can be cancelled. please keep in mind that what you are submitting is only a request for cancellation; we will notify you by email once your request has been completed. if your order has been received, return it to us by following the instructions on the back of the packing slip included with your order. you can even use the original packing materials. what is your return policy? items purchased from ecampus.com may be returned for a refund (excluding shipping charges) up to 30 days after the date of shipment. items must be returned in the condition in which they were received. shrink-wrapped items cannot be returned if the wrapping is broken unless the items are defective. we will not accept items for return with open diskette packages or cd-rom's that have broken seals. items purchased through the ecampus.com marketplace cannot be returned to our distribution center for processing. if you need to return a marketplace purchase for any reason, this must be worked out with the seller of the item. you may contact the seller for instructions by logging in to the my account section of our website. the seller contact link will be displayed below the item name. check out our return policy page for full details. does ecampus.com offer textbook buyback? yes. selling your used textbooks to ecampus.com gets you top dollar and enables us to pass savings on to you and other customers. please visit our "sell books page" to sell back books. does ecampus have a retail outlet? yes. 2415 palumbo drive lexington, ky 40509 how do i contact ecampus.com? for general information, click here and tell us your concern, and we'll be in touch with you shortly. for customer service inquiries, click here. using our site searching for products books & textbooks to search for a book or textbook, enter the title of the book, the author of the book, the isbn of the book, or a corresponding keyword into the search field on the search bar on our homepage or buy textbooks section. if you cannot find the product you desire, visit our advanced search for a more detailed search. if you enter a specific isbn, you will be taken to a product detail page for that isbn. if you enter other information while searching, you will be taken to our search section with results related to your search. at the search section, you may refine your search using the tools on the left section of the page. other merchandise to search for other merchandise, first visit our college gear section, then enter any information about the product you are searching for into the search box at the top of the page. if you cannot find the product you desire, visit our advanced search for a more detailed search. product information product information such as isbn, price, edition, author, and summaries can be found by searching for a product and clicking on the product's title. textbooks ecampus.com offers more buying options for textbooks than anywhere else in the universe. ecampus.com offers used textbooks, new textbooks, textbook rentals, etextbooks and a student marketplace. after doing a search for the books you need, you'll then have the option to select which version of the textbook you would like. not all options are available for every textbook, but we're working everyday to offer every option for every book available. college apparel ecampus.com is the place for all your college apparel and gear needs. we offer everything from posters to car accessories to t-shirts and shorts. just click the college gear tab at the top of any ecampus page then choose your school. our site will then show you every thing we have with your school's name on it so you can browse and make a selection. clearance items ecampus.com is the value conscious book shopper's dream. not only do we offer great prices on our textbooks but we often mark down books up to 90% off of the suggested retail price. these books can be found by clicking the "bargain books" tab located under the "books" tab on any ecampus.com page. then, simply use the categories to search for a specific type of book or search by the title in the search box in the upper left portion of the page. buying books how to buy at any time while shopping at ecampus.com, items can be selected for purchase by simply clicking the "add to cart" or "buy now" button. you always have the ability to view selected items in your shopping cart by clicking the "shopping cart" button located at the top of every screen. when you want to return to the store, just click the "continue shopping" button on the bottom left of the checkout screen. when you're finished shopping, click the "shopping cart" or "checkout" button located in the upper right-hand corner of every screen. you can then make any changes to the items currently in your shopping cart. click "continue to checkout". you will then be prompted to login as a new customer or returning customer. used book conditions a used book is considered in good condition even when it contains highlighting, margin notes, or other markings. we try our best to provide supplements like cd's and study guides with our used package listings. because not all of our used book vendors have the same standards for buybacks, we cannot guarantee that these supplements will be included. selling books selling back textbooks selling your used books to ecampus.com gets you top dollar and enables us to pass the savings on to you and other students. the more used books we have on our site, the more opportunities you have to save money. period. 1. see how much you can get for your books: click sell textbooks from anywhere on the site. enter in up to 8 isbn's of any books you want to sell at a time and click "search". we'll tell you if we can buy your books and how much we'll pay for each one (provided they meet our standards). each quote is good for 7 business days. 2. sell your books: to accept our offer, you'll need to submit a buyback order. follow the steps listed above, check the "add to buyback list" for each book you want to sell, and then submit your buyback order. you will be required to provide us with your shipping address and an email address. payment for buybacks will be sent to the address you have listed. the check will be made out to the name listed on the full name line of the shipping address. once your buyback order is submitted, we'll display your buyback confirmation number. be sure to print out two copies of this page and include one when you ship us your books. the other will be for your own records. most importantly we pay for shipping. at checkout, we provide you a link to a postage-paid mailing label! please make sure to follow the mailing instructions as outlined on the mailing label provided in order to properly pack and ship your items. important: pack your books carefully so they are not damaged in transit. 3. send us your books your books must be postmarked within 7 days from the date you submitted your buyback order to guarantee the quoted buyback price. if you do not send your books to us within 7 days, your buyback order will automatically expire and you will need to submit a new order. buyback prices change as book demand changes. be sure you've included a printed copy of your buyback confirmation. attach the completed buyback mailing label to your package, then drop it in any collection box, give it to your postal carrier, or take it to your local or campus post office. books are frequently the most lost or damaged item the post office handles. because of this, ecampus.com cannot be responsible to provide any compensation to you if your shipment is indeed lost or damaged in transit. we strongly recommend that you take your package to the post office and purchase insurance and/or delivery confirmation to prevent any financial loss on your end. it is a small price to pay to cover your property! seller payment policy we'll send you a check once we receive your books and verify that they meet our standards. (unacceptable books will not be returned.)buyback processing may take 2 to 3 weeks from the date your books are received. during end of semester seasons where buybacks occur more frequently, payments may be issued outside of the normal processing period. books sold via our buyback program cannot be returned under any circumstance. our pricing the price we offer for a used book is based on its future value. the most important determining factor is whether a book is being reused from semester to semester. demand for the book and how many copies we currently have in stock also determine value. the earlier you sell back your books, the more they're worth and the more likely it is that we'll buy them. book conditions a used book is considered in good condition even when it contains highlighting, margin notes, or other markings (with the exception of study guides, which must be clean). items listed on our "sell textbook" page as package editions must arrive with all items intact, or will not be accepted. books must be generally clean in appearance with no torn pages and with the cover and spine in tact. making changes to your order if you want to make changes to your order before sending us your books, please submit a new buyback order. your original order will automatically expire after 7 days, so there is no need to cancel it. be aware that if the books you send us don't match the books listed on your buyback confirmation, your check will be delayed. when things go wrong as long as you drop your books in the mail within 7 days, your prices are guaranteed. if you don't make it to the post office in time, just submit a new buyback order (see "making changes to your order"; above). if we receive books on an expired order we'll do our best to buy them and cut you a check, but they will be subject to the current buyback prices. any books received that can't be sold (due to poor condition, because they were mailed after the 7 day required postmark deadline, or because the book received was different than the book listed on your buyback order) will be destroyed. we do not accept teacher editions, instructor editions, international editions, and other like editions. buybacks that are received with items missing from what is expected will be processed in our system as received. missing items will be deleted from the buyback and payment will be issued only for the items received. if you feel that items may have been lost in transit, please contact our buyback specialist at buybacks@ecampus.com for further information. selling on the marketplace in addition to selling you book back to us directly, you can list an item on the ecampus.com marketplace and it will apper on our website for the price of your choosing. please see the marketplace help section for more details. renting books overview ecampus.com is proudly offering a book rental program, referred to as "the rent and return program." the rent and return program by ecampus.com is a low cost alternative to purchasing textbooks. you don't own the book, you are simply borrowing it from ecampus.com for a fee and returning it to us at the end of the rental term you selected. this program was created to give our customers yet another great option when it comes to obtaining their school textbooks via our site. with thousands of new textbooks, used textbooks, etextbooks and now rental textbooks, you are sure to find the option that best fits your needs. if a book is available for rental, the option to add this selection to your cart will appear on the right side of the book detail page in addition to new, used, marketplace and ebooks. how to rent we call it the 4 "r's" rent, receive, read and return 1. rent - simply find the book you are looking for via our search tool, select the amount of time you would like to rent it for, add it to your cart, and check out. 2. receive - at check out, select from a variety of shipping methods, standard 3-5 business day shipping, 2 business day shipping, or 1 business day shipping. most orders ship within 48 hours. on rare occasions, the shipping timeframe may be longer. 3. read - you are free to use the textbook for the term period you selected: 1 semester (130 days), 90 days, or 60 days. 4.return - visit www.ecampus.com/return-my-rental or visit your online account for return instructions and to print your free ups return shipping label and packing slip. pack your book(s) securely and drop off at any ups location. note: supplements such as cd roms, study guides, access codes, etc. are not guaranteed to be included with any rental. we do not offer rentals to alaska or hawaii rental agreement this rental user agreement is considered to be a contract between you and gb rental, llc. by clicking "i agree," you agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, our privacy policy, our terms of use, and any other documents incorporated into the website. you agree that this user agreement is legally binding between you and gb rental, llc. gb rental, llc may modify this agreement from time to time. any modification shall be effective upon posting on the website. you agree to be bound to any changes to this agreement when you use the website or the service after the change is posted. you may contact us at eservice@ecampus.com if you have any questions. rental period you are free to use the textbook for the term period you select: 1 semester (130 days), 90 days, or 60 days. 15 and 30 day extensions are available for an additional fee at the time your order is placed. extending rentals if the current rental periods do not fit your particular curriculum, you can extend the traditional rental period by selecting the dropdown on the book detail page "need more days?" this will extend your rental by 15 days or 30 days depending on your selection. the applicable fee will is displayed there and will be applied to your total rental amount. buying your rental if you rent a book and decide you would like to keep it, you may purchase this book at www.ecampus.com/myaccount. enter your email address and password, and click on the link to "my rentals". here you will see all of your rental books, the return dates, and the option to "buy" these books if you so choose. click the "buy" button and follow the steps to complete the rental purchase. returning your rental to return rental, visit www.ecampus.com/return-my-rental in connection with your rental order, you will select a rental return date. the rental return date will appear on your order confirmation as well as in the order details displayed in the "my account" section of the ecampus.com website. by placing your rental order with ecampus.com, you agree to use ecampus.com's online rental returns process and to return the rented merchandise to ecampus.com using the printable, prepaid ups shipping label that is provided as part of that process. you agree that failing to use ecampus.com's online rental returns process and/or the provided shipping label may result in you not getting credit for your rental return. you agree that you are responsible for remembering the rental return date and returning the rental to us within the timeframe specified. if your return does not begin scanning within the ups package tracking system by rental return date, you will be charged a late fee in the amount of 20% of the current list price for that book. if your return does not begin scanning in the ups package tracking system within 7 days of the assessed late fee, you will be charged the remaining 80% of the current list price for that book. damages to books once the book is in your possession, you are responsible for its condition. damage to a rented book is defined as any condition that makes the book unusable as a future rental. such conditions include any water damage, a broken spine, missing pages, missing or torn covers, excessive highlighting (more than one third of the content), excessive or inappropriate notes or any other such condition that makes the book unsuitable for future use. a fee will be charged to the credit card on file of any customer returning a damaged book and the book will not be returned to you. the fee will be assessed at the discretion of ecampus.com and may up to the replacement fee of the book. supplemental materials cd's, access codes, etc may not be included with the rentals ebooks what is an ebook? etextbooks or ebooks are enhanced with features like high-speed searching and electronic note-taking. our etextbooks are available in two versions: online viewing and offline viewing. these etextbooks contain the same content as a print textbook. we now have over one hundred thousand electronic textbooks and electronic books available for download. etextbooks are very environmental friendly as every ebook sold is one less tree used for a print textbook. they are a cheaper, environmentally friendly alternative for college textbooks. if an ebook is available for the textbook you are looking for, the option to add this version to the cart will appear on the right side of the book detail page in addition to new, used or marketplace. (see image) buying an ebook once you purchase an ebook from ecampus.com, you will receive information on how to access your ebook within a few minutes. the information will also be populated in your account section at ecampus.com. ebook readers we have two different types of ebooks. most etextbooks are available from coursesmart and require the coursesmart bookshelf reader to be downloaded. coursesmart bookshelf can be downloaded from the email you receive from ecampus.com regarding your order. it can also be downloaded at the following site http://www.vitalsource.com/software/coursesmart/. in addition, you can download the vitalsource bookshelf for other ebooks we offer here: http://www.ingramdigital.com/downloads/ system requirements apple mac os x 10.3.9 or microsoft windows 2000. windows 2000 users will also require microsoft .net frameworks 1.1 and service pack 4 be installed. windows xp/vista users will also require .net frameworks 3.0 hardware specifics: apple macintosh with 600mhz powerpc g3, or windows compatible hardware with 600mhz processor or faster. ethernet port, internet access, and online registration required. 1024x768 screen resolution or larger. 128mb of ram or greater. return policy due to the nature of the item, ebook purchases are not eligible for return or refund under any circumstances as stated in your shopping cart, during the checkout process, and other areas of our website. also, we cannot guarantee that supplements that might be included with a new textbook purchase such as dvds, cd roms, study guides, passkeys to alternate websites, etc, will be included with your etextbook purchase. we apologize if this causes any inconvenience.for more information, please view our official return policy. ebook subscriptions once you purchase an ebook from ecampus.com, you will receive an email with a link to coursesmart’s website. when you subscribe to your first etextbook, you'll be asked to create a unique username and password. use this information to sign in to the coursesmart site every time you want to read this etextbook, or to subscribe to other etextbooks.once you have subscribed to an etextbook, you can access that book for the stated subscription period, typically matching the term of use (e.g. 180 days for 1 semester, 360 days for 2 semesters). during your subscription period you can search within the book, add notes and read the book. coursesmart for the etextbooks we sell at ecampus.com you may need to download the coursesmart bookshelf this can be downloaded from the email you receive from ecampus regarding your order it can also be downloaded at the following site www.vitalsource.com/software/coursesmart/ the system requirements for this software are located here coursesmart has also developed an application for the iphone that allows you to access your ebooks on the go. this application is available in the apple app store. faq's how does the the etextbook subscription work? once you purchase an ebook from ecampus.com, you will receive an email with a link to coursesmart’s website. when you subscribe to your first etextbook, you'll be asked to create a unique username and password. use this information to sign in to the coursesmart site every time you want to read this etextbook, or to subscribe to other etextbooks. once you have subscribed to an etextbook, you can access that book for the stated subscription period, typically matching the term of use (e.g. 180 days for 1 semester, 360 days for 2 semesters). during your subscription period you can search within the book, add notes and read the book. can i print pages? coursesmart users may print up to ten (10) pages at one time from either the online version or the downloadable version of an etextbook. additionally, there is a limit to the total number of pages that one can print for each book. this limit is 150% of the page in the book. for instance, if the book contains 200 pages then you may print 300 pages. as there are many pages (e.g., copyright, index) in most books that subscribers will not want to print, the page-print limit should not impact your ability to print all relevant pages. a dialogue box will appear when you have reached this 150% print page limit. ingram digital users may print as well. id introduced stream lined printing to all users. you no longer have to highlight the text you want to print. with 5.1, you can go to the print command, choose and preview the pages you wish to print, and then print them. placing an order how to shop at any time while shopping at ecampus.com, items can be selected for purchase by simply clicking the "add to cart" button. you always have the ability to view selected items in your shopping cart by clicking the "shopping cart" button located at the top right corner of every screen. when you want to return to the store, just click the "continue to shop" button on the bottom left of the checkout screen. when you're finished shopping, click the "shopping cart" button located in the upper right-hand corner of every screen. you can then make any changes to the items currently in your shopping cart. click "continue to checkout", fill out your billing and shipping information, click "submit order", and you're done! availability estimates to calculate when an item will be delivered, add the availability time of an item to the delivery time of the shipping option you selected. we use the following equation: availability time + delivery method ship time = total delivery time example: a book that is available to ship in 2 to 3 days (appears as in stock: usually ships in 2-3 days) and is sent via two day shipping will arrive in a total of 4 to 5 business days. please note: business days are monday through friday. orders will not be shipped on saturdays and sundays. availability estimates are the anticipated time (in business days) it will take us to acquire an item once you place your order. you will need to consider the shipment groupings as well as the shipping time, when calculating total delivery time. availability estimate "in-stock. ships..." - usually ships out in - 1-2 business day "currently available ships in..." - usually ships out in - listed number of business days "special order..." - usually ships out in - 1-2 weeks "demand printing" - usually ships out in - 4-6 weeks "currently unavailable" - usually ships out in - not available for purchase on site "coming soon" - usually ships out in - scheduled for release by publisher, but is currently not available until released our pricing publishers print a list price on all general reading books and many textbooks. that price is shown on our website as the "list price." if a publisher has not set a list price for a particular book, then the "list price" shown on our site is the price at which the item could be typically purchased at a college bookstore. at ecampus.com we discount our books, textbooks, and stuff off the "list price" shown on our site often at savings up to 50%. our prices are highly competitive; therefore we do not offer price matching. clearance and sale items we may have merchandise on sale or clearance from time to time. this pricing is for a limited time only and is specific to the stock we have available. these prices are subject to change without notice. if you have a dispute, ecampus.com reserves the right to honor sale pricing on a case by case basis. adding to cart to add any product that is not a book to your cart, simply click the light blue add to cart button located on the products page. if you are attempting to add a book to your cart you will need to decide which of ecampus.com's buying options you want to use. the details and pricing for each option will be displayed on the right side of the page, just simply click the buy now button next to the option you want to buy and it will be added to your shopping cart and you can continue shopping. your shopping cart your cart is a page that functions as the shopping basket for the items you want to buy, displaying all the items you've added to it. you can access your cart by clicking the shopping cart icon found in the upper right corner of most pages on our site. you must sign in to your account to see items saved from a previous visit. if you do not have an account, or did not sign in during your last visit, your items were not saved. for your convenience, items will remain in your cart for 7 days about shipping we are currently offering free shipping on all orders over $59. to receive free shipping you will need to select united states postal service 4-10 days economy shipping as your shipping preference. for more information on our shipping options and delivery estimates, visit the shipping section of our help desk. payment options we currently accept visa, master card, american express, and discover for payment of online purchases. in addition we accept alternative payment methods of paypal and bill me later. for more information on our payment options, please see the payment section or our help desk. bulk orders if you are looking to place a bulk order, please visit the bulk sales section of our help desk. gift card ecampus.com accepts gift cards. to use one, input the gift card number as a coupon code during the payment process as you finish placing your order. coupons ecampus.com offers various coupons for its customers at different times of the year. our coupon codes are available through some of our affiliates and through emails we send to our customers. to use a coupon code, enter the code in the first box under payment method when you are completing the checkout process and the discount or offer will be applied to your transaction. cancelling or modifying an order you may cancel your order prior to shipping by logging in to the my account section, located as a link at the top of every page of our site, or by clicking here. once logged in you will need to click on the shipment number you want to cancel. above the details, you will find the "contact us about this order" link. clicking on this link will take you to a new page to request a cancellation for this order. once you have selected the "cancel" reason for contact, you will be given a list of all the open items under this shipment group that can be cancelled. checking the lines and submitting your request will place your cancellation request in our database. please keep in mind that this is only a request, and will need time to process in our system. you will be notified by email once your request has been completed. if your order has already been packed for shipment or is in transit, we will not be able to cancel it. please follow the instructions as listed on the back of the packing slip if you choose to return it. we recommend returning your items via ups ground or insured mail. make sure that you keep a copy of the tracking number and/or shipping receipt for your records. ecampus.com is not responsible for any books or merchandise lost or damaged en route to our distribution center. note: an industry standard 10% restocking fee will be charged if an order is returned for any reason. tracking your package we will notify you with your usps delivery confirmation number or ups tracking number when your package is shipped out of our distribution center. you can click the link provided in the email or use one of the links listed below: u.s. postal service delivery confirmation: http://www.usps.com/shipping/trackandconfirm.htm phone: 1-800-ask-usps (1-800-275-8777) ups package tracking: http://www.ups.com/tracking/tracking.html phone: 1-800-pick-ups (1-800-742-5877) return policy for information on our return policies, visit the return policy. your account create an account to create an account at ecampus.com, simply select an item you wish to purchase and begin to checkout. you will be prompted to continue as a new customer. here you will be able to enter billing/shipping and email/password information, thus creating your account. logging in the my account section of our website provides our customers with up to date information on the status of an order, payment information on buybacks and provides links to contact our customer service department. to login to your ecampus.com account visit www.ecampus.com/myaccount any time. you must enter your account email address and password and click the "login" button. review order status to review orders, login to your customer account through the my account section and choose "my orders" from the menu options. to view specific information on an order click on the order number. clicking on the order number will take you to a list of the items you have purchased, and their current status. if an order has shipped, we will provide you with the tracking number for the package. change email address, password and security info to change the email address we have on file, login to the my account section and choose the "my info" link. on this display you can change your name, password, and school affiliation. you can also change your ecampus.com promotional mailings subscription. change your promotional mailing preferences to change your ecampus.com promotional mailling preferences, login to the my account section and choose the "my info" tab. at the bottom of this page you will be given the option to opt-in or opt-out of our promotional mailings. opting-out of our mailings will not affect your ability to receive email updates about the status of your order. accessing ebooks to access ebooks, login to the my account section and choose "my ebooks" from the menu options. to the right of the order number you can see the isbn, status, redemption code, link to get your ebook, your subscription duration, and what date and time the order was placed. clicking on the link will take you to the host for the ebook information. follow their on-screen instructions to redeem your ebook and start reading. view rental due dates to view rental due dates, login to the my account section and choose "my rentals" from the menu options. to the right of the order number you can see the isbn, a link to purchase the item (if it's eligible to purchase), a link to return the item (if it's eligible to return), and what date and time the order was placed. buying from marketplace what is the marketplace? items for sale in the ecampus.com marketplace are sold by third-party individuals, bookstores and volume sellers. the process of purchasing a book from a marketplace seller is just like buying any other book or item on ecampus.com. when you locate the book(s) on ecampus.com you are looking for, you will see a link in the add to cart block on the right side of the page (if the book is available for sale on the marketplace) that reads: "marketplace, view other sellers". click on this link and you will be taken to the marketplace listings. please note: marketplace sellers usually ship within 1-5 business days after the order is placed. items are not returnable. orders cannot be cancelled by customer service. domestic us shipping only. product may vary from the ecampus.com description. please refer to the seller's comments before ordering. user agreement by selling and buying on the ecampus.com marketplace, you are agreeing to our marketplace buyer/seller user agreement. communication with the seller to use buyer/seller communication, login to your ecampus.com account and click the order number under which the transaction took place. click the red "buyer/seller communication" button. follow directions given on the buyer/seller communication pages. once you have completed this process there are several possible outcomes: if the problem has been resolved, the transaction is considered complete. - if the buyer is to be refunded, ecampus.com will issue a refund approximately 10 days after buyer/seller communication has been completed, if all of the guidelines listed below are met. - in some cases the buyer may need to return the item to the seller. the seller will either swap the item with you or will authorize a refund upon receipt of the returned item. - if the problem has not been resolved, you will need to file a buyer protection report. guidelines - you must attempt to resolve your problem with the seller through buyer/seller communication before you submit your buyer protection report. while there may occasionally be problems, most problems are simple misunderstandings. in addition, you may not initiate buyer/seller communication (or submit a buyer protection policy report) if you have instructed your credit card company to charge back the disputed item. buyers that go though their credit card company to dispute a charge may have their ecampus.com membership suspended. - buyers can use buyer/seller communication on an unlimited basis. seller quality rating as a buyer, it is up to you to accurately classify the level of service provided by a seller. buyers are given an opportunity to leave feedback for sellers that they have had a purchasing experience with. this feedback is made in the form of a rating scale with associated comments. all future buyers who visit the ecampus.com web site can view these ratings and comments. the following scale applies: 5 stars - excellent 4 stars - very good 3 stars - good 2 stars - fair 1 stars - poor buyers may not use the seller rating system as a forum for personal assaults on individual sellers. we are looking for critiques of the purchased item that reflect on the seller's rating of the item's quality and other purchase-related themes. providing accurate feedback regarding your own purchasing experiences is important to our process of rating our sellers and so to your overall shopping experience at ecampus.com. selling on the marketplace what is the marketplace? with a few simple steps, start selling your new and used books and textbooks online today. ecampus.com will offer your books on our website and across the internet through our strategic partnerships, to millions of book shoppers, students, used book wholesalers, and institutional buyers. sign up for a free membership and start listing your book for free on our site. when your book sells, ecampus.com will process the transaction for you, pay you for the order and collect a small fee, which will be built into your selling price. becoming a seller to begin selling your books on the ecampus.com marketplace, you will need to register at www.ecampus.com/mp/register.asp. you must register for a seller account before you can begin selling books on the ecampus.com marketplace. if you have any questions about becoming an ecampus marketplace seller please send an email to sellbooks@ecampus.com. for bulk sellers, we are also fully integrated with inventory management solutions fillz and art of books. how it works when you become a book seller with the ecampus.com marketplace, you will benefit from no start-up fees, no listing fees, and no payment processing fees. ecampus.com will only claim 15% of the sale when a book sells. in addition to the price of your book you will also receive a shipping credit to help cover your cost of shipping the book. when your book sells, ecampus.com will process and accept payments from your buyers on your behalf. we will then inform you via email that the book has been sold. at this point all you have to do is confirm the order in the marketplace account section, provide tracking number and ship the book. you will receive payment by check or direct deposit twice a month for all funds due to you for completed sales. when you set-up your marketplace account, you will provide us with your mailing address or banking information and we will use that issue your payments. user agreement by selling and buying on the ecampus.com marketplace, you are agreeing to our marketplace buyer/seller user agreement. listing your items ecampus.com offers solutions for every business model. our tailored program styles are designed to benefit vendors of all sizes. we can offer you the best possible solution to fit your individual needs. from volume book dealers seeking a sales channel for mass inventory to individual students or readers who have maybe only a handful of books to sell, ecampus has an account that will work for you. small business / individual sellers (less than 100 books) listing method: quick and easy online listing process. no special software or technical knowledge required. benefits: -make you books available to millions of online shoppers in minutes! -listing your books is easy, fast and efficient. -list your items in the ecampus marketplace and process your orders from the convenience of any computer via the internet. requirements: internet ready computer. email access. quality of your books correctly assessing and representing the quality of an item is extremely important. marketplace buyers will be making purchase decisions based on quality ratings. after the sale, they will be rating their experience with each seller based in part on the accuracy of the quality ratings. you are responsible for accurately rating the condition of each item that you list with ecampus.com. to ensure a high seller rating as well as buyer satisfaction, you must rate the condition of listed items fairly and honestly, according to the item rating guidelines we provide. ecampus.com reserves the right to make its own evaluation of an item's quality as well as its own judgment regarding the accuracy of the seller's rating of the item in the event that a buyer makes a complaint. if ecampus.com determines that the seller has misrepresented the item's quality according to the quality rating guidelines we provide, ecampus.com will refund the purchase to the buyer, deduct the sale from the seller's account, and return the item to the seller at the seller's expense. the following are guidelines to be used by sellers to rate their items: item quality new: this item must be able to pass for a brand new item, whether it is or not. for books, the cover binding is clean and shiny, with no creases, scratches or warping of any kind. there is no fading either due to use, aging, or the elements. the interior pages of the book, without exception, are clear of markings, creases, and other damage. for dvds, the dvd must be shrink-wrapped in its original packaging. there may be no damage or scratches on the dvd and it must be fully functional. very good: this item may be able to pass for new at first glance. for books, the cover binding is still clean and shiny; although there may be extremely minor wear on the cover. the pages are clean, whole, and clear of highlighting and underlining, but one or two pages might be slightly creased on the corner. good: although it may be fairly obvious from a glance that this item has been used, it has nevertheless been well cared for. for books, the cover and binding are clean and unmarked. there may be some minor wear on the cover in the form a scratch or a bend at a corner, but otherwise this book is undamaged. the pages are whole and largely not creased, with extremely minimal highlighting; at most one or two highlighted lines per 15 pages of text. there is no underlining or writing at all. average: this item has been well taken care of, but its previous owner has clearly used it frequently. for books, the cover of this book may have scratches or minor bends at the corners, but it is in an overall decent condition. the pages are whole, minimally creased, and characterized by moderate highlighting; no more than five or ten highlighted lines per 5 pages of text. there is a minimal amount of underlining or writing. fair: this item is fully intact, and though it would not soon be mistaken for new. for books, it is not missing any pages nor is its cover in any place detached. there may be scratches and minor surface damage such as pen marking, however this book must still be eminently readable. the pages are whole, though some may be slightly creased or torn, and may be characterized by heavy highlighting, with as much as ten to fifteen highlighted lines per 3 pages of text. unacceptable: this item has been so heavily used and/or badly treated that we cannot authorize its sale on our site. for books, the cover and binding are either badly stained, moldy, or otherwise unclean. books with severely damaged covers and spines are also not acceptable, nor are those with missing pages, multiple torn pages, or stained or illegible pages. if you misrepresent an unacceptable item as something other than what it is we reserve the right to withhold payment for said item should it sell. pricing policy a seller's account balance is determined by the following calculation: selling price of items sold - ecampus commission (15% of your listed price) + shipping reimbursement note: ecampus.com promotes its entire inventory, including marketplace items, on the web sites of marketing partners. should you wish to change the price of an item once it is listed, it may take up to 24 to 48 hours before the price change is reflected on ecampus.com and its partner web sites. in the event that you change the price of an actively listed item and the item sells at the previously listed price (that is, before the pricing update has taken place), your seller balance for that item will be determined according to the previously listed price. in such an event, you can still cancel the order rather than sell the item for the previously listed price. inventory management as a seller on ecampus.com, you are offered multiple ways to manage your inventory. these options vary based on the type of seller account: small business / individual seller: once you have created a seller account, login to list your books for sale. from the login screen, select "click here to start selling" from the menu on the left. you will then be guided through the steps to list each of your items. placing a book for sale on ecampus is as easy as 1, 2, 3... step 1. enter the isbn of the book you want to sell. unfortunately, if the book is not available you won't be able to list it in our marketplace. be sure to enter the isbn correctly. step 2: select the book condition from the drop down menu, write a description of the book (up to 800 characters) and enter the quantity of this book you have to sell. keep in mind that by selecting more than 1, all books will have the same condition and description. step 3: set your price. enter the dollar and cents amount you would like to sell your book for. on this screen, take a moment to review the book information and your book description. if you've made a mistake or would like to change anything, select the back button in your browser to go back and make changes. once everything is correct, select the list book button and your book will instantly become live and available on the ecampus.com marketplace. volume book sellers: as a volume seller, you will be able to provide inventory files via ftp which will be processed every 30 minutes. for volume sellers utilizing the art of books inventory management system, please contact aob_support@ecampus.com to obtain an ftp account. for volume sellers utilizing fillz inventory management system, please contact fillz_support@ecampus.com to obtain an ftp account. if you are a volume seller uploading your own inventory files, please contact marketplace@ecampus.com to obtain an ftp account. if you are a volume dealer and would like to list hundreds, thousands or even millions of titles on our site ecampus offers a direct file transfer process and tools to make selling a breeze. once established as a volume seller, ecampus will create for you an ftp user account.through this direct file connection you will be able to upload and manage your inventory, retrieve orders and process order confirmations. inventory files: bulk inventory files should be created and submitted in a tab or pipe delimited format. they should be named as inventory_yyyymmddhhmmss.txt required fields should be named and placed and the following order: isbn / quantity / price / condition / comments / sku isbn = 10 - 13 digit character string quantity = integer value price = numeric value (no $) condition = integer value selected from list below. see book condition policy. 1 = new 2 = like new 3 = very good 4 = average 5 = fair comments = string value up to 800 characters sku = string value up to 50 characters bulk inventory files are processed every 30 minutes. the existence of a new inventory file will cause the sellers previous listings to be purged and rebuilt using the new inventory file provided. when the inventory is processed, data validation is verified on each line. if there is a problem with any line in the file, a log file will be created listing the errors. marketplace order files: order files are generated hourly if order(s) exist. the files are created in a tab delimited format and are named orders_yyyymmddhhmmss.tab. the order files will include the following named fields in the following order: orderid / orderitemid / catalogid / isbn / condition / price / shippingaddress1 / shippingaddress2 / shippingcity/ shippingstate / shippingzipcode marketplace confirmation files: shipped order confirmation files are required to complete sale transactions.confirmation files will be processed hourly. the files are created in a comma delimited format and are named confirmation_yyyymmddhhmmss.csv. the confirmation file will include the following named fields in the following order: catalog id / action / trackingnumber / shippingmethod catalog id = integer provided by the order file action = {0} to cancel - {1} to confirm trackingnumber = string up to 50 characters shippingmethod = {0} other - {1} usps - {2} ups - {3} dhl - {4} fedex when confirmation are processed, data validation is verified on each line. if there is a problem with any line in the file, a log file will be created listing the errors. when contacting us for your ftp account, please provide us with the email address and screen name of your ecampus marketplace account. if you have any additional questions about how to become a volume seller, please send your request to sellbooks@ecampus.com order processing properly confirming and filling orders is the most important thing a seller does and insures that sellers will have a good customer rating.confirm the order - you will get an email from ecampus.com for every sale you make. when you receive this email, you have 48 hours (excluding weekends and holidays) to confirm that you have the item, and that you will be shipping it within 24 hours. you must confirm the sale by either replying to the email, via your marketplace account or via ftp data file feeds. failure to confirm the order will result in the order being canceled. most importantly, you will not be paid for your sale if you fail to confirm shipment. please note that the confirmation information provided must include a tracking number. shipping your book get ready to ship - shipping your order properly helps to ensure that it arrives in the same condition as you represented it on our web site. print out the marketplace shipping label that we provide you on your marketplace account and attach it to your package. when packaging, securely wrap the items with a protective material, such as bubble wrap, styrofoam, crumpled newspaper or cardboard. place the protected items in a sturdy box or bubble envelope (if appropriate) in order to prevent damage during shipping. ship the items - ship the order via any tracking-enabled method and be sure to make note of the tracking number for your package, as it is necessary to confirm shipment and receive payment. confirm shipment - after shipping the order, log into your marketplace account and enter the tracking number to confirm shipment and begin the payment process. for additional details on shipping methods, please see below: all orders must be shipped in appropriate packing materials designed to minimize the chance of damage during shipping. for a seller's protection in the event of disputes, we highly recommend that sellers insure shipments in order to protect you from loss. the use of insured shipping methods also helps protect all ecampus.com members from fraud. sellers should direct buyers to return damaged items to them so that the seller may file an insurance claim with the shipping carrier. if ecampus.com must refund the buyer in the case of a damaged or lost package (in accordance with the buyer protection policy), the amount of the sale will be deducted from the seller's account balance. if the account balance is not sufficient to cover this deduction, a seller's checking account or credit card may be charged for the amount of the sale. ecampus.com will not reimburse sellers for loss resulting from damaged or missing packages. they must take up that matter with the shipper. the buyer name and address information is provided for the sole purpose of shipping the specific purchased product(s) and may not be used for any other purpose, either in connection with such shipment(s) or separately from such shipment(s). seller payment policy 1. seller payment guidelines 2. the seller account balance 3. seller payment 4. seller account balance adjustments 5. am i held responsible for all chargebacks filed for orders i have fulfilled? seller payment guidelines when you sell on the ecampus.com marketplace you will receive a shipping credit or reimbursement to help cover the costs of shipping. sellers must use a tracking-enabled shipping method to ship all orders. we believe this is best for both reliability and verification. the rates of shipping reimbursement are as follows: standard shipping - $3.00 per book expedited shipping - $5.00 per book 2 day shipping - $7.99 per book 1 day shipping - $16.99 per book if you, as a buyer, have a problem with a purchase, you must first contact the seller through the buyer/seller communication function if one or more of the following conditions exist: - you never received the item. - an item is "materially different" from the way it was rated - a item is materially different if it is damaged, or varies more than two (2) condition descriptions below its listed condition. to learn more about quality conditions, please consult the seller pricing and quality rating policy. - an item is shipped to you incorrectly - i.e. you order one item and get another. the seller account balance see our pricing policy above seller payment seller payments are calculated and made twice monthly. during the 1st week of the month for sales from the 1st-15th of the previous month; and during the 3rd week of the month for sales from the 16th-30th/31st of the previous month. please refer to your seller account to reference current payment information. payments will arrive in the form of a check or direct deposit to the address or bank account that you have indicated in your marketplace account information. new seller policy the first payment for new ecampus.com marketplace sellers will be held for an additional pay period, 15 days. this functionality is in place so we may verify the legitimacy of new sellers on our marketplace and protect our buyers from fraudulent sales. this will only apply to your very first eligible payment cycle for sellers new to the ecampus.com marketlpace. seller account balance adjustments as outlined in our marketplace user agreement, ecampus.com reserves the right to make adjustments to your seller's account balance in the event of a member dispute or fraud. by agreeing to our membership agreement and its incorporated policies, you agree to allow ecampus.com to make these transactions. am i held responsible for all chargebacks filed for orders i have fulfilled? sellers are responsible for chargebacks filed for service related reasons, such as material difference in the merchandise and non-receipt. if a chargeback is received, ecampus.com will investigate the claim and provide the credit card issuer the shipping and tracking information that the seller has already provided to us for the particular marketplace sale (tracking with a signature confirmation is highly recommended). the issuer's decision is final. if you are ruled against, there is no recourse to appeal that decision and all funds for the transaction will be debited from your account. grounds for termination we may terminate your seller account at any point of your order fill rate (cancelled and refunded orders to placed orders) drops below 80%. we also prohibit the listing of international or instructor's editions on our site. if the problem has been resolved, the transaction is considered complete. violations, termination and suspension. we may suspend or end your access to this site, and removal of your listed items if you (a) violate this agreement; (b) do not cooperate with an investigation of a reported violation; (c) we are unable to verify your personal of financial information; or (d) we believe you are involved in illegal activity. payments due you may be suspended while an investigation takes place. we are not obligated to pay you for any sale if we have good reason to believe the items sold were in violation of this agreement. disclosure of information. unlawful conduct may be reported to law enforcement officials in accordance with the ecampus.com privacy policy, and, as previously stated, we will cooperate fully in order to insure prosecution of offenders. making adjustments. you authorize us to withhold payment for any moneys you owe use if one of the following situations is true: (a) a sale is canceled; (b) an adjustment is made according to our buyer protection policy; (c) we have reason to believe you committed an illegal act during the buying or selling process; or (d) you owe us a specific amount for whatever reason. buyer protection policy for information on our buyer protection policy, please visit the buyer protection policy section of our help desk. seller rating buyers are given an opportunity to leave feedback for sellers that they have had a purchasing experience with. this feedback is made in the form of a rating scale with associated comments. all future buyers who visit the ecampus.com web site can view these ratings and comments. the following scale applies: 5 stars - excellent 4 stars - very good 3 stars - good 2 stars - fair 1 stars - poor buyers may not use the seller rating system as a forum for personal assaults on individual sellers. we are looking for critiques of the purchased item that reflect on the seller's rating of the item's quality and other purchase-related themes. providing accurate feedback regarding your own purchasing experiences is important to our process of rating our sellers and so to your overall shopping experience at ecampus.com. ecampus.com is not legally responsible for the remarks that users post on its site, even if those remarks are defamatory. ecampus.com provides its seller ratings as a place where users can express their opinions, and ecampus.com will not censor these opinions, or investigate the remarks for accuracy. however, there are a few limited circumstances where ecampus.com will remove ratings: - ratings that contain any link to another page, picture, or javascript. - the seller rating contains profane or vulgar language, or adult material. inflammatory language, such as "fraud, liar, cheater, scam artist, con man" etc. is strongly discouraged. - ratings that contains personal identifying information about a user, including real name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. - ratings that makes any reference to an ecampus.com or law enforcement organization investigation, i.e., "ecampus.com is investigating this person". - if ecampus.com is provided with a valid court order finding that the disputed feedback is slanderous, libelous, defamatory or otherwise illegal, or with a settlement agreement resolving such a lawsuit submitted by both attorneys and signed by both parties, ecampus.com will remove the disputed feedback. - ecampus.com will also accept a ruling from a certified dispute resolution service if a signed settlement agreement, overseen by the certified dispute resolution service, is submitted. - members are permitted to leave feedback for sellers up to ninety (90) days after the confirmation date of the referenced order. feedback left after ninety days will be subject to review and possible deletion by ecampus.com. business services affiliate program earning money through the ecampus.com affiliate program is an easy and free way to boost your site's value by directing visitors to resources they can utilize. we provide you with a variety of banners, buttons, and text links to choose from. simply add these links to your site, email, and/or newsletter, and earn a 5%-7% commission every time you refer a visitor to our site who makes a purchase. the more people you send to us, the more you earn!. please visit our affiliate program section to learn more. virtual bookstore program the ecampus.com virtual bookstore program tackles many of the different problems facing brick-and-mortar bookstores and universities around the country. through this program, schools can set up a custom virtual bookstore for their students, faculty, administration and alumni with no cost and no work required. we coordinate with the school's faculty and administration to make sure all of the book lists are correct and that all of those books are in-stock and ready to ship. this allows the student to search for their books by course as opposed to authors and titles. with this program schools can make commissions that are paid directly to them. also, in most cases, we will buy back your students' textbooks. bulk sales ecampus.com gladly accommodates schools, bookstores, or faculty members that want to purchase large quantities of items. if you need quantities of 20 or more of a single item, please contact our bulk sales department. books must be at least $5.00 each to qualify for bulk discounts. please send your request and contact information to bulksales@ecampus.com or call us toll free at 888-388-9909, choose menu option 1, and then dial extension 6812, and we will reply promptly to arrange discounts or favorable payment terms for you or your organization. how to place a bulk order placing an order with bulk sales is easy! simply click here, fill out our order form, print it and fax it to the bulk sales department at 859-514-5278. we normally respond with a pricing and delivery quote within 72 hours of receiving your request. each quote is good for 20 days. price quotes for books vary per title and requested quantity. the prices shown on our site for dvds, vhs videos and apparel cannot be discounted further for bulk ordering. to request a bulk order quote click here. college marketing would your company like to connect with the college student market? we can place your coupons, flyers or samples in the hands of this powerful consumer group for just pennies per customer. if you would like to learn more about how ecampus.com can help you get more for your marketing dollar please click here and fill out the form to contact us for more information. about our history what is the fastest and most convenient way to get a textbook into the hands of a college student? to answer that question, a group of people began a series of meetings on january 20, 1999 and ecampus.com was born. the more we talked the more we came up with new ideas for service and convenience. by february 1st we were writing code - including code for what we think was the first "traveling book bag" on the internet. we incorporated on april 16, 1999 and began to move into our headquarters. ecampus.com officially went live at approximately 11:20 am, friday, july 2, 1999. as the site grew in scope and capability others joined us. development teams emerged. designs and ideas were discussed, developed and adopted. on july 18, 2001, ecampus.com experienced a "re-birth" when a book company, llc, purchased the ecampus.com name and domain. our commitment is as strong as ever to provide our customers with affordable textbooks and stuff - perhaps while having a little fun along the way. today, ecampus.com is a fully operational e-commerce business designed to provide the highest-quality products and services to students and campus communities wherever they happen to be. ecampus.com now offers the absolute widest online selection of textbook alternatives including purchasing new, used and digital textbooks from ecampus.com directly; buying from sellers on our student marketplace, or simply renting your textbooks for the semester. of course, the history of ecampus.com will never be fully written because our web-store will never be completely finished. we constantly improve the way our site works and the services and merchandise we can provide. investor relations ecampus.com is a subsidiary of a book company, llc, a privately-owned company founded in 2001. for additional information contact matt montgomery at mmontgomery@ecampus.com payment credit card we currently accept visa, master card, american express, and discover for payment of online purchases.we also accept most debit cards, as they can be used just like a credit card. to place an order using your debit card, enter all the information at checkout exactly as it appears on your card. under "type of credit card," enter the affiliation that appears on your debit card (most likely visa or mastercard). a book co. will be the merchant name appearing on your card statement. bill me later this service provides our shoppers with 90 days to pay with no interest when paid in full in 90 days. to qualify for the bill me later service the purchase total must be over $250. paypal on the payment page, select paypal as your method of payment. you will be redirected to paypal's web site to confirm the financial details of the transaction or create an account if you don't have an existing one. once you confirm your payment via paypal, you will return to ecampus.com to finish placing your order. paypal is a safe and easy way to make a secure online payment. it allows online shoppers to enter and store credit card and billing information in one place, thereby eliminating the need to store and update this information on multiple sites. click here to set up a paypal account prior to placing your order. at this time, we are unable to accept paypal as a payment method for textbook rentals. check or money order payments may also be made by check or money order, but will not be processed in our system until the check or money order has cleared our financial instiution. if you would like to place your order in this method, we will need the following information: isbn of the item you would like to order. title of the isbn. quantity of the isbn you would like to order. your shipping address. your shipping method preference. a contact email address and phone number. for information on how to pay with a check or money order, email eservice@ecampus.com. note: orders paid for by check or money order will not be processed or shipped until payment clears our financial institution. purchase order agreement at ecampus.com we allow our shoppers to pay through purchase order agreements. if you haven't already established an account with us, you'll first need to print out this form and fax it to the bulk sales department at 859-514-5278. once your account is set up, you simply fill out our order form and choose the purchase order payment option. for privately funded agencies/companies, use this credit application. for government/state funded agencies, use this credit application. gift cards ecampus.com accepts gift cards, to use one input the gift card number as a coupon code during the payment process as you finish placing your order. what is ccv? ccv is a new authentication scheme established by credit card companies to further efforts towards reducing fraudulent internet transactions. it consists of requiring a card holder to enter the ccv number in at transaction time to verify that the card is on hand. visa & mastercard: this number is printed on your cards in the signature area of the back of the card. (it is the last 3 digits after the credit card number in the signature area of the card). american express: this number is printed on the front of your card. (it is the last 4 digits). storing your billing information to make shopping easier and faster, we can save account holders' credit card and billing address information securely. if you would like to save your credit card information for future purchases, check the box that says "save?" after entering your credit card information and we will store this securely for your next purchase. if you do not select the checkbox, you will have to re-enter this information to make your next purchase. shipping shipping rates & options united states postal service (4-8 business days) $3.00 per shipment + $0.99 per item items may be shipped by a variety of carriers items may be shipped to apo/fpo and po box addresses (except on rental orders) some carriers may deliver on saturday ups standard shipping (1-5 business days) $4.24 per shipment + $2.74 per item no weekend delivery no po boxes or apo/fpo no shipments to us territories (guam, virgin islands, puerto rico) no shipments to alaska or hawaii two day shipping (2 business days) $11.00 per shipment + $3.99 per item no weekend delivery no po boxes or apo/fpo no shipments to us territories (guam, virgin islands, puerto rico) alaska and hawaii add $10.00 per shipment one day shipping (1 business day) $18.00 per shipment + $6.99 per item no weekend delivery no po boxes or apo/fpo no shipments to us territories (guam, virgin islands, puerto rico) alaska and hawaii add $15.00 per shipment not available for marketplace items ups express (canada) $22.99 per shipment + $5.99 per item 2-3 business days recipient is responsible for import fees due upon delivery. (taxes, duties, tariffs, etc) ups express (all other countries) $49.99 per shipment + $5.99 per item 2-3 business days recipient is responsible for import fees due upon delivery. (taxes, duties, tariffs, etc) free shipping offer we are currently offering free shipping on all orders over $59*. to receive free shipping you will need to select united states postal service as your shipping preference. *bulk sales, po's, marketplace items, ebooks, apparel and dvd's not included. tracking your package we will notify you with your usps delivery confirmation number or ups tracking number when your package is shipped out of our distribution center. you can click the link provided in the email or use one of the links listed below: u.s. postal service delivery confirmation: http://www.usps.com/shipping/trackandconfirm.htmphone: 1-800-ask-usps (1-800-275-8777) ups package tracking: http://www.ups.com/tracking/tracking.htmlphone: 1-800-pick-ups (1-800-742-5877) orders placed after 11 am est will not begin processing until the next business day returns return policy to return a book you purchased from ecampus.com, you must visit www.ecampus.com/returns to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. this rma must be obtained to process your returns correctly. if you are returning a rental book, please visit www.ecampus.com/return-my-rental. most of the items you purchase from ecampus.com can be returned for a refund (excluding shipping charges and 10% restocking fee) for up to 25 days after the date of shipment. on the front of your packing slip, you will find the final date that any items per shipment will be accepted as a return in our distribution center. returns that are returned to ecampus.com beyond the printed date will not be accepted, destroyed, and recycled. note: ebooks and access codes are non-refundable. returned items must be received to ecampus.com in the condition of original shipment. shrink-wrapped items cannot be returned if the wrapping is broken, unless the items are defective. we will not accept items for return with open diskette packages, cd-roms, dvds, and cds. any returned item that does not meet our return expectations may not be accepted, shredded, and recycled. used books are considered in good condition even when they contain highlighting, margin notes or other markings. we cannot guarantee that additional materials originally included in a package if purchased new will be included with your purchase of a used package. for more information about our used book policy, please visit this page. all returned items on orders will be assessed an industry standard 10% restocking fee for returned purchases. return compensation will be applied to the original credit card used within 30 days of the receipt of your package. marketplace returns books or merchandise purchased through the ecampus.com marketplace may not be returned to our distribution center for processing or refunds. if you need to return a marketplace purchase, please contact the seller directly for permission and return instructions. sellers may be contacted by logging in to the my account section of our website. the seller contact link will be listed as the seller name below the title of the item purchased. rental returns most of the items you rent from ecampus.com can be returned for a refund (excluding shipping charges and 10% restocking fee.) items must be received in our returns facility within 25 days of the original ship date to be eligible for this refund. returned items must be in the condition of original shipment. shrink-wrapped items cannot be returned if the wrapping is broken. we will not accept items for return if you open diskette packages, cd-rom's, dvd's, and cd's. any returned item that does not meet our return expectations may not be accepted and recycled. to return your rental, simply log in to your account and select the returns/return my rental section or you can just use this link, www.ecampus.com/returnmyrental. from there, select to return your rental and print the required packing slip and the prepaid ups shipping label. ebook returns due to the nature of the item, ebook purchases are not eligible for return or refund under any circumstances as stated in your shopping cart, during the checkout process, and other areas of our website. also, we cannot guarantee that supplements that might be included with a new textbook purchase such as dvds, cd roms, study guides, passkeys to alternate websites, etc, will be included with your etextbook purchase. we apologize if this causes any inconvenience. how to send us your returns be sure to pack your items carefully for shipment so they will not be damaged in transit. we recommend returning your items via ups ground or insured mail. make sure that you keep a copy of the tracking number and rma number for your records. ecampus.com is not responsible for any books or merchandise lost or damaged en route to our distribution center. you must visit www.ecampus.com/returns to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) number. this rma must be obtained to process your returns correctly. if this is not provided, your return credit may be delayed or could be unable to be applied. affiliate program browse book categories bulk orders buy textbooks careers contact us ecampus blog ecampus coupons gift certificates help desk link to us marketplace media order status our bookstores press rent textbooks return policy sell textbooks shipping site map terms & conditions textbooks virtual bookstores need help? copyright © 1999-2013