来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250501091624/https://www.ecampus.com/help/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms and conditions - help desk | ecampus.com we're sorry, but ecampus.com doesn't work properly without javascript. either your device does not support javascript or you do not have javascript enabled. how to enable javascript in your browser. need help? call 1-855-252-4222 blog | return my rental | marketplace | customer service | my account | cart (0) toggle navigation search cart (0) rent buy sell etextbooks sign in to my account quick links blog return my rental marketplace customer service search free shipping on orders over $35!* now accepting venmo & paypal top help desk browse rental user agreement disclaimer shop securely web site user agreement collecting and using personal information terms and conditions digital content terms and conditions rental user agreement this rental user agreement is considered to be a contract between you and ecampus.com. by placing an order, you agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, our privacy policy, our terms of use, and any other documents incorporated into the website. you agree that this user agreement is legally binding between you and ecampus.com. ecampus.com may modify this agreement from time to time. any modification shall be effective upon posting on the website. you agree to be bound to any changes to this agreement when you use the website or the service after the change is posted. by placing your rental order with ecampus.com, you agree to use ecampus.com's online rental returns process and to return the rented merchandise to ecampus.com using the printable, prepaid ups shipping label that is provided as part of that process. you agree that failing to use ecampus.com's online rental returns process and/or the provided shipping label may cause delays and additional fees to be assessed. you agree that you are responsible for remembering the rental return date and returning the rental to us within the timeframe specified. a valid, active credit or debit card which is tied to a financial institution is required for any rental transaction. ecampus.com accepts visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. you hereby acknowledge and agree that ecampus.com may charge you for any lost, stolen, or damaged books associated with your account. ecampus.com will charge an additional amount to your credit or debit card if you choose to buy any rented book at any time during the rental period. by using ecampus.com, you agree to the storing of your credit or debit card information and you also agree to any additional charges specified in this agreement or on this website, including, without limitation, the new list price as indicated on our site at the time of the charge resulting from damage, lost or stolen books, auto-extensions, and/or unreturned books. you agree that we may, at our sole discretion, send your account to a collection agency if you fail to pay all fees due to ecampus.com. you agree not to hold ecampus.com responsible in the event ecampus.com does not credit or debit your credit or debit card for a period of time due to circumstances beyond our control. ecampus.com makes no guarantees regarding the processing time for charges. you agree to keep your credit card or debit card in good standing during the term of your rental. ecampus.com reserves the right to charge your card a fee of any amount leading up to but not exceeding the new list price as indicated on our site at the time of the charge for a book that is not returned. ecampus.com reserves the right to attempt a re-charge of a declined credit/debit card periodically, at any time and for any number of attempts, to collect amounts outstanding on your account. additionally, if the primary credit/debit card on file with your account is declined, ecampus.com reserves the right to charge any other credit/debit cards, or other payment sources such as financial aid or buyback credit, that may be associated with your account to satisfy any unpaid late fees. ecampus.com is not responsible for overdraft or other penalties/fees a customer may incur for such charges (or attempted charges). if, after these attempts, the amounts owed are still not paid, then ecampus.com reserves the right to place you into collection status. collections may be done by ecampus.com or a third party on ecampus.com's behalf. please contact customer service if you have any questions. returning your rental in connection with your rental order, you will select a rental return date. the rental return date will appear on your order confirmation as well as in the order details displayed in the "my account" section of the ecampus.com website. by placing your rental order with ecampus.com, you agree to use ecampus.com's online rental returns process and to return the rented merchandise to ecampus.com using the printable, prepaid ups shipping label that is provided as part of that process. you agree that failing to use ecampus.com's online rental returns process and/or the provided shipping label may result in you not getting credit for your rental return. you agree that you are responsible for remembering the rental return date and returning the rental to us within the timeframe specified. to avoid additional charges, your return shipments must be scanning within the ups package tracking system by the rental return date. a valid, active credit card is required for any rental transaction. ecampus.com accepts visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. ecampus.com will store your credit card information and you acknowledge and agree that ecampus.com may charge you for any lost, stolen, damaged or unreturned rented merchandise. you also agree to allow ecampus.com to charge this card any additional amount if you choose to buy a rented textbook at anytime during the rental period, and for any extension fees or replacement fees associated with your rental. in the case of rental orders partially or fully paid for with a non-credit card payment source, ecampus.com will process an authorization against the credit card provided equal to the amount of rental charges in order to validate the authenticity of the credit card provided. once the book is in your possession, you are responsible for its condition. damage to a rented book is defined as any condition that makes the book unusable as a future rental. such conditions include any water damage, a broken spine, missing pages, missing or torn covers, excessive highlighting (more than 1/2 of the content), excessive or inappropriate notes or any other such condition that makes the book unsuitable for future use. a fee will be charged to the credit card on file of any customer returning a damaged book and the book will not be returned to you. the fee will be assessed at the discretion of ecampus.com and may up to the replacement fee of the book. disclaimer as a user of this website you acknowledge that you are using it at your sole risk. ecampus.com provides this site and its contents on an "as is" basis, and makes no claims or warranties of any kind with respect to the site or its contents. to the maximum extent permitted by law, ecampus.com disclaims all such representations and warranties, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. in addition, ecampus.com does not represent or warrant that the information or merchandise provided through this site is accurate, complete or current. booklists, course information, prices and availability information are subject to change at any time without notice. except as specifically stated on this website, under no legal theory, tort, contract, or otherwise, ecampus.com nor any of its directors, employees, merchants, content providers or any other party involved in the creation or maintenance of this site is liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use this site. the listing of colleges and universities is purely informational and does not necessarily imply that ecampus.com is sanctioned by any particular institution or that there is any relationship between ecampus.com and any of the institutions listed. ecampus.com reserves the right at its discretion to change or modify these terms and conditions at any time, effective immediately upon notification on this website. ecampus.com may change, suspend, or eliminate all or any aspect of this website at any time, including the availability of any feature, database, or content, without prior notice or liability. your use of this website constitutes binding acceptance of these terms and conditions, including any changes or modifications made as permitted above. if at any time you no longer agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, please cease to use this website immediately. shop securely because ecampus.com uses some of the most sophisticated security software commercially available, it is extremely unlikely that any personal information that you transmit to us will be misappropriated. ecampus.com employs the latest version of secure socket layer technology (ssl) to encrypt your information and help assure that only you and ecampus.com ever see it. if your web browser does not permit a secure connection, ecampus.com will not accept your credit card information. your browser should display a "lock" or a "key" icon in the lower left-hand corner of your screen when a secure connection is made. typically, the url bar on the top of your browser will show the first characters as "https" when a secure connection is established and "http" when it is not. always contact your credit card company if you suspect a card has been stolen or used without authorization. web site user agreement ecampus.com ("ecampus.com") maintains this site (the "site") for your individual entertainment, information, education, communication and/or purchasing convenience. feel free to browse the site. you may download material displayed on the site but only for non-commercial, individual, personal use only, and also provided you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on all materials. you may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report or use the contents of the site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio and/or video without ecampus.com's written permission. your proceeding beyond the link from the home page of the site constitutes your express consent and agreement to these provisions. your access and use of the site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("terms and conditions") and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. any other agreement, oral, written, or electronic, between you and ecampus.com and relating to these matters is superseded by this agreement and is of no force or effect. collecting and using personal information when you create an account on ecampus.com, we'll ask you for your name, email address, and that you create a unique password. this information allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. occasionally, we may use your email address to deliver information regarding important functionality changes to our website, new services, and special offers that might be of interest to you. you are able to review the information you provided to us and make any desired changes to the information by logging in to your account and editing or deleting the information. you also may be able to limit the information you receive from us by adjusting your settings. in accordance with the can-spam act of 2003, all promotional emails will provide you with a direct unsubscribe link in the footer. ecampus.com uses your purchasing information for the purpose of providing you a more efficient shopping experience and to make our recommendations about books and other merchandise that you may find interesting. we also monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the content, design, and layout of the web site. terms and conditions 1.everything you see or read on the site is protected under united states and world wide copyright laws treaty provisions unless otherwise noted. nothing on the site may be used except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the text on the site without the written permission of ecampus.com. ecampus.com neither warrants nor represents that your use of any materials displayed on the site will be free from infringement of the rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with ecampus.com. while ecampus.com uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the site, ecampus.com makes no warranty or representation as to its accuracy and assumes no liability for any errors or omissions in anything you see or read on the site. 2.you use the site at your risk. ecampus.com is not responsible for technical, hardware or software failures of any kind; lost or unavailable network connections; incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions. under no circumstances will ecampus.com or its suppliers be liable for any damages or injury that result from the use of materials on this site. neither ecampus.com nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, punitive or other damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the site or any of its contents. without limiting the foregoing, everything on the site is provided to you without warranty of merchantability, warranty of fitness for any particular purpose, warranty of noninfringement, or any other warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. ecampus.com also shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing, or downloading materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from, the site. 3.any communications or materials you transmit to the site, either electronically or otherwise, including without limitation, data, questions, comments, suggestions, biographical information or the like is, and we will treat as non confidential and nonproprietary. any such communication or material you transmit or post may be used by ecampus.com or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, sale, use and posting. ecampus.com is also free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques or other information contained in any communication you send to the site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. 4.ecampus.com either uses with permission or owns all of the images displayed on the site. you may not use those images unless expressly and specifically permitted by these terms and conditions, or specific permission is expressly provided elsewhere in the site. any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes, and ecampus.com expressly reserves all rights it may have with respect to those images under any of those laws, regulations and/or statutes. 5.all trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively, the "trademarks") displayed on the site are registered and unregistered trademarks of ecampus.com and others. nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the site without written permission of ecampus.com or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on the site. you are strictly prohibited from misusing any trademark displayed on the site or any other content on the site. you are advised that ecampus.com aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. 6.although the site links to various other sites, ecampus.com has not reviewed, or may not have reviewed the current version of, all of the sites so linked. in any event, ecampus.com is not responsible for the content of any other sites, offsite pages, or other locations linked to the site. if you link to any other offsite page, site, or other location, you do so at your own risk. 7.information on this site includes a description of products available in the united states of america, its territories and in certain foreign countries. this site is operated in the commonwealth of kentucky, united states of america. ecampus.com makes no representation that content provided at this web site is applicable or appropriate for use outside of the united states of america, its territories or the particular foreign countries that are specifically identified at this web site as countries where products will be made available. 8.although ecampus.com may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the site, ecampus.com is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained from any information contained within such locations on the site. you are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. further, in no case may you create any kind of hyperlink to the web site without the prior written consent of ecampus.com. ecampus.com will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing ecampus.com to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials. 9.ecampus.com may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting. you are bound by such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and conditions to which you are and will be bound. 10.the terms and conditions of this web site are governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of commonwealth of kentucky, united states of america, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. if any part of these terms and conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. 11.ecampus.com may terminate this agreement at any time without notice for any reason. users may terminate this agreement by destroying all materials obtained from this web site. specific sales tax exceptions ecampus.com does not collect sales or use taxes for all states. certain states impose sales or use tax on all transactions made over the internet. customers in oklahoma, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee, and vermont should be aware of the following laws. oklahoma: customers who purchase in oklahoma are able to report and pay applicable taxes via the oklahoma individual income tax return (form 511) or by filing a consumer use tax return (form 21-1). these forms and associated instructions are available from the oklahoma tax commission website, www.tax.ok.gov. we are required to provide this notice for oklahoma purchases as a result of oklahoma law (hb 2359), enacted in june of 2010. south carolina: south carolina customers may owe use taxes on their purchases. you may either visit www.sctax.org to pay this use tax or report and pay the use taxes directly on your south carolina income tax form. we are required to provide this notice for south carolina purchases as a result of south carolina law section 12-36-2691(e)(1). south dakota: customers purchasing in south dakota may owe use taxes for their purchases made online. the applicable use tax form and instructions are available on the south dakota department of revenue website. we are required to provide this notice for south dakota purchases as a result of south dakota law (sb 146), enacted in april of 2011. tennessee: tennessee customers may owe use taxes for their purchase unless an existing exemption exists under tennessee law. purchases made via the internet are not exempt under current tennessee laws. payment for applicable tennessee use tax (t.c.a. § 67-6-210) are able to be made through the tennessee department of revenue's website at https://apps.tn.gov/usetax. vermont: customers purchasing in vermont owe use tax for their purchases made online due to vermont state law. the applicable use tax form and instructions are available on the vermont department of taxes website. we are required to provide this notice for vermont purchases as a result of vermont law (h 436), enacted in may of 2011. digital content ecampus.com grants you a non-assignable, non-transferable, limited license to use the digital content provided by ecampus suppliers ("digital content") for your personal, non-commercial use, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the applicable eula and these terms. you shall not: redistribute, repackage, transmit, assign, sell, broadcast, publicly display, rent, share, lend, modify, extract, reveal, adapt, edit, sub-license and/or otherwise transfer or misuse the digital content; use the digital content for synchronization, public performance, promotional use, commercial sale, resale, reproduction and/or distribution; infringe the rights of the digital content's copyright owners; and/or use the software or any other means to download and/or save digital content on public internet terminals, shared devices, and/or public computers unless specified as a permitted use in the relevant software eula and only if permitted by digital content suppliers. violation of any of the above restrictions may result in a termination of your ability to access the digital content. ecampus reserves any and all rights or remedies that may be available in the event of your breach of these terms. ecampus.com reserves the right to modify or discontinue the offering of any digital content, including, without limitation, e-books, digital study guides and applications at any time. if you receive as part of your order access codes, passwords or downloads for online ebooks or publisher created online digital services content; then, when activating the codes, downloading content or logging in to access or use digital content, you may be required to agree to certain additional terms and conditions before you may access the digital content. read the digital content terms for each digital content you rent or purchase, as different digital content may come with different restrictions or may be updated from time to time. if there is an express conflict between the digital content terms and these terms of use, the digital content terms supersede the terms of use only to the extent of your use of the relevant digital content. « back about us accessibility affiliate program influencer program brand assets bulk orders careers blog coupons ewards gift cards help desk isbn lookup marketplace press price match privacy policy site map terms & conditions online bookstores facebook twitter tiktok instagram ecampus blog linkedin need help?    copyright © 1999-2025