来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091231081239/http://www.personalizationmall.com:80/blog
================================================================================

the gifting blog home about contact the gifting blog the art of gift-giving new year… new resolutions! it happens every year about this time.  all of us reevaluate our current state, and vow to make improvements – whether it’s our weight, our finances, or even our clutter – we resolve to make a fresh beginning.  it sounds like a great idea, but how to stick to the plan – that’s the difficult part.  after all. old habits are hard to break! perhaps we shouldn’t be so hard on ourselves! baby steps are much easier to handle than giant leaps.  if we keep our resolutions small and simple, they may actually be attainable!  and here’s one easy resolution to get you started… in 2010, let’s resolve to be better organized… and here’s a product to help – our personalized calendar mouse pad serves double duty, as resting place for your computer mouse, but also as a quick and easy calendar reference for the entire year.  and you can even add an inspiring quote of your choice at the top!  this mouse pad is great when you’re on the phone, and need to check a date. keep one at every computer – at home and the office! ta-da!  you’re more organized!  now that was simple!  congrats! happy 2010 everyone! posted on thursday, december 24, 2009 12:17 pmcomments(0) more capture magical holiday moments! well, here we are… the week of christmas, and the holiday celebrations are in full gear!  while it’s a very busy time of year, be sure to savor the simple pleasures of the season – the beauty of snowfall, the innocence of children, and the warm greetings that we share with everyone we meet! holiday gatherings are the perfect time to take photos of family and friends, so be sure to bring your camera everywhere you go.  here are a few tips to help make the most of this special time of year: 1.  be candid.  some of the best images are those captured when no one is looking, like that surprised face when opening a present or a group singing and dancing.  digital cameras make it easy to edit later, so snap away! 2.  get down on their level.  if you’re shooting snapshots of children or pets, move to their eye level, so you capture the real energy and feelings of the moment. 3. use plain backgrounds.  reducing the distractions will make your subjects stand out more. 4. move in close.  get as close to your subjects as you can.  but sometimes, people don’t like to be photographed, so that’s when your zoom feature comes in handy! 5. take vertical photos.  often, people forget to turn their camera, but vertical shots can be more appropriate (and more interesting) with certain subjects. today’s photos will become tomorrow’s keepsakes, especially with the great collection of photo gifts that we offer… one of our most popular photo gifts is our photo sentiments personalized ornament, with any 2-line message appearing under your favorite snapshot.  from photo mugs to photo golf balls, we have something for everyone!  and photo gifts always bring the brightest smiles! happy holidays & happy photo shooting! tags tags: photo gifts posted on sunday, december 20, 2009 7:31 amcomments(0) more let the holiday gift-giving begin! over the next few weeks, there will be a plethora of holiday parties – from work parties, to cookie exchanges, to cocktails with friends.  many gifts will be changing hands, so how do you make yours stand out in the crowd?  we have a few ideas: * bring the party host or hostess a bottle of wine, presented with our new personalized wine bottle tag.  they will appreciate it later, when several new bottles are all standing next to each other! * package your homemade cookies in our personalized cookie tins.  choose from designs with or without a photo.  they are perfect for neighborhood cookies exchanges or shipping cookies, candies, or other treats to long-distance loved ones! * simplify your gift-wrapping with our personalized gift tags. already printed with your name, so you only have to add the name of the gift recipient!  add your photo to these too, for a fun finishing touch! have yourself a personalized holiday! posted on wednesday, december 09, 2009 4:57 pmcomments(0) more top holiday gift ideas… personalized for everyone on your list!  we’ve gathered some of our top picks to give you a head start on your holiday shopping!  all with free personalization and shipping in 1-2 days! top gift for grandparentour loving hearts personalized frame – present your grandparents with this adorable engraved frame, featuring each family member’s name. add a special photo of the grandchildren for a wonderful finishing touch. top teacher gift inspiring dreams personalized teacher mug –fill it with their favorite candy, nuts, coffee or even a gift card!  remember one for each teacher! top gift for kids junior chef personalized kid’s apron -- boys and girls alike love to help out in the kitchen. our personalized aprons keep the mess to a minimum, while they have fun.  add our junior cookbook, too, to get them started! top gift for ladiesembroidered pink robe & cosmetic bag -- who doesn’t like a little pampering?  our comfy waffle spa robe does just that, especially with her first name embroidered across the front.  complete the gift with the matching cosmetic bag or slippers. top guy giftherrington engraved silver pocket watch – add your own personal message inside! perfect for dad, grandpa, or any special fellow. tags tags: christmas posted on monday, november 30, 2009 2:05 pmcomments(0) more time to give thanks! this thursday, we celebrate the holiday of thanksgiving!  it’s the perfect opportunity to reflect on how truly blessed we are – as a country, as a family, and as friends.   times are tough for many folks this year, but we have to remain positive and be hopeful for a better tomorrow.  recently, a friend shared the following reflection with me, and it touched my heart: 'may today there be peace within. may you trust that you are exactly where you are meant to be. may you not forget the infinite possibilities that are born of faith in yourself and others. may you use the gifts that you have received, and pass on the love that has been given to you. may you be content with yourself just the way you are. let this knowledge settle into your bones, and allow your soul the freedom to sing, dance, praise and love. it is there for each and every one of us.' what a wonderful thought to share around the dinner table this thanksgiving!  i wish all of you a happy and blessed holiday! (enjoy a moment of peace before the christmas countdown starts!) posted on monday, november 23, 2009 4:04 pmcomments(0) more photo gifts sure to make them smile! before you know it, you’ll be making your holiday list, wondering what to give mom, dad, grandpa joe, and everyone else this year!  here’s my helpful hint for a gift that’s easy to create and sure to please – personalized photo gifts, starring your favorite faces!  a gift personalized with a special snapshot means so much more than another sweater… and it will bring lasting memories for years to come.  they make fun gifts for family and friends of all ages! here are the top 10 photo gifts that we offer.  we make each one easy to order, and you even get to see a preview of your photo gift before you buy it!  get out your camera, start snapping, and let the shopping begin! top ten photo gifts: 1. photo ornament 2. photo coffee mug 3. photo cookie tin 4. photo keychain 5. photo canvas print 6. photo puzzle 7. photo mouse pad 8. photo tie 9. photo golf balls 10. photo cookie jar tags: photo gifts posted on wednesday, november 11, 2009 11:29 amcomments(0) more the stockings were hung by the chimney… nothing captures the excitement of childhood quite like memories of christmas morning. from the moment the leaves begin to change colors, the countdown to christmas begins and kids everywhere dream of all the toys and goodies santa might leave for them in their christmas stockings! no festive christmas décor would be complete without those carefully hung christmas stockings. for generations, this timeless holiday tradition has been celebrated but the plain old red and white stockings just won’t do anymore. now you can make your kids’ christmas morning extra special with a personalized christmas stocking made just for them! imagine the excitement on their faces as they rush over to the mantle to a christmas stocking with their own name on it. there will never be any confusion over whose stocking is whose – each child will feel special knowing those christmas gifts were chosen just for them. at personalizationmall.com, we have a great selection of personalized christmas stockings with all their favorite holiday designs. from snowmen and angels to snowflakes and elves, you’re sure to find the perfect christmas stocking for your child! each stocking is personalized with top quality embroidery to create a lasting keepsake that they can treasure year after year. complement their new stocking with a personalized stocking holder, and they will always have a special place to hang their stocking without ever leaving nail marks on the mantle! beautifully engraved stocking holders are sure to fit in with any holiday décor. find the right personalized christmas stocking today and one day your little one may hang that special stocking on a mantle of their own and fondly remember the christmas celebrations of their youth. tags: christmas posted on monday, november 09, 2009 1:27 pmcomments(0) more trim your tree with family tradition! before you know it, it will be time to unpack the holiday decorations and create a festive feel all around the house.  one of the fun traditions we enjoy at my house during the holiday season is an ornament exchange.  each family member pulls a name, and they have to find a unique ornament for that person. it becomes an exciting challenge, to find just the right one, based on that person’s interests or hobbies!  everyone takes pride in “outdoing” the others! at personalizationmall.com, we offer a huge selection of exclusive personalized christmas ornaments for all ages and interests! from sophisticated glass or silver ornaments to vibrant full color designs, there are ornaments for every style and interest. for the sportsman on your list to the shop-a-holic, we have almost every theme covered!  then add names, a special message or even photos to create one of a kind personalized christmas ornaments that will be treasured for years. whether it’s for an ornament exchange or to commemorate important milestones, like a new baby or newlyweds, personalized christmas ornaments make great gifts, or to decorate your own tree!  you can even start a family tradition of creating a new ornament  to celebrate each year! one of our most popular new ornaments for 2009 is our family tree© engraved glass ornament, personalized with each member’s name, along with any year.  a great gift idea for mom or any holiday party hostess! and this week only, save on our entire collection of 2009 personalized ornaments!  let the holiday memories begin! tags: christmas posted on monday, october 26, 2009 11:15 amcomments(0) more a few of your favorite things! we all have our favorite places… to eat, shop, visit… and when we find a place we love, we want to share it with everyone else! recently we added a new “ratings and reviews” feature to our website, to let our customers share their opinions on their recent gift purchases. as a frequent online shopper, i love this feature when i’m browsing the web.  if i’m narrowing down my search for something, i make a habit of checking the reviews listed.  of course, i don’t believe everything i read, but if similar comments are made by several people, i tend to trust them. after all, why would they take the time out of their busy day to even make the comment? at first, we were concerned that it would take some time to gather reviews – after all, we offer thousands of personalized gifts!  but we were pleasantly surprised to see how quickly customers submitted their feedback, and we couldn’t be happier with the results!  of course, we believe every gift we sell is high-quality and that our service is wonderful, but all that really matters is what our customers think.  the overwhelming response has been very positive so far, and we are using any negative comments as a way to learn and improve. one of our highest rated personalized photo frames! we hope that personalizationmall.com is one of your “favorite” places to shop for personalized gifts!  and we can’t wait to hear from you!  after your next purchase, please take a moment to let us know how we did.  we strive to exceed your expectations each and every time!  but you need to keep us on our toes if we don’t!  happy shopping! tags: product ratings posted on monday, october 19, 2009 9:33 amcomments(1) more say i love you every day! we all live extremely busy lives, racing from home to work, then back again, while we squeeze in our endless “to do” list in between!  that leaves little time for just doing nothing.  but it’s important to just do nothing,  and it’s even more important to do nothing with those you love!  whether it’s your significant other, your child, or your mom, spending time with those you love is the more precious gift you can give them! with sweetest day around the corner, take a moment to do something nice for someone you love.  write a note on the bathroom mirror – either through the steam or even with lipstick!  slip a small note into your child’s lunch the friday before.  leave a chocolate kiss on someone’s pillowcase. (i can’t do this one, since my beagle would enjoy it instead!)  give everyone an extra hug on their way out the door… and really mean it! we offer great personalized gift ideas to express your love this sweetest day.  from playful to sentimental, our gifts are much more personal than candy or flowers. one of our most popular is our personalized because of you wood photo frame, engraved with your two first names, and your very own sentiment! but it’s not the gift that counts. it’s the thought! remember to say i love you whenever you can.  what better way to start or end your day?  happy sweetest day! tags: sweetest day posted on friday, october 09, 2009 2:28 pmcomments(0) more subscribe to this blog! search posts archives >>december, 2009 (3) >>november, 2009 (4) >>october, 2009 (3) >>september, 2009 (2) >>august, 2009 (3) >>july, 2009 (2) >>june, 2009 (2) >>may, 2009 (2) >>april, 2009 (3) >>march, 2009 (5) anniversary bbq birthday christmas easter education father's day gift ideas graduation grandparents halloween mother's day party photo gifts product ratings st. patrick's day stationery summer sweetest day wedding «january» sunmontuewedthufrisat272829303112345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031123456 © 1998-2009 thegiftingblog.com all rights reserved