来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231181831/http://www.personalizationmall.com/Blog
================================================================================

the gifting blog home about contact the gifting blog the art of gift-giving trim your tree with memories! every year, since i’ve been married, i buy a glass ornament, engraved with that year, for our holiday tree.  now, 20 years later, i have quite a collection of glass shapes adorning the top branches.  (these are too special to hang where little hands can reach!)  as i unpack them each season, i fondly recall the events from that year – whether it was the year we bought our 1st home, or the year each of our 3 children were born.  i imagine they will become even more meaningful as time marches on, and my children become married, and then bring my grandchildren to visit.  my ornament collection is a family tradition i hope will continue for generations to come! start your own holiday tradition with our new 2010 ornament collection.  we offer a variety of designs, all professionally laser-engraved for lasting memories.  choose from elegant glass ornaments or brightly-painted resin ornaments.  one of our most popular new designs is our family circle personalized ornament, featuring each family member’s name, repeating in the background, with your family name or year in whimsical ornaments.  a great way to start your family ornament tradition! posted on friday, october 29, 2010 9:59 amcomments(0) more take note! it’s back to school time! we received the annual school supply list in the mail last week, and my 6-year-old’s eyes just lit up!  other than christmas and her birthday, i think this is one of her favorite times of year.  it means the traditional trip to the store, hunting for all the necessities on the teacher’s list.  i have yet to find everything in one location – if any mom out there does, please let me know where! my daughter will be starting at a new school this year too, which is both exciting and a little scary for her.  new faces and new places!  to help ease the transition, i wanted to give her something fun to bring with her.  our new personalized notebooks were just the thing!  lots of bright, colorful designs to choose from, each printed with her name – both inside and out!  her name is even included on each page – very cool to a 6-year-old! to all the busy parents out there -- good luck with back to school shopping!  my word of advise – don’t wait until the last minute.  i’ve learned that all the “good stuff” goes quickly, which then means very more store visits!  and it would definitely be a less expensive trip if you leave your child at home, but not nearly as much fun! posted on thursday, august 12, 2010 10:09 amcomments(0) more hot fun in the summertime! last night was my 6-year old daughter’s first soccer game of the summer.  it was a perfect evening (except for the occasional dragonfly who came to visit!)  watching a team of 6-year olds play soccer is very amusing, as you constantly remind them which goal is theirs.  of course, they are more interested in picking dandelions or doing cartwheels than actually playing soccer.  but when the opposing team scored 2 goals in the row, our team starting paying attention.  coach dave encouraged them to work together and focus!  that they did, and to my wonderment, my daughter scored a goal!  this was a very big deal for both her and her proud parents!  they didn’t win the game, but that didn’t matter.  she called grandma on the way home, bragging about her feat.  we stopped for an ice cream cone to celebrate.  this is what summer is all about… celebrating the simple pleasures in life.  taking life just a little slower.  i learn many lessons from my 6-year old, including the joy of spontaneity. and we keep her favorite personalized travel chair in the trunk, just for that reason.  it’s perfect for last minute visits to the park or beach.  or just for resting between soccer plays!  and with her name proudly displayed across the back, there’s no question who’s having all the fun this summer!  this mom plans to enjoy it too!  happy summer everyone! posted on tuesday, june 22, 2010 3:45 pmcomments(0) more celebrate dad…he’s the man! if your family was anything like mine growing up, when you asked dad about something important, the standard response was, “go ask your mother!”  but when it came to money for the ice cream truck, he always managed to find spare change. (that’s where his level of authority ended!)  mom ran the house, but dad made it more fun! likewise, my husband and i have followed in those same footsteps. to my 3 kids, dad is their “buddy,” the pushover who can be talked into almost anything.  he leaves all of the “unpleasant” decisions up to me!  i actually feel jealous sometimes, when i see how easily he can drop everything for a game of catch or “go fish.”  after all, that’s what life is all about!  he reminds me of my own dad, who taught me how to ride my bike and more importantly, how to clean up the kitchen, so mom wouldn’t realize the mess we made! this father’s day, let’s celebrate all of those wonderful guys out there, who make time for little league and flying kites (and covering up for their kid’s mistakes!) those years fly by before we know it, so enjoy them while you can!  for those father & son dynamic duos out there, treat them to matching shirts with our personalized “team” shirts. happy dad’s day! posted on friday, may 28, 2010 3:57 pmcomments(0) more turn grad photos into glad keepsakes! as your special grad makes it down the aisle, the camera flashes will be going off.  we take more pictures than ever, thanks to modern digital devices that seem to be inside everybody’s pocket. but what do we do with the results? in the old days, graduation snapshots would pile up in bulky boxes, to be dragged out and looked over occasionally when space permitted.  it doesn’t have to be that way anymore - the digital photo revolution has spoken.  there are more ways to keep and share photos today than we can count.  which are the really special ones? online photo sharing services allow entire photo archives to be uploaded and shared to the whole extended family right over the internet.  with no limit to the number, you can transfer every shot from the graduation right into family’s lives with just some quick uploading and an email to family letting them know where to look. or, with so many great shots on our computers and media cards, why not arrange some of the best from graduation into an awesome framed personalized photo collage?  with the graduation memories© photo collage frame you can do just that.  spell out any one-line message and select the best photos from your graduation collection and put together an instant heirloom. of course, quantity is great, but sometimes one photo just sums it all up.  and a big part of the graduation ritual is the tradition of the autograph book.  put the two together in a personalized autograph frame, capturing memories of the day and the friends we shared it with. posted on monday, may 10, 2010 5:30 pmcomments(0) more mom’s the word! mom is always thinking of you. she’s probably thinking of you right now! return the favor with a gift basket this mother’s day filled with unique and affordable personalized keepsakes that celebrate her special touch. from the kitchen of... photo recipe cards when mom’s a wizard in the kitchen, she needs someplace to inscribe the magic spells - mom’s special family recipes should be written down on special stationery to be kept for generations. printed with mom’s name and a special photo, these will do the trick this mother’s day - and all the following days. photo collage personalize family calendar here’s a great chance to save while you get mom something she’ll love the rest of the year. a personalized family calendar, printed with the family name and any five photos can stay on mom’s fridge or in any room of the house for the rest of the year! photo collage personalized mouse pad okay, so maybe it took a while to get mom to use the computer. but try getting her off of it now! she’s facebooking, twittering and emailing like crazy! create a special work of art just for her to use as a mouse pad printed with any five photographs - yourself, the kids, her, pets - you name it. happy mother’s day to all our special moms! posted on friday, april 16, 2010 4:08 pmcomments(0) more celebrate their first communion with style! as religious milestones go, the first communion has great importance as the earliest ceremony your child will remember.  naturally, the whole family will be part of the celebration, but how do you make it memorable, appropriate and fun for everyone? 1. consider the timing. first communions are typically held between march and may, and weekends can fill up quickly with spring break plans, other communions, and even graduations. send invitations as early as possible to avoid scheduling conflicts. remember that invitations should be keepsakes, so keep things elegant and tasteful. view our entire collection of personalized first communion invitations for a special touch. 2. keep in mind the solemnity of the occasion. decorate with candles instead of lots of balloons or streamers. fewer colors are a good idea – whites and off-whites work best for first communion parties. 3. take advantage of the spring season to plan a cookout.  bbq is great and appropriate for the occasion. get some of your child’s favorite foods. have lots of appetizers on hand if the party is right after church services, so there’s no delay in eating while the bbq gets going. 4. for special treats, think of cookies with frosting in the shape of a cross, with your child’s name written with icing. we also offer personalized candy bar wrappers, to wrap around their favorite candy bar. 5. special first communion gifts that will be cherished for many years to come include a personalized children’s bible, a communion blessings© personalized photo frame, or a special holy day keepsake box. posted on monday, april 05, 2010 2:07 pmcomments(0) more plan an egg-stra special egg hunt! no easter celebration is complete without an egg hunt!  whether you’re planning an indoor event for 3 or an outdoor event for 30, we have a few ideas to make it a success: * start with plastic eggs!  real eggs can crack, and it’s time-consuming to cook and dye a large batch.  instead, use the plastic variety and ask everyone to return them at the end of the hunt (for next year!) * hide the prize inside!  stuff the plastic eggs with stickers, small wrapped candy or gum (that won’t melt) or coins.  the golden dollar coins also make great “bonus” prizes! go for random winners, rather than the one who has the most eggs. *  use different colors!  color code the eggs according to age.  get two- to three-year-olds looking for blue eggs while those four to six search for green, and so on. that way, the little ones have an equal chance at finding the eggs. * make words!  for the older kids, write a different letter on each egg. then have them create words with the eggs they’ve found. the kid with the most words wins a prize. * be safe!  think about your location carefully ahead of time, and be aware of hazards, such as water or traffic.  an open space such a park or football field is ideal. make sure everyone knows the boundaries, and if you have a large group, ask parents to keep an eye on them. * whose eggs are whose?  it’s easy to keep track of everyone’s eggs, with their names on the personalized bunny baskets!  our adorable boy and girl bunnies make the hunt that much more fun! tags: easter posted on thursday, march 18, 2010 2:25 pmcomments(0) more celebrate st. pat’s with the wee ones! do you have leprechauns in the house?  it always seems to happen around this time of year. your kids turn into the little green people, looking for the pot 'o gold.  here’s a list of great ways to celebrate st. patty’s day with your kids! 1) sing irish songs irish songs are fun and easy to sing.  find some videos by the shannon rovers or the clancy brothers on youtube. google up the lyrics and sing along. 2) irish dancing get your kids matching personalized t-shirts bring out the video camera, play some irish music and stage your own version of lord of the dance.  the whole family will be watching and enjoying the videos for years to come. 3) draw a picture have your kids draw what st. patrick’s day means to them and let their imagination run wild. you can try crayons, paints or any other fun way they might like. pictures of leprechauns, rainbows and shamrocks will soon be coming to life. 4) green beverages pick up a little green food coloring and use it in milk for the kids. what a special treat!  it also works in mashed potatoes, eggs, water and, for mom and dad, when it’s time to relax later on – beer from your very own personalized beer stein! posted on wednesday, march 03, 2010 10:53 amcomments(0) more be fit. be fun. even though snow is still on the ground, there is an end in sight.  spring will be here eventually, and after that, summer.  the season of shorts and swimsuits.  better hit that gym sooner than later, and here are a few pointers to keep in mind: *  exercise is not enough. you must also include healthy eating habits. *  make a list of all the benefits regular exercise provides you. everything from feeling healthier, sleeping better, preventing depression, feeling stronger, etc. post this list somewhere that you will easily see it everyday so that it can serve as a reminder why you should workout. *  eat breakfast every day. people who eat breakfast consume fewer total calories during the day then those that don’t. *  don’t waste your calories on drinks. drink low-calorie or no calorie drinks instead (preferably water). *  try to take at least 20 minutes to complete a meal. this is how long it takes for your brain to recognize that your stomach is full. *  use a lot of spices and seasonings when cooking low-fat/low-calorie meals. they can make your meal taste so much better and therefore make you feel more satisfied. *  decrease your caffeine intake. too much caffeine can decrease the burning of stored fat. *  consume at least 64 ounces of water per day, plus an additional 16 ounces for every hour of moderate-intensity exercise. *  each day fill a container(s) with your daily water supply so you’ll always know how much you’ve drank and ensure you drink the required daily amount. … and last, but not least, make your work out fun!  find a work out buddy to go with you. buy some new exercise clothes.  add our personalized water bottle and work out towel for extra inspiration! posted on monday, february 15, 2010 4:38 pmcomments(0) more subscribe to this blog! search posts archives >>october, 2010 (1) >>august, 2010 (1) >>june, 2010 (1) >>may, 2010 (2) >>april, 2010 (2) >>march, 2010 (2) >>february, 2010 (2) >>january, 2010 (1) >>december, 2009 (3) >>november, 2009 (4) >>october, 2009 (3) >>september, 2009 (2) >>august, 2009 (3) >>july, 2009 (2) >>june, 2009 (2) >>may, 2009 (2) >>april, 2009 (3) >>march, 2009 (5) bbq birthday christmas easter education father's day gift ideas graduation grandparents halloween mother's day party photo gifts product ratings st. patrick's day stationery summer sweetest day valentine’s day wedding «november» sunmontuewedthufrisat311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301234567891011 © 1998-2009 thegiftingblog.com all rights reserved