来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231020506/http://www.personalizationmall.com/Terms_of_Use.aspx
================================================================================

website terms of use personalized gifts & personalized gift ideas guaranteed christmas delivery order with priority ground shipping by midnight, tonight! not to be used in conjunction with other offers. we reserve the right to limit or exclude certain items from promotion at our sole discretion. we reserve the right to cancel this promotion at any time without notice. offer cannot be applied to previous or pending orders. christmas delivery available on orders placed with priority ground shipping within the contiguous united states only. offer valid thru december 18, 2016. close personalized gifts for life's celebrationstm my account sign innew customer? start hereorder status 0 items loading cart contents... view cart checkout > need help? faq's order status email us 1-866-386-8300 welcome (sign in) always free personalization & fast turnaround 1-2 days occasions upcoming occasions:dec25christmasholiday wish listfeb14valentine's day gifts for your valentineeveryday occasions:weddinghousewarmingnew babyanniversarybirthdaypartyreligiousromantic giftssympathycorporate / special events sale $9.95christmas giftsshop now > recipients babybest sellers for babyframes, albums & canvas printschristening giftsblankets & pillowsprecious keepsakesview all... kidsbest sellers for kidsbags & morepillows & towelstoys & morecustom kidz exclusive apparelview all... ladiesbest sellers for hermugs, water bottles & moretreasured keepsakes personalized jewelrygifts for grandmaview all... menbest sellers for himbbq, sports & leisurethe bartreasured keepsakes mugs, water bottles & moreview all... grandparentsbest sellers for grandparentsblankets & pillowskeepsakeskitchen, mugs & moreapparel for herview all... pets & pet loversbest sellers for pet giftsin memory of precious petspet christmas giftsfor pet ownerspet accessories view all... sports fanbest sellers for sports & leisurecoach giftsgolf giftshunting & fishingbaseballview all... professionalsofficemedicallawteachermilitary personalized gifts for everyone on your list! products shop by product bar & winebed & bathchristmas giftsclothing & accessorieskeepsakesframes & albumshome décorjewelrykitchenwareup to 25% offofficeoutdoor & gardenpartypetschoolsportsstationerytoys & gameswall arttravel bags & accessoriesphoto giftslicensed brand giftscorporate / special events personalized gifts for life's celebrationschristmas ornamentsup to 40% offchristmas stockingsup to 40% offcanvas printsup to 50% off christmas giftschristmas gifts shop christmas corner >stocking stuffers under $20shop all >holiday deals ornaments40% off stockings40% off mugs30% off canvas prints50% off kitchenware25% off what's new design your ownkitchenwarehome bar & wineapparelsports & leisureshop allgifts to express yourself! create your own gifts quickly & easily on sale todaykitchenware up to 25% offchristmas tree skirts up to 30% offchristmas cards 40% offchristmas stockings up to 40% offchristmas ornaments up to 40% offcanvas prints up to 50% offdoormats up to 30% offcoffee mugs up to 30% offclearance saleholiday deals sale home>website terms of use shop by:occasionrecipientproductfor the homedesign your ownwhat's newphoto giftslicensed brand giftscorporate gifts personalizationmall.com® website terms of use 1. use of the website by entering, accessing and/or using the personalizationmall.com website ("website"), you accept and agree to be bound by these terms of use ("terms"). the term "user(s)" in these terms refers to visitors who simply browse the website and those who register with the website. acceptance of these terms created a binding contract between you and personalizationmall.com, inc. ("pmall"), the owner of the website. your use of the website, including the websites of any of pmall's related companies or affiliates, and pmall's personalized products and personalization services (collectively, "service(s)") is entirely conditioned on and subject to your compliance with these terms. if you do not agree to these terms, then you should leave the website and discontinue use of the services immediately. please read these terms carefully and thoroughly, as they create a binding contract. 2. limited license subject to the terms stated herein, pmall grants you a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive license to the access and use the website and service for personal, non-commercial use only. the terms do not authorize you to collect, aggregate, copy, duplicate, reproduce, transmit, display, produce, perform, distribute, sell, license, or create derivative works of any portion of the website and service, without the express written permission of pmall. moreover, you are not authorized to compile or republish the content in any form. you agree to not decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code for this website and service. in addition, you shall not use robots, spiders, and manual or automated software or scripts, or data mining or similar data extraction tools to access, scrape, crawl or spider the website. a limited exception to the prohibition is granted to internet search engines and non-commercial archives. 3. intellectual property rights the website contains intellectual property rights owned by pmall and any unauthorized use of the website may violate or infringe upon the intellectual property rights of pmall or a third party. specifically, pmall owns the personalizationmall.com name, trademarks and logos, as well as other protected trademarks, including personalized gifts for life's celebrations, your logo. their name. our specialty., beyond logos, my personal rewards, where america shops for personalized gifts, and return to me (collectively, "pmall marks"). you agree to not use the pmall marks without written permission from pmall. unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs and written and other materials that are part of this site (collectively, the "contents") are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by pmall, and are protected by u.s. and international copyright laws and treaties. the compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of pmall and is also protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. all photographs created by the personalization of products, including photographic previews, corporate or group logo designs and images created or generated by pmall ("cag images") are owned exclusively by pmall and, if there is any dispute about ownership, by accessing and using this website and its services or the corporate and group sales program offered by pmall, you agree to assign any such rights to such cag images to pmall. if you breach any of these terms or otherwise infringe upon any intellectual property rights, then your authorization to use the website and the license granted herein is automatically terminated. 4. age requirements/eligibility you affirm that you are over the age of eighteen (18), as the service and this website are not intended for individuals under the age of 18. you affirm that you are able to enter into terms, abide by and comply with these terms. if you are under 18 years of age, then please do not use the service and access this website. 5. rules of conduct for users by accessing this website or using this service, you represent and warrant that you will abide by and comply with the terms contained herein, including the following rules of conduct for users: a. you shall use the service at your own risk. b. while not condoned or allowed under these terms, the website may contain material you feel is offensive or inappropriate material, and you are solely responsible for such exposure. c. the website may not be used for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, and you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content. d. you shall not take any action on the website that would disrupt, damage, or harm the service. e. if you are a registered user, then you are solely responsible for your account, including any activity undertaken under your username and password. you agree to notify pmall promptly if there is an unauthorized use or access to your account, or any other breach of security. f. you alone are responsible for your conduct and materials or content you submit, display or post on the service. g. you shall not use the service to process prohibited content. prohibited content includes content or other material that personalizationmall.com believes: 1. is abusive, deceptive, pornographic, obscene, defamatory, slanderous, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate; 2. contains copyrighted material used without written permission of the owner; 3. violates or otherwise encroaches on the rights of others; 4. advocates illegal activity; 5. harms anyone, including minors; or 6. provides a link to any of the above. h. you are not allowed to harvest, create, send or distribute any unwanted or unsolicited email or communications to users, or otherwise violate any anti-spamming laws. i. the collection and harvesting of private or personally identifiable information is strictly prohibited. j. if applicable, you agree to abide by the consumer review posting policy and my personal rewards agreements, which supplement these terms. k. personalizationmall.com also reserves the right to cancel your order should it be deemed inappropriate in terms of language, content, or material. 6. use of website and services at own risk you are solely responsible for your actions on the website and service, and for any content that is submitted, accessed, downloaded, linked to, or retrieved from or through the website or service. you expressly agree that you bear all risk related to your use of the website and service. 7. no warranty to the extent local law does not allow limitations on warranties, this provision may not apply in its entirety. use of this website and service is at your own risk. the website and service are provided "as-is." pmall, and its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, and agents ("pmall parties") expressly disclaim any and all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, and ownership. pmall parties do not represent or warrant the accuracy, reliability, timeliness, or completeness of the website or service, or that the website and service are free from any viruses, errors, bugs or other harmful components. 8. notification of copyright infringement in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act (17 u.s.c. § 512), pmall is registering with the u.s. copyright office as a service provider. if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content on the website infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act ("dmca") by providing pmall's agent with the following information in writing: a. physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; b. identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; c. identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and d. information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address; e. a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and f. a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. any notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to the service provider's designated copyright agent. the copyright agent is general counsel, personalizationmall.com, inc., 51 shore drive; burr ridge, illinois 60527, telephone number: (630) 910-6000, and electronic mail address: williamh@pmall.com. the failure to comply with all of the requirements set forth above under the digital millennium copyright act may result in an invalid dmca notice. at pmall's sole discretion, pmall may terminate and close the accounts of users who are offenders or infringers, including any my personal rewards membership and account. in addition, pmall reserves, at its sole discretion, the right to limit or restrict access or otherwise terminate and close the accounts of any users who infringe upon the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of third parties. 9. linking to third-party websites the website may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned, controlled, endorsed or sponsored by pmall. pmall makes no representations or warranties regarding the content on these websites. these websites also contain different terms and conditions and privacy policies, and by visiting these websites you accept any and all risk. 10. general contractual clauses a. privacy: pmall does not rent, sell, or otherwise provide your personally-identifiable information for third-party marketing or solicitation purposes. the personalizationmall.com privacy policy is incorporated herein by reference, and may be accessed and read at: privacy policy. b. limitation of liability: to the extent your local law does not allow the limitation of liability, then this provision may not apply in its entirety. to the fullest extent provided under the law, pmall, including its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, and agents have no obligation or liability to you or any third party, whether arising in contract, warranty, tort, (including negligence, product liability, or otherwise) for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, punitive, special, or consequential damages (including any loss of data, revenue or profit) arising out of or with your use of this service, the website, any content submitted by you or any content submitted by other users, registered or not, even if you have been advised of the possibility of such damages. notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the company's liability to you for any cause of action whatsoever, and regardless of the action, will at all times be limited to injunctive relief only, and you are not entitled to damages of any kind, unless otherwise permitted by law. c. indemnification: you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold pmall, and its officers, directors, subsidiaries, affiliates, parents, assigns, agents, service providers, suppliers, and employees, harmless from and against any and all losses, claims, liabilities, demands, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, made by any third party arising out of or related to your use of the website or service, including but not limited to any content submitted by you, your violation of these terms, any damage you caused to another, your breach of the representations and warranties, and the violation of the rights of another. these obligations survive these terms and your use of the site. d. assignment: users may not assign, convey, or otherwise transfer their rights under these terms; however, pmall may assign, convey or transfer without any restriction or notice. e. termination: your access and use of the website and service is at the sole discretion of pmall. pmall may remove any content and/or terminate your access without notice for any reason, and pmall is not liable for any such termination. f. miscellaneous provisions i. governing law/venue:you agree that these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of illinois. you hereby consent to personal jurisdiction in illinois. the state and federal courts in illinois shall be the exclusive forum and venue for any and all disputes that arise under or are in any way related to these terms. you agree that action or proceeding involving personalizationmall.com or these terms shall be heard, if in federal court, the united states district court for the northern district of illinois, and if in state court, the circuit court of the eighteenth judicial circuit located in wheaton, dupage county, illinois. ii. amendment: pmall is free to alter, amend, or change these terms at any time without notice. the amendments will be prospective only. you are encouraged to review these terms from time-to-time because they may change without notice, and your use of the website and service is governed by the terms in place at that time. iii. entire agreement: these terms reflect the entire agreement between you and pmall. you may be subject to additional terms and conditions when you submit, download, access, or use third-party content. iv. enforcement: the failure to enforce any term is not a waiver of such term. regardless of any statute, law, or regulation to the contrary, any claim, demand, or cause of action related to the website, service or the terms must be filed within one year after the date it arose, otherwise it will be barred. if any provision or sections of these terms is found to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, then parties agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the intent of the parties, and the remaining provisions or section remain in full force and effect. for more information about personalizationmall.com or these terms, please contact pmall at: personalizationmall.com, inc. 51 shore drive burr ridge, illinois 60527 email: service@personalizationmall.com back to top join our mailing list $5 off orders over $25 when you sign up! check out why everyone istalking about pmall company info about us contact us pmall in the news careers our products shop by occasion shop by recipient shop by product shop by sale site map product reviews services join our email list order status affiliate program rewards program corporate store catalog quick order policies privacy policy shipping information & rates guarantee & return policy frequently asked questions terms of use our brands www.bedbathandbeyond.com www.buybuybaby.com www.worldmarket.com www.christmastreeshops.com www.harmondiscount.com www.ofakind.com www.onekingslane.com © 1998-2016 personalizationmall.com all rights reserved mobile site | help