来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181226061903/https://www.personalizationmall.com/Privacy.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy | personalizationmall.com personalized gifts & personalized gift ideas up to 30% off valentine's day giftsplus, free economy shippingon orders over $45 use coupon code: frship45not to be used in conjunction with other offers. we reserve the right to limit or exclude certain items from promotion at our sole discretion. not valid on items within the corporate store. we reserve the right to cancel this promotion at any time without notice. offer valid for economy shipping within the contiguous united states only. surcharges on some oversized items may still apply. offer valid thru january 31, 2019. close personalized gifts for life's celebrationstm my account sign innew customer? start hereorder status 0 items loading cart contents... view cart checkout > need help? faq's order status live chat email us 1-866-386-8300 welcome (sign in) always free personalization & fast turnaround 1-2 days occasions upcoming occasionsvalentine's day feb14up to 30% offst. patrick's daymar17easterapr21everyday occasionsweddingnew babyhousewarmingbirthdayromantic giftsup to 30% offanniversarygraduationreligioussympathy giftspartycorporate & group eventsseasonal occasionsspring giftsfirst communionmother's dayfather's dayback to schoolhanukkahview all... recipients shop by recipients babymonthly milestone personalized baby fleece blanketwas $69.99 sale $49.99 30 reviewsbabybest sellers for babybaby blankets & pillowsframes, albums & canvas printschristening giftstoys & furnitureprecious keepsakesbaby clothesbaby accessoriesgifts for grandparentsfavors & party accessoriestwins & tripletsbirth announcementsnew in baby giftskidsbutterfly embroidered kid's backpack by stephen joseph$36.99 109 reviewskidsbest sellers for kidsblankets, pillows & pillowcasesbags & moretoys & morebeach & bath towelskids’ clothessports & leisureframes & wall artkids' furnitureschool accessoriesteens & tweensstickers & stationeryjewelry & keepsakeskids' bookskids' school suppliesdorm room giftsteen school supplieswater bottles, cups & morenew in kids giftsfor herembroidered waffle weave kimono robe$39.99 sale $27.99 & up 421 reviewsfor herbest sellers for herkeepsakes for herblankets & pillowsmugs, water bottles & moreoutdoor & gardenbath giftskitchen giftsbags & totespersonalized jewelryjewelry boxesframes & albumsgifts for grandmagifts for momstationery & morewine & cocktailscanvas prints & plaques apparel & morenew in ladies giftsfor himtimeless message personalized leather watch box$79.99 sale $63.99 & up 244 reviewsfor himbest sellers for himbbq, sports & leisurebar gifts for himgolf gifts for himkeepsakes for himblankets & pillowsoffice & desk mugs, water bottles & moreframes & canvas printsgifts for grandpagifts for dadmen's accessoriesapparel & morenew in men's giftsgrandparentsgrandchildren fill our hearts personalized throw pillow$32.99 sale $22.99 & up 52 reviewsgrandparentsbest sellers for grandparentsframes & canvas printsblankets & pillowskitchen, mugs & morekeepsakesapparel for herapparel for himsports & leisurenew in grandparent giftsprofessionalsexecutive tan leather personalized portfolio$69.99 351 reviewsprofessionalsteacher giftsoffice giftslawyer giftsdoctor & nurse giftscoach giftsmilitary giftspolice giftsfirefighter giftsnew in professionalsteacher giftsour teacher personalized frame$24.99 sale $19.99 & up 48 reviewsteacher giftsbest sellers for teachersteacher mugsdesk accessoriesclassroom and beyondstationerycoach giftsnew teacher giftssorority zeta tau alpha personalized beach towel$38.99sorority alpha chi omegaalpha delta pichi omegadelta delta deltadelta gammadelta zetagamma phi betakappa alpha thetakappa deltakappa kappa gammapi beta phizeta tau alphanew in sorority giftspets & pet loversdefinition of my dog personalized pillow$32.99 sale $22.99 & up 550 reviewspets & pet loversbest sellers for pet giftsin memory of precious petspet accessories for pet ownersnew in pet giftssports fanlos angeles dodgers personalized mlb stadium coordinates canvas printwas $97.99 sale $48.99sports fanbest-sellers for sports & leisuregolf giftshunting & fishing giftscoach giftsbar & grill giftstailgating giftsfootball giftsbaseball giftsbasketball giftshockey giftsother sportssports accessoriesnew in sport & leisure giftsoffice giftsprofessional & passionate personalized sand-filled hourglass$49.99 24 reviewsoffice giftsbest sellers for office desk accessoriesmugs & moreoffice stationeryawards, frames and canvas printspens & pencilsportfoliostravel accessoriesretirement giftsmouse padsbusiness card holdersnew in office gifts products shop by product bar & winebed & bathchristmas giftsclothing & accessoriesengraved giftsframes & albumshome décorjewelry up to 20% offkeepsakeskitchenwarelicensed brand giftsmonogrammed giftsofficeoutdoor & gardenpartypetphoto giftsreligious giftsschoolsportsstationerytoys & gamestravel gifts & accessorieswall artcorporate & group events personalized gifts for life's celebrationsdoormats30% offcanvas printsup to 70% offcoffee mugsup to 30% off valentine's day giftsup to 30% offvalentine's day giftsup to 30% off all valentine's day giftsshop our 2019 valentine's day gifts todayshop all >home decorwedding giftsup to 70% offcanvas printsup to 40% offblanketswhat's newon sale todaydaily deals salevalentine's day up to 30% offromantic gifts up to 30% offjewelry up to 20% offpicture frames up to 20% offblankets up to 40% offdoormats 30% offcanvas prints up to 70% offcoffee mugs up to 30% off home>privacy policy | personalizationmall.com shop by:occasionrecipientproductdesign your ownwhat's newcorporate gifts privacy policythis policy describes how personalizationmall.com, llc, and its affiliates collect, use, and share personal information, unless a particular affiliate has a different privacy policy posted on its website, in which case that privacy policy shall describe that affiliate’s collection, use, and sharing of personal information.  the “affiliates” referred to in this privacy policy mean bed bath & beyond, buybuy baby, christmas tree shops and that!, harmon and harmon face values, cost plus and cost plus world market, one kings lane, of a kind, decorist, chef central and such other affiliates as we may acquire or launch from time to time.types of data we collect.personal information means information that allows someone to identify or contact you.  non-personal information means information that does not directly identify you.  we collect both types of information about you.  the following provides examples of the types of data that we collect about you and how we use the information.contexttypes of data and purpose for collectionaccount registrationwe may collect your name and contact information when you create an account.demographic informationwe may collect personal information from you, such as your age or location. distance informationwhen you use one of our apps we may collect your location from the gps, wi-fi, and/or cellular technology in your device to determine your distance from a store. email interconnectivityif you receive email from us, we may use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases.employmentif you apply for a job posting, or become an employee, we may collect personal information necessary to process your application.  this may include, among other things, your social security number.feedback/supportif you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and e-mail address and possibly other personal information, as well as any other content that you send to us in order to reply.mailing listwhen you sign up for one of our mailing lists we may collect your email address or postal address.    mobile deviceswe may collect information from your mobile device such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when visiting our website or when visiting one of our stores.order placement we may collect your name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and payment card information when you place an order.partner promotionwe may collect information that you provide as part of a co-branded promotion with another company.surveyswhen you participate in a survey we may collect additional information that you provide through the survey.  if the survey is provided by a third party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information. sweepstakes or contestswhen you participate in a sweepstakes or contest we may collect information about you which includes contact information to notify you if you are selected.third party trackingwe participate in behavior-based advertising.  this means that a third party may use technology (e.g., a cookie (further described below)) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests.  that advertising may appear either on our websites, or on other websites.  you can opt-out of receiving advertising based upon your browsing behavior from some network advertising companies by going to the network advertising initiative and the digital advertising alliance websites, although to completely prevent advertising based upon your browsing behavior you should also disable the cookies on your browser.web logswe may collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, internet protocol (ip) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the internet), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit. in addition to information stored by our servers, we may also use cookies and clear gifs. cookies may be removed by following instructions provided by your browser.  cookieswe may use cookies and clear gifs. “cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your device while you are viewing a website. we may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your device until you delete them).  among other things, cookies allow us to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience tailored to your interests and to improve our marketing efforts. persistent cookies may be removed by following instructions provided by your browser.  if you choose to disable cookies some areas or features of our websites may not work properly.wedding, baby, and/or gift registrywe may collect your name, contact information, shipping address, and information about an event for which you are registering. in addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.use and processing of your information.in addition to the uses described above, we use your personal information in the following ways: ·         to identify you when you visit our websites or our stores. ·         to provide the products and services you request, or to process returns.·         to improve our services and product offerings.·         to streamline your checkout process.·         to conduct analytics.·         to respond to your inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.  ·         to send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to products, services, sales, or promotions.·         for internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationship with you.sharing of personal data.in addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose personal information in the following situations:1.     affiliates and acquisitions. we may share your personal information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control).  if another company acquires our company, business, or our assets, we will also share your personal information with that company.  2.     other disclosures with your consent.  we may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.3.     other disclosures without your consent. we may disclose personal information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws.  we may also share your personal information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.4.     public.  some of our websites provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum.  if you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publicly available. 5.     partner promotion. we may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners.  if you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner the information that you provide will be shared with us and with them.  their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy. 6.     service providers. we may share your personal information with service providers.  among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.7.     wedding, baby, and/or gift registry. some of our websites provide the opportunity to create public registries where you can indicate to others what types of products you might be interested in receiving.  we share the information that you provide about your event (e.g., name, date, location, etc.) with the public to permit others to search for that information. in some cases we may provide you with options to restrict the extent to which that information will be shared.  we may also share your information with third party wedding and gift registry portal sites.  among other things this provides your guests with additional means of finding your registry and coordinating gifts.your choices.you can make the following choices regarding your personal data:1.     promotional emails. you may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties.  you can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive.  although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request within the timeframe permitted by law, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.  if you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you transactional communications, such as those about your account, to fulfill orders you have made, to ask you to rate the product you purchased, or other service-related communications. 2.     promotional mailings.  if at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us (our contact information is below) with "no snail mail" in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code. please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent. although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.3.     changes to your personal information. we rely on you to update and correct your personal information.  most of our websites allow you to modify your account profile.  note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.   4.     deletion of your personal data. typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.  you may, however, request that we delete your personal information.  all requests must be directed to the contact in the “contact information” section below.  we may also decide to delete your data if we believe that the data is incomplete, inaccurate, or that our continued use and storage are contrary to our obligations to other individuals or third parties.  when we delete personal information it will be removed from our active database, but it may remain in archives where it is not practical or possible to delete it. in addition, we may keep your personal information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce any of our agreements.5.     revocation of consent.  we rely on the processing of personal information that you have provided. if you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information then we may no longer be able to provide you services. in some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. 6.     access to your personal data. if required by law, upon request, we will grant reasonable access to the personal information that we hold about a user. all requests must be directed to the contact in the “contact information” section. 7.     online tracking.  we do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "do not track" instructions. 8.     california residents.  california residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing.  if you are a california resident and would like a copy of such notice, please submit a written request to us using the information in the “contact information” section below.how we protect personal informationno method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. in the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.some of our websites permit you to create an account.  when you do you will be prompted to create a password.  you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you.  you should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.miscellaneous the following additional information relates to our privacy practices:·         transmission of data to other countries. if you are a customer located outside the united states, please be aware that your personal information may be processed in the united states, where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  by submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in the united states. ·         third party applications/websites.  we have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own. ·         contact information.  if you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at the appropriate address below.  we will attempt, where practical, to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information. service@personalizationmall.compersonalizationmall.com51 shore dr.burr ridge, il 60527 ·         changes to this privacy policy.  we may change our privacy policy and practices over time.  to the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information.   last revised: may 8, 2018 continue shopping back to top join our mailing list $5 off orders over $25 when you sign up! check out why everyone istalking about pmall company info about us contact us pmall in the news careers our products shop by occasion shop by recipient shop by product shop by sale site map product reviews services join our email list order status affiliate program rewards program corporate store catalog quick order policies privacy policy shipping information & rates guarantee & return policy frequently asked questions terms of use our brands www.bedbathandbeyond.com www.buybuybaby.com www.worldmarket.com www.christmastreeshops.com www.harmondiscount.com www.ofakind.com www.onekingslane.com © 1998-2019 personalizationmall.com all rights reserved mobile site | help