来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231070949/https://www.personalizationmall.com/Privacy.aspx
================================================================================

privacy notice | personalizationmall.com 40-70% off doorbusters 50% off stockings 40% off cutting boards 40% off robes 50% off ornaments 40% off blankets 70% off canvas prints 40% off wine glassesfees and surchanges may apply. offer available online and by telephone only. offer not available in corporate store. offers cannot be combined and are not available on all products and are subject to restrictions and limitations. offer ends 12/4/22. prices and charges are subject to change without notice. void where prohibited. close always free personalization fast turnaround 1-2 days need help? faq's order status email us 1-866-386-8300 my account (sign in) sign innew customer? start hereorder status 0 items loading cart contents... view cart checkout > occasions upcoming occasionshanukkahdec18christmasdec25up to 50% offkwanzaadec26wintereveryday occasionsanniversarynew babybirthdayhousewarmingjust becausepartyreligiousretirement romantic giftssympathyweddingdesign your ownentertaining & homecorporate & group eventsseasonal occasionsvalentine's day st. patrick's dayfirst communionspringeastermother's dayview all... recipients shop by recipients babymonthly milestone personalized baby fleece blanketwas $79.99 sale $55.99 127 reviewsbaby grey polka dots & stars personalized piggy bankwas $52.99 sale $36.99 76 reviewsbabybest sellers for babybaby blankets & pillowsframes, albums & canvas printsnursery decorbaby keepsakesbaby toysbaby clothesbaby onesies & bodysuitsbaby & toddler hatstoddler shirtstoddler sweatshirtstoddler socksbaby accessoriesbaby bibs & burp clothsbaby shower giftsnewborn baby giftschristening giftsbirth announcementsfavors & party accessoriesbaby girl giftsbaby boy giftsgender neutral giftstwins & tripletstoddler giftsgifts for new grandparentsfirst birthday giftsfirst valentine's dayfirst easterfirst halloweenfirst christmas giftsbaby ornamentsbaby stockingsbaby photo giftsengraved baby giftsmonogrammed baby giftsnew in baby giftskidssnowball fight personalized metal bucketwas $22.99 sale $15.99 243 reviewsvibrant name personalized kids enamel mug$19.99 and up 11 reviewskidsbest sellers for kidstoys & moregifts for girlsgifts for boysteens & tweensblankets, pillows & pillowcaseswater bottles, cups & morebags & morebeach & bath towelsframes & wall artkids' clothessports & leisurejewelry & keepsakeskids' furniture & décorkids' booksphoto gifts for kidsstickers & stationerynew in kids giftschristmas gifts for kidsfor herfamily name personalized magnetic wooden family tree was $64.99 sale $45.49close to her heart personalized blanketwas $69.99 sale $32.99 & up 2580 reviewsfor herbest sellers for heroutdoor & gardenkeepsakes for herblankets & pillowsbath giftswine & cocktailskitchen giftscoffee mugs for herbags & totesjewelry boxespersonalized jewelrywomen’s clothingframes & albumscanvas prints & plaques photo gifts for hergifts for grandmagifts for momgifts for wifesister giftsdaughter giftsgifts for teenage girlsstationery & morenew in ladies giftsfor himjust for him personalized luxury fleece robewas $79.99 sale $55.99 109 reviewstimeless message personalized leather watch boxwas $99.99 sale $69.99 & up 395 reviewsfor himbest sellers for himmen's accessoriesbbq, sports & leisurebar gifts for himblankets & pillowsmen’s clothingphoto gifts for himkeepsakes for himframes & canvas printscoffee mugs for himgifts for grandpagifts for dadgifts for husbandgifts for teen boysoffice & desk brother giftsson giftsgolf gifts for himnew in men's giftsgrandparentslove is welcoming a grandchild personalized shiplap picture frame$24.99 and up 70 reviewsrecipe for a special grandma personalized maple cutting board$74.99 and up 7 reviewsgrandparentsbest sellers for grandparentsframes & canvas printsblankets & pillowskitchen, mugs & morekeepsakesgifts for grandmagifts for grandpaapparel for herapparel for himsports & leisurephoto gifts for grandparentsnew in grandparent giftsprofessionalsexecutive tan leather personalized portfoliowas $99.99 sale $69.99 451 reviewsdoctor's office personalized acrylic pen & pencil holderwas $21.99 sale $15.39 52 reviewsprofessionalsoffice giftsteacher giftsdoctor & nurse giftsessential worker giftsppe & personal protective productslawyer giftscoach giftsmilitary giftspolice giftsfirefighter giftsnew gifts for professionalsteacher giftsinspiring teacher personalized 17 oz. acrylic insulated tumblerwas $21.99 sale $15.39 17 reviewslive love teach teacher personalized canvas tote bagswas $19.99 sale $13.99 & up 9 reviewsteacher giftsbest sellers for teachersteacher mugsclassroom & desk accessoriesteacher appreciation giftsteacher stationerycoach giftsnew teacher giftsteacher christmas giftspets & pet loverspet photo memories personalized throw pillowwas $33.99 sale $19.99 & up 219 reviewspet repeating name personalized dog collarswas $15.99 sale $11.19 & up 98 reviewspets & pet loversbest selling pet giftspet memorial giftspet accessories for pet ownersdog id tagsdog bowls & matsdog treat jarsdog collars & leashespet homedog bandanasdog bedspet photo giftspet memorial photo giftspet memorial stonesnew in pet giftspet christmas giftspet christmas ornamentspet christmas stockingssports fanengraved coach stainless steel whistlewas $23.99 sale $16.79 68 reviewssports fan personalized cap$22.99 94 reviewssports fanbest-sellersbar & grill giftshunting & fishing giftsgolf giftsnfl giftsncaa giftsmlb giftsfootball giftsbaseball giftsbasketball giftshockey giftsother sports giftssports accessoriesyoga matscoach giftstailgating giftsnew in sport giftsoffice giftsembrace the future engraved navigator compasswas $62.99 sale $43.99 40 reviewsblack stylus personalized ball-point penwas $24.99 sale $17.49 269 reviewsoffice giftsbest-selling office giftsretirement giftsdesk accessoriestech accessories & giftsoffice mugstravel accessoriesoffice stationeryoffice décorhome office giftspens & pencilsportfoliosmouse padsbusiness card holdersname platesnew office gifts products shop by product bar & winebed & bathchristmas cards up to 50% offchristmas giftsclothing & accessoriesdrinkwareengraved giftsframes & albumshome décorjewelrykeepsakeskitchenwarelicensed brand giftsmonogrammed giftsofficeoutdoor & gardenpartypetphoto giftsreligious giftsschoolsportsstationerytoys & gamestravel gifts & accessorieswall artcorporate & group eventsdesign your own personalized gifts for life's celebrationsblanketsup to 50% offcoffee mugscanvas printsup to 70% off christmasup to 50% offchristmas gifts shop christmas corner >up to 50% off christmas giftsthe elf on the shelf up to 50% offblanketscoffee mugsdesign your owndoorbusterswhat's newon sale todaydoorbusters salechristmas cards up to 50% offchristmas up to 50% offchristmas ornaments up to 50% offchristmas stockings up to 50% offblankets up to 50% offcanvas prints up to 70% offdoormats up to 30% offholiday & christmas cards up to 50% offchristmas tree skirts up to 20% off home>privacy notice | personalizationmall.com shop by:occasionrecipientproductdesign your ownwhat's newcorporate gifts privacy noticelast updated july 11, 2022introductionthe 1-800-flowers.com® family of brands, recognizes and respects the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers, registered members, gift recipients and users (each of which may be referred to, individually and where applicable, as “you”), and has established this privacy notice (“privacy notice”) as a result. the purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you of:the information, including personal information, we may collect about you when you visit our website (as defined below), respond to our emails, place orders, provide product reviews, chat with our virtual gifting assistants, submit website feedback, participate in sweepstakes and promotions, receive orders, use our mobile applications, place orders through social media applications (such as our facebook app), use our e-gifting service or otherwise contact us via telephone, text (sms, mms), online chat, email, social media, fax,  mail, or courier service (collectively, our "service"),why we gather information about you,how we collect it,how we use it (including with whom we may share it),how we secure your personal information, andthe choices you have regarding our use of, and your access to and correction and deletion of, personal information you have provided.this privacy notice is part of the terms of use ,which governs your use of our website located at www.1800flowers.com, as well as, the websites of our affiliated brands (see below) linked to this privacy notice (the "website") and the service. the service is operated by 800-flowers, inc. (the "company"). "affiliates" are persons or entities directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, or in the same corporate family as, 800-flowers, inc. this privacy notice does not cover information you provide to our independently owned and operated franchised retail stores. a listing of our affiliated brands can be found here.for  purposes of this privacy notice, except as noted below and unless you are explicitly notified otherwise, the company is the controller of your personal information, and where the processing of personal information is also undertaken by our affiliated brands with whom you engage, the affiliated brands are joint controllers with the company for your personal information. joint controllers are all responsible for deciding how your personal information  is held and used.please note:you must be 18 years or older and the age of majority in your place of residence to use, subscribe to, or register for the service as a member (or 21 years or older in the event that you place a request for transmission of an order for a product containing alcohol). the service is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect, maintain or disclose personal information from or about children. if you are a parent or guardian of a child and become aware that your child has provided personal information to us, please contact us as described in this privacy notice and we will take reasonable steps to promptly remove any such information. accessibility statement the company is committed to making our website's content accessible and user friendly to everyone. if you are having difficulty viewing or navigating the content on the website, or notice any content, feature, or functionality that you believe is not fully accessible to people with disabilities, please call us at 1-800-356-9377 or email our team at accessibility@1800flowers.com with “disabled access” in the subject line and provide a description of the specific feature you feel is not fully accessible or a suggestion for improvement. we take your feedback seriously and will consider it as we evaluate ways to accommodate all of our customers and our overall accessibility policies. additionally, while we do not control such vendors, we strongly encourage vendors of third-party digital content to provide content that is accessible and user friendly. why do we gather information?the company and the service gathers information, including personal information, mainly to communicate with you and to process your orders, but also to help improve our products and customer service, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift and message recipients, of special offers and discounts from the 1-800-flowers.com® family of brands, company affiliates (as that term is defined below and in our terms of use) and selected third parties.for individuals subject to the general data protection regulation of the european union (“eu”) or the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (“uk”), our processing of your personal information is justified on the following legal bases:the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you or take steps to enter into a contract at your request;the processing is necessary for us to comply with a relevant legal obligation;the processing is in our legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights, and notably our legitimate interest in using applicable data to conduct and develop our business activities; oryou have consented to the processing.this privacy notice applies to all visitors, including eu and uk residents. additional information on our privacy practices with respect to eu and uk residents in particular can be viewed here. what information do we gather?depending on how you interact with us, we collect some or all of the following categories of information:contact and other personal information: your name, address, postal code, telephone number, email address, user id and contact information, as well as gender and birth date, if you choose, or are otherwise required to enter such information, and interests,billing information: credit/debit card number, expiration date, cvv code, alternate or additional billing information and billing address,purchase information: products purchased and occasion type (for example, mother's day), any promotion or gift card code and related information (for example, if you are claiming frequent flyer miles or using an affiliate code or link),gift-related information: gift recipients' names, addresses, telephone numbers, birthdates and email addresses, and the gift messages you include,device information about the devices you use to access our service (including mobile devices), platform information, user identification number and device location,application information - including which of your applications are used, how your applications are used and the duration of use of your applications,network information –including ip address, network carrier and country code, browsing information, such as how you interact with the service, andother information you provide to us when you participate in our various forums, as well as user submissions (defined in the terms of use ). members may also add to their address book the name, address and telephone number of friends or other persons to whom they may wish to send gifts or expressions. other members do not have the right to view and edit your address book entries. how do we collect information from you?a. in general.we collect information when you:we collect your information when you:visit our website and/or use our service,place an order or receive a gift,participate in our celebrations passport® loyalty program,participate in our forums, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, live events, requests for suggestions, requests for reviews and user-generated content, and membership registrations,request a catalog or other information, andengage in other activities, services, products and resources we make accessible to our customers, members or users.the information may be provided directly to us by you when placing an order or participating in a survey, etc., or, as is true of most websites, we gather certain device and usage information automatically. this information may include internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, device information, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., html pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends and administer the website. this information may be collected by us even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or is otherwise cancelled.we may also gather  information about you from third parties, such as social media sites, data co-ops, and demographics data providers.b. how we use "cookies" and "action tags."a "cookie" is a small data file sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer. we use cookies primarily to let us know that you are a prior customer, user or registered member and to provide certain features to you.  most web browsers allow you to instruct the browser to prevent the use of cookies. however, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of the services, such as the shopping basket, may not function properly. if you are accessing our website from outside the united states, you may manage your cookie preferences directly through the provided tool.we have relationships with third parties who may collect or receive information directly from the cookies placed by our service on your computer to assist in analyzing our business and customers, and to give credit to other sites that direct traffic to our website for marketing purposes.our service may also use a web technology called "action tags" (also called single pixel gifs, web beacons, local storage objects, and local shared objects) to track purchase, usage and other web activity information. action tags may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. in addition, third parties may set their own cookies and tags through our service (such as through interest-based advertising, described below). we do not control such third parties or their privacy practices. if you do not want third parties to be able to use such methods, you can modify your browser settings to limit such access.interest-based advertising.our services. we collect data from you for use in interest-based advertising when you use our service. other companies may serve interest-based advertisements on our service. we use as a guide the self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising as administered by the digital advertising alliance (https://youradchoices.com/choices-faq). other services.advertisements for our products and services may appear on third party websites around the internet. some websites and services deliver these advertisements based upon data that has been previously collected about your past behavior online. for example, if you have viewed websites about gift baskets, these websites or services may display to you an advertisement for our gift baskets. this kind of targeted advertising is sometimes called interest-based or online behavioral advertising. we do not control such third-party websites or services on which these advertisements appear. further, we do not control how they collect and use data about your online activities. consent.you may opt-out of being tracked online by certain companies listed at: https://optout.aboutads.info/ or https://optout.networkadvertising.org/ and you may also learn more about online behavioral advertising at such websites. if you opt-out, you will still receive generic advertisements, but they will not be delivered to you by such companies from whom you have opted out based upon your behavioral data possessed by the companies from whom you have opted-out. this process relies upon an opt-out cookie for each browser and each device, so if you delete your cookies or use a different computer, you will have to repeat this process.mobile push notifications.as a user who has downloaded our company’s mobile application(s), we may from time to time send you push notifications to your device to communicate with you and advise you of current offers and promotions. to ensure that you receive timely notification of such communications and promotions, we need to collect certain information from your device as indicated above. if at any time you do not wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off on your device.c. mobile analytics.we use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our company’s mobile application(s) on your device. this software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and the source from which the application was downloaded. we do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.we may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the website and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes, subject to their privacy policies. we use third party analytics such as google analytics to gather and analyze aggregated anonymous user information. for more information about google analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.  you can opt out of google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the sites by going to  http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.d. from other businesses who ask us to process your informationon occasion, our company and affiliates may operate as a data processor of your personal information rather than a controller.  for example, our corporate gifting program enables companies to send gifts to their employees, clients, or other persons, which involves the provision of certain elements of personal information.  we then process this information in order to send gifts to those persons.  in situations like this, when we act as a processor, the privacy statement of the relevant controller and our agreements with such businesses or entities will govern our processing of the applicable personal information. how we use/share the information we collectwe use information we collect to communicate with you, to process your orders, to improve our products and services (such as by responding to your feedback), to conduct research (such as statistics on favorite -- i.e., most ordered -- products), to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience (for instance, to provide event reminders, such as birthdays), to inform you and your gift recipients of offers and discounts from the 1-800-flowers.com® family of brands and company affiliates, and to enable you to receive credits for purchases under loyalty or buying programs that you have joined.we may also use your information, as necessary or appropriate in our view, to operate the service, to respond to your inquiries, to process orders or registrations, and to conduct promotions, contests, and sweepstakes in which you participate.we may combine information we receive from you via our service with information from our affiliates and third parties. we use the combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us (for example, by keeping your profile up-to-date) and to communicate with you in accordance with this privacy notice. we may also use your personal information as indicated at the time of collection or with your consent (where required by applicable law).in addition, as provided below, the company may use or share your data with both affiliated and unrelated third parties, for the purposes so identified.a. affiliate data sharing.we may provide your information to our company affiliates for use in connection with their businesses, including sending you offers and promotions. however, in connection with information collected under this privacy notice, they are required to comply with this privacy notice. the following categories of information may be shared with our company affiliates:contact and other personal information: your name, address, telephone number, email address, user id and contact information, as well as gender and birth date, if you choose, or are otherwise required to enter such information, and interests,billing information: credit/debit card number, expiration date, cvv code, alternate or additional billing information and billing address,purchase information: products purchased and occasion type (for example, mother's day), any promotion or gift card code and related information (for example, if you are claiming frequent flyer miles),gift-related information: gift recipients' names, addresses, telephone numbers, and email addresses, and the gift messages you include,device information about the devices you use to access our services (including mobile devices): platform information, user identification number and device location,application information - including which of your applications are used, how your applications are used and the duration of use of your applications,network information –including ip address, network carrier and country code, browsing information, such as how you interact with the services; andother information you provide to us when you participate in our various forums, as well as user submissions (defined in the terms of use ).b. e-gifting service.customer: if you choose to send a gift and notify the recipient using the electronic gift service available on our website (the “e-gifting service”), you will be asked to provide personally information about yourself, your intended gift recipient and the method to communicate the transaction. this information will be shared with our e-gifting service technology provider, smartgift, inc., for the purpose of administering the e-gifting service.gift recipient: if a customer has elected to send you a gift using the e-gifting service, your personally information, which is required to deliver the gift to you, will be shared with our e-gifting service technology provider, smartgift, inc., for the limited purpose of administering the e-gifting service.gift recipient: if a customer has elected to send you a gift using the e-gifting service, your personal information, which is required to deliver the gift to you, will be shared with our e-gifting service technology provider, smartgift, inc., for the limited purpose of administering the e-gifting service.c. sharing with others.we may also share your information with third parties, including service providers engaged to provide services on our behalf, and may authorize them to use such information for our benefit, for instance, to process your order and to better communicate and provide appropriate offers to you and your gift recipient(s).examples of our information sharing include:internally we may share your information with company affiliates as described above, as well as subcontractors, agents, and consultants, who help us operate and improve our businesses and services.with our service providers we may share your information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. for example, this may include merchandise vendors and payment processors. it may also include companies that send emails on our behalf.with our business partners for example, this may include third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business.with third parties for marketing purposes. we may make such information (except for credit/debit card numbers, expiration dates and cvv codes, unless you consent otherwise), including aggregated information, available to selected third parties including, but not limited to, data processors and/or joint data controllers and those who share or rent information for direct marketing purposes, to enhance one or both of our advertising or promotional endeavors. this may include third parties that support or facilitate our marketing efforts and advertising campaigns, including those based on online behavioral advertising. however, personal information collected through our short code programs (sms and mms text messaging) is not shared with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.    with any successors to all or part of our business. for example, if we merge with, acquire or are acquired by another business entity. this may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization or other change of control.to comply with the law or to protect ourselves for example, this could include determining your eligibility to purchase a product containing alcohol, or responding to a court order or subpoena. it could also include sharing information for other legal purposes as set forth in section e below. we may share information when we are investigating a potential fraud. this could include fraud we think has occurred during a sweepstakes or promotion. we may also share information if you are the winner of a sweepstakes or other contest with anyone who requests a winners list.to update our records we may use your information to match it with other public and private data sources (such as the u.s. postal service and publicly available consumer data warehouses) or the records of our business partners solely to enhance our records and keep them current (such as by updating your profile with a new address, interests, and the like). we also may work with other third parties who possess your information to enrich and update our records for purposes of our advertising or promotional endeavors.in addition, we may make such information (except for credit/debit card numbers, expiration dates and cvv codes, unless you consent otherwise), including aggregated information, available to selected third parties for other reasons that we may describe to you at the time of collection.d. change of business.we may transfer your information in connection with the sale, lease, license, assignment (of part, or all, of our business), acquisition, merger, reorganization or change of control of the company, our affiliates, or the division responsible for the service with which your information is associated, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding.e. for legal purposes.in certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to comply with national security or law enforcement requirements. we reserve the right to disclose information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests, when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, respond to a government or legal request, comply with a government requirement, or to protect the rights or property of the company, its affiliates, users, customers, recipients, members, sponsors, providers, licensors, merchants and associates (as these terms are defined in the terms of use ).f. social mediaplease note that any personal information you reveal or post on one of our public forums (as defined in the terms of use ), such as a message board, chat room, blog, discussion group, folder, survey, contest, sweepstakes, user review and rate forum, and all user submissions, are not protected by this privacy notice and may be collected, shared and used by us, and with third parties, including to contact you. information you provide or post on our public forums, you disclose at your own risk. where we store your informationour service is operated in the united states and internationally. if you are located outside the united states, please be aware that any information you provide to us may be transferred to, and stored in, any country in which we conduct business, including the united states, the eu and the uk. by using the service or otherwise providing us with information, you hereby consent to this transfer. at times, for orders originating within the eu or uk or being delivered to the eu or uk, we may use third parties located within the eu or uk to process such orders. in so doing, we take steps to ensure those entities will process your information in a manner consistent with this privacy notice.although personal information collected by us through the service will be used by us in accordance with this privacy notice, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal information in the u.s. or elsewhere may not be as stringent as those in your home country. how long we keep your personal informationwe may retain your information in accordance with our data retention policies and for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements, or until you request us to stop using it. we may, however, keep some of your personal information to ensure that we comply with your request not to use your personal information or comply with your right to erasure. for example, we must keep your request to be erased, even if it includes your personal information, until such time as you are no longer our customer.if you have questions about our data retention policies, please contact us as noted below. how your information is securedthe security of your personal information is important to us. if you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at privacysupport@1800flowers.com.if you place an order on our website, it encrypts the credit/debit card number you submit prior to transmission over the internet using transport layer security (tls) encryption technology. this technology works best when the website is viewed using microsoft edge®, google chrome®, mozilla firefox®, and apple safari® browsers. however, no transmission of data over the internet or any other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information we receive.portions of the service (such as our member registration and address book) may require registration and log-in processes in which you will select a user id and password (collectively, the "password"). passwords provided to you by us are the confidential property of the company and may be used by you solely for your individual use of the service (and otherwise as specified by us). you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password and for all activities that occur using your password, whether or not authorized by you. you agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or accounts. how to limit the use of or modify your informationwe want to communicate with you only to the extent you want to hear from us.any promotional email we send to you will include an “unsubscribe” link to use or a link to opt-out of receiving further promotional emails from the sender.if you wish to set your preferences concerning promotional communications, or you prefer not to have your personal information shared with third parties, please let us know by contacting us as noted below in the “how to contact us” section and identify your preferences regarding promotional communications and the sharing of your contact information. your instructions will be processed as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with law.your privacy rightsthe 1-800-flowers.com® family of brands and company affiliates respect your control over your information and, upon request, we will confirm whether we hold or are processing information that we have collected from you. you may also amend or update inaccurate or incomplete personal information (including the right to obtain a copy of the corrected information), request deletion of your personal information, or request that we no longer use it. if you would like to update or correct information previously provided to us, please contact us as indicated below in the “how to contact us” section. upon your written request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information and will confirm whether the data has been corrected or deleted. we will respond to your request within any applicable timeframe and will notify you if an extension is needed.accurate information is important to all of us. if you would like to update or correct information previously provided to us, including your complete name, postal address, and email address, please contact customer service at 1-800-356-9377.members can directly access, modify and update their membership information (including name, payment methods, billing address, recipient addresses, and email address) by accessing the password-protected "your account” account overview page.you can opt out of our marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of these emails.  alternatively, you can email us at: privacysupport@1800flowers.com from the email address that you wish to have removed. what if i choose not to give you my personal information?you are not obligated to provide us your personal information. however, if the personal information is necessary to supply goods or services to you under a contract or an order between you and the company and you do not give us your personal information, then we will not be able to enter into that contract or honor that order for goods or services.nevada privacy rightsas a nevada resident, you may submit a request directing us not to make certain disclosures of personal information we maintain about you. you may submit your request to opt-out of the sale of your information by selecting this “do not sell my personal information” link or located at the bottom of our website page, by emailing privacysupport@1800flowers.com, or by calling us at 1-800-356-9377.california privacy rightsas a california resident, you have the right to request the information we collect about you, from whom it has been obtained, and the categories of business with which we share the information. this information is provided in this privacy notice in the sections above.you may also request:the specific categories of personal information we have collected about you during the previous 12 months;the specific personal information we have collected about you during the previous 12 months, depending upon verification of your identity or verification of the person authorized to act on your behalf;the categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties about you along with the categories of the organizations receiving that information during the previous 12 months;the categories of personal information we have sold to third parties about you along with the categories of the organizations receiving that information during the previous 12 months;the deletion of your personal information, subject to several exemptions available to us; andto opt-out of the sale of your information. you may submit your request to opt-out of the sale of your information by selecting the “do not sell my personal information” link, located at the bottom of our website page, or by emailing privacysupport@1800flowers.com, or by calling us at 1-800-356-9377. prior to honoring your opt-opt request, the company will make a reasonable attempt to verify your identity. you may designate an authorized agent to make a request to disclose or to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so and by verifying your own identity with us. the company will not discriminate against you if you take advantage of these rights. notice of financial incentive for california residentsthe 1-800-flowers.com family of brands provides you with opportunities to receive a variety of special offers, such as discount codes, in exchange for allowing us to collect, retain, and sell your personal information as described in this notice. this includes all categories of personal information listed in this notice.  in exchange for providing personal information, such as your email address or phone number, you may receive discounts on our products, additional products, or other financial incentives. the terms of each offer are presented at the time that you choose to provide information to us.you can opt into our special offers by providing the requested information associated with a specific offer. you have the right to withdraw from receiving special offers at any time. these instructions may vary by offer. please see the section of this notice entitled “how to limit the use of or modify your information” for more information.the special offers available to you are based upon our reasonable determination of the value that we receive from collecting, retaining, and selling personal information for our business.  this estimated value takes into account a variety of factors as permitted by law, including (but not limited to) our expenses incurred in collecting and selling the information and our expenses incurred in providing special offers to you. links to other websitesthe 1-800-flowers.com® family of brands wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to affiliated or third-party services, except the e-gifting service described above, you will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those services, not ours. we encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms whenever using, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other service.we may provide you with the ability to log into our service using a social media account, such as facebook connect.  we do not control the activities of such social media services and have no control over the data they collect or their privacy practices. you should review their privacy practices before using any such social media service. how to contact usthe 1-800-flowers.com® family of brands welcomes feedback concerning this privacy notice. please send your comments and questions to: privacysupport@1800flowers.com. please contact us by any method indicated below:write to us at:customer satisfaction department1-800-flowers.com, inc.two jericho plazasuite 200jericho, ny 11753telephone us at: 1-800-flowers (1-800-356-9377)when contacting us, please include or tell us your mailing address, and if you have a catalog, brochure or other mailing label from us, please include it with your request or have it ready when you call.for further information about our privacy notice or our processing of data about you, please contact us at:data privacy office1-800-flowers.com, inc.two jericho plazasuite 200jericho, ny 11753telephone us at: 1-800-flowers (1-800-356-9377)email at: privacysupport@1800flowers.comif you have a privacy or data use issue, please contact privacysupport@1800flowers.com first.  if the issue is  not addressed satisfactorily or in a timely manner, you may contact our u.s.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. changes to this privacy noticethe company may change this privacy notice from time to time in the future. any changes will be posted here and reflect the date of such changes on the first page of this privacy notice. we advise you to check back frequently to see any updates or changes.by using the website and the service, after such changes take effect, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the revised privacy notice and terms of use, of which this notice is a part. continue shopping back to top sign up & save $5 your order $25+ when you sign up for our newsletter! privacy notice check out why everyone istalking about pmall our products shop by occasionshop by recipientshop by productshop by salesite mapproduct reviews services contact usjoin our email listorder statusaffiliate programcelebrations passportcatalog quick orderdo not sell my personal information policies privacy noticeshipping information & ratesguarantee & return policyfrequently asked questionsterms of use about us our storyvisit our blogcorporate & group salescareerspmall in the news corporate about usour brandssocial responsibilitycareersnews & mediainvestorsaccessibility statement ©2022 1-800-flowers.com, inc. |  jericho, ny  | terms of use - privacy notice mobile site | help