来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241227130946/https://www.boscovs.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy - boscov's skip to content back to top menu created with sketch beta. shop search search help help track my order contact us faq stores stores find a boscovs store near you close created with sketch. locate store zipcode cannot be empty find acct my account about me saved addresses order history log out acct acct login account login create account bag 0 bag shop by department this week's ads boscov's bargain outlet holiday shop holiday home decorations bath bed christmas trees & stands dining & entertaining lights indoor decorations outdoor decorations ornaments stockings & tree skirts christmas themes deck the halls farmhouse gnomes winter wonderland pink christmas gingerbread holiday gift shop gifts for her gifts for men gifts for kids stocking stuffers beauty gifts jewelry gifts holiday gift cards gifts under $ under $10 under $20 under $50 under $100 featured shops hanukkah elf on the shelf grinch shop holiday clothing & accessories festive fam jams ugly christmas clothing new & now clothes for the family activewear boots coats hoodies & sweatshirts jeans pajamas socks sweaters underwear winter gear womens trends career suit separates daytime dresses denim plaids & checks sweater shop womens shoe trends tall boots loafers mary jane style platform booties juniors trends gift ideas gifts for her gifts for men gifts for teens gifts for kids gifts under $100 gifts under $50 gifts under $25 boscov's exclusive brands what's new featured shops the holiday shop new year's eve shop for the home new arrivals home climate bed bed pillows bedspreads & quilts blankets & throws comforters & sets duvet covers sheets fleece & flannel sheets bath bath accessories bath collections bath rugs & mats shower curtains & hardware towels luggage & backpacks personal care pet shop patio & outdoor furniture & mattresses all furniture bedroom living room home office kids room kitchen & dining room mattresses window treatments all window treatments $9.99 curtains curtains & drapes blackout & insulated blinds & shades sheer & semi sheer home decor candles decorative pillows lighting rugs wall décor kitchen & dining all kitchen & dining bakeware cookware cutlery dinnerware & serveware flatware gadgets & utensils glassware & drinkware kitchen appliances table linens specialty appliances storage & organization vacuums & cleaning supplies electronics as seen on tv candy & gourmet treats fan shop featured shops game day essentials warmth shop all home clearance womens new arrivals womens clothing activewear capris coats & jackets dresses hoodies & sweatshirts jeans leggings pants skirts sweaters tops dresses & suits new arrivals under $30 casual career dresses jumpsuits social & evening social separates suit separates maternity shop by size plus size petites juniors lingerie & pajamas bras lingerie pajamas & loungewear panties shapewear wardrobe solutions winter gear handbags & accessories shoes beauty jewelry & watches womens trends career separates daytime dresses denim plaids & checks sweater shop top gift ideas for her designer brands top brands alfred dunner architect calvin klein democracy emaline gloria vanderbilt hasting & smith napa valley preswick & moore ruby rd. skye's the limit zac & rachel all womens clearance shoes all shoes new arrivals womens shoes all womens shoes athletic sneakers boat shoes boots clogs & mules fashion sneakers flats heels & pumps loafers & moccasins oxfords sandals slippers special occasion work shoes womens boots ankle boots mid calf boots tall boots duck boots rain boots winter boots active brands asics avia fila ryka skechers mens shoes athletic sneakers boat shoes boots dress shoes fashion sneakers loafers & moccasins oxfords sandals slippers work shoes kids shoes girls shoes boys shoes kids boots kids slippers top brands birkenstock clarks dockers dr. scholls earth origins easy spirit easy street florsheim jbu lifestride naturalizer skechers vionic white mountain all shoes clearance handbags & access... all handbags & accessories new arrivals handbags all handbags clutches & evening bags crossbodies & messengers hobos satchels shoulder bags totes wallets & wristlets backpacks accessories all accessories belts hats rain gear reader glasses ruanas & capes scarves & wraps socks & hosiery sunglasses umbrellas winter gear wedding & bridal bridal gifts bridal jewelry mother of the bride dresses top registered gifts top brands anne klein bueno buxton dooney & bourke gold toe heat holders hue jessica simpson nine west rosetti sakroots the sak stone mountain all handbags clearance all handbags clearance juniors new arrivals juniors plus juniors clothing all juniors clothing athleisure career coats & jackets dresses fashion jackets hoodies & sweatshirts jeans jumpsuits leggings pants skirts sweaters tops intimates & loungewear shoes & accessories juniors beauty juniors trends staff faves mix & match cozy sets neutrals preppy & plaid top brands a. byer almost famous celebrity pink derek heart no comment poof ymi all juniors clearance juniors holiday fashions social dresses mens new arrivals mens clothing coats dress shirts graphic tees hoodies & sweatshirts flannel shirts jeans pants polos pajamas & robes shirts sport coats & blazers suits & suit separates sweaters underwear & socks big & tall young mens active & sports apparel activewear sports fan shop workwear office industrial accessories belts hats dress accessories ties watches wallets winter gear shoes athletic sneakers boots dress shoes slippers top gift ideas for men top brands architect champion chaps gildan izod lee levis us polo assn. spyder all mens clearance baby & kids new arrivals kids coats & winter gear girls clothing girls 4-6x girls 7-16 accessories activewear bottoms coats dresses pajamas sets sweaters tops winter gear boys clothing boys 4-7 boys 8-20 accessories activewear bottoms coats dress clothes pajamas sets tops underwear & socks winter gear baby & toddler baby girls baby boys toddler girls toddler boys coats pajamas sets winter gear nursery & decor baby blankets bedding sets crib sheets baby gear featured shops girl scouts kids shoes gifts for kids top brands adidas carter's champion tales & stories puma all kids clearance toys new arrivals shop by category action figures arts & crafts books bikes, scooters & ride-ons building sets & blocks dolls & dollhouses dress up & pretend play electronics & music toys games & puzzles learning toys & stem outdoor play science & discovery stuffed animals vehicles, trains & r/c cars baby & toddler toys top brands fisher price lego melissa & doug favorite characters barbie mickey mouse toys minnie mouse toys bluey disney princess frozen paw patrol ariel - the little mermaid top rated toys shop by price $10 & under $20 & under $50 & under all toys clearance elf on the shelf holiday barbie beauty new arrivals makeup all makeup brushes & applicators eyes face lips skincare all skincare cleansers eye & lip care masks & peels moisturizers serums sun care mens grooming beauty brands clinique estee lauder elizabeth arden philosophy calvin klein dolce&gabbana juicy couture michael kors versace poo pourri sundae st tropez grande cosmetics cerave fragrances all fragrances perfume cologne gift sets bath & body all bath & body body lotions body wash bath gift sets hair essentials hair care & tools indulge studio all beauty clearance beauty gifts $15 & under $25 & under $50 & under beauty gift sets jewelry & watches all jewelry & watches new arrivals fine jewelry all fine jewelry bracelets earrings necklaces & pendants rings fashion jewelry all fashion jewelry bracelets earrings necklaces & pendants rings sets mens jewelry kids jewelry wedding jewelry weddings sets engagement rings wedding bands shop by stone & material birthstones cubic zirconia diamonds lab grown diamond gold moissanite pearl & onyx sterling silver jewelry boxes & armoires watches watch bands womens mens kids smart watches top brands nova star citizen le vian gianni argento timex invicta bulova diamond jewelry classics gemstone classics gold classics guess jewelry jewelry gifts fine jewelry collections endless affection gentlemens classics loveblooms precious elegance true light all jewelry clearance clearance womens clearance clothing shoes handbags & accessories jewelry beauty mens clearance clothing accessories baby & kids clearance girls clothing boys clothing toddler clothing baby clothing toys clearance for the home bed & bath furniture & mattresses home décor luggage patio & outdoor kitchen & dining window treatments personal care end of season dresses sandals exclusive brands clearance online only clearance webbusters all clearance shop by brand gift cards gift registry optical center this week’s ads this week's ads boscov's bargain outlet boscov’s credit card track my order this week's ads boscov's bargain outlet holiday shop back holiday shop holiday home decorations bath bed christmas trees & stands dining & entertaining lights indoor decorations outdoor decorations ornaments stockings & tree skirts christmas themes deck the halls farmhouse gnomes winter wonderland pink christmas gingerbread holiday gift shop gifts for her gifts for men gifts for kids stocking stuffers beauty gifts jewelry gifts holiday gift cards gifts under $ under $10 under $20 under $50 under $100 featured shops hanukkah elf on the shelf grinch shop holiday clothing & accessories festive fam jams ugly christmas clothing new & now back new & now gift cards clothes for the family activewear boots coats hoodies & sweatshirts jeans pajamas socks sweaters underwear winter gear womens trends career suit separates daytime dresses denim plaids & checks sweater shop womens shoe trends tall boots loafers mary jane style platform booties juniors trends gift ideas gifts for her gifts for men gifts for teens gifts for kids gifts under $100 gifts under $50 gifts under $25 boscov's exclusive brands what's new featured shops the holiday shop new year's eve shop for the home back for the home new arrivals home climate bed bed pillows bedspreads & quilts blankets & throws comforters & sets duvet covers sheets fleece & flannel sheets bath bath accessories bath collections bath rugs & mats shower curtains & hardware towels luggage & backpacks personal care pet shop patio & outdoor furniture & mattresses all furniture bedroom living room home office kids room kitchen & dining room mattresses window treatments all window treatments $9.99 curtains curtains & drapes blackout & insulated blinds & shades sheer & semi sheer home decor candles decorative pillows lighting rugs wall décor kitchen & dining all kitchen & dining bakeware cookware cutlery dinnerware & serveware flatware gadgets & utensils glassware & drinkware kitchen appliances table linens specialty appliances storage & organization vacuums & cleaning supplies electronics as seen on tv candy & gourmet treats fan shop featured shops game day essentials warmth shop all home clearance womens back womens new arrivals womens clothing all womens clothing activewear capris coats & jackets dresses hoodies & sweatshirts jeans leggings pants skirts sweaters tops dresses & suits new arrivals under $30 casual career dresses jumpsuits social & evening social separates suit separates maternity shop by size plus size petites juniors lingerie & pajamas bras lingerie pajamas & loungewear panties shapewear wardrobe solutions winter gear handbags & accessories shoes beauty jewelry & watches womens trends career separates daytime dresses denim plaids & checks sweater shop top gift ideas for her designer brands top brands alfred dunner architect calvin klein democracy emaline gloria vanderbilt hasting & smith napa valley preswick & moore ruby rd. skye's the limit zac & rachel all womens clearance shoes back shoes all shoes new arrivals womens shoes all womens shoes athletic sneakers boat shoes boots clogs & mules fashion sneakers flats heels & pumps loafers & moccasins oxfords sandals slippers special occasion work shoes womens boots ankle boots mid calf boots tall boots duck boots rain boots winter boots active brands asics avia fila ryka skechers mens shoes athletic sneakers boat shoes boots dress shoes fashion sneakers loafers & moccasins oxfords sandals slippers work shoes kids shoes girls shoes boys shoes kids boots kids slippers top brands birkenstock clarks dockers dr. scholls earth origins easy spirit easy street florsheim jbu lifestride naturalizer skechers vionic white mountain all shoes clearance handbags & accessories back handbags & accessories all handbags & accessories new arrivals handbags all handbags clutches & evening bags crossbodies & messengers hobos satchels shoulder bags totes wallets & wristlets backpacks accessories all accessories belts hats rain gear reader glasses ruanas & capes scarves & wraps socks & hosiery sunglasses umbrellas winter gear wedding & bridal bridal gifts bridal jewelry mother of the bride dresses top registered gifts top brands anne klein bueno buxton dooney & bourke gold toe heat holders hue jessica simpson nine west rosetti sakroots the sak stone mountain all handbags clearance juniors back juniors new arrivals juniors plus juniors clothing all juniors clothing athleisure career coats & jackets dresses fashion jackets hoodies & sweatshirts jeans jumpsuits leggings pants skirts sweaters tops intimates & loungewear shoes & accessories juniors beauty juniors trends staff faves mix & match cozy sets neutrals preppy & plaid top brands a. byer almost famous celebrity pink derek heart no comment poof ymi all juniors clearance juniors holiday fashions social dresses mens back mens new arrivals mens clothing coats dress shirts graphic tees hoodies & sweatshirts flannel shirts jeans pants polos pajamas & robes shirts sport coats & blazers suits & suit separates sweaters underwear & socks big & tall young mens active & sports apparel activewear sports fan shop workwear office industrial accessories belts hats dress accessories ties watches wallets winter gear shoes athletic sneakers boots dress shoes slippers top gift ideas for men top brands architect champion chaps gildan izod lee levis us polo assn. spyder all mens clearance baby & kids back baby & kids new arrivals kids coats & winter gear girls clothing girls 4-6x girls 7-16 accessories activewear bottoms coats dresses pajamas sets sweaters tops winter gear boys clothing boys 4-7 boys 8-20 accessories activewear bottoms coats dress clothes pajamas sets tops underwear & socks winter gear baby & toddler baby girls baby boys toddler girls toddler boys coats pajamas sets winter gear nursery & decor baby blankets bedding sets crib sheets baby gear featured shops girl scouts kids shoes gifts for kids top brands adidas carter's champion tales & stories puma all kids clearance toys back toys new arrivals shop by category action figures arts & crafts books bikes, scooters & ride-ons building sets & blocks dolls & dollhouses dress up & pretend play electronics & music toys games & puzzles learning toys & stem outdoor play science & discovery stuffed animals vehicles, trains & r/c cars online exclusive toys baby & toddler toys top brands fisher price lego melissa & doug favorite characters barbie mickey mouse toys minnie mouse toys bluey disney princess frozen paw patrol ariel - the little mermaid top rated toys shop by price $10 & under $20 & under $50 & under all toys clearance elf on the shelf holiday barbie beauty back beauty new arrivals makeup all makeup brushes & applicators eyes face lips skincare all skincare cleansers eye & lip care masks & peels moisturizers serums sun care mens grooming beauty brands clinique estee lauder elizabeth arden philosophy calvin klein dolce&gabbana juicy couture michael kors versace poo pourri sundae st tropez grande cosmetics cerave fragrances all fragrances perfume cologne gift sets bath & body all bath & body body lotions body wash bath gift sets hair essentials hair care & tools indulge studio all beauty clearance beauty gifts $15 & under $25 & under $50 & under beauty gift sets jewelry & watches back jewelry & watches all jewelry & watches new arrivals fine jewelry all fine jewelry bracelets earrings necklaces & pendants rings fashion jewelry all fashion jewelry bracelets earrings necklaces & pendants rings sets mens jewelry kids jewelry wedding jewelry weddings sets engagement rings wedding bands shop by stone & material birthstones cubic zirconia diamonds lab grown diamond gold moissanite pearl & onyx sterling silver jewelry boxes & armoires watches watch bands womens mens kids smart watches top brands nova star citizen le vian gianni argento timex invicta bulova diamond jewelry classics gemstone classics gold classics guess jewelry jewelry gifts fine jewelry collections endless affection gentlemens classics loveblooms precious elegance true light all jewelry clearance clearance back clearance womens clearance clothing shoes handbags & accessories jewelry beauty mens clearance clothing accessories baby & kids clearance girls clothing boys clothing toddler clothing baby clothing toys clearance for the home bed & bath furniture & mattresses home décor luggage patio & outdoor kitchen & dining window treatments personal care end of season dresses sandals exclusive brands clearance online only clearance webbusters all clearance shop by brand gift cards gift registry this week’s ads important info terms & conditions mobile terms & conditions accessibility privacy policy supply chain transparency disclosure pricing disclosure return cancellation policy boscov's privacy policy last updated: april 13, 2023 welcome to boscov’s. at boscov’s we respect our customers and understand that you are concerned about privacy. earning and keeping your trust is important to us – therefore we take the protection and proper use of your personal information seriously. in order to earn and keep your trust, we want you to understand what personal information we collect, how we use such information, and your choices regarding how we use this information. the following privacy policy ("policy") applies both when you enter a physical boscov’s store location and when you visit the boscov’s websites, applications, or services that link to this policy (a "boscov’s site" or the "boscov’s sites"), including: boscovs.com; boscov’s social media pages. this policy outlines: why and how we collect your personal information; how we use and protect your personal information; with whom and when we share your personal information; and the choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your personal information. what does this privacy policy include? personal information this policy focuses on "personal information." personal information, for purposes of this policy, is information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as: name; address; email address; or phone number. for example, when you buy an item that requires in-home delivery, place an order online for in-store or home delivery, or call or chat with a boscov’s care center agent, we may collect personal information from you, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, and credit or debit card information. for the purposes of this policy, internet identifiers, such as ip addresses, as well as device identifiers, mobile ad identifiers, and customer numbers are also personal information. terms and conditions this privacy policy is incorporated by reference into our terms and conditions, which can be read here. boscov’s credit card banking partner’s privacy policy this privacy policy does not apply to information you provide directly to our banking partner, which offers the boscov’s credit card. to view the separate boscov’s credit card privacy policy that describes how our banking partner uses your information in connection with the boscov’s credit card, please click here. what type of information do we collect about you? we may collect personal information about you in two ways: information we receive from you and information we receive from others about you. information we receive from you includes information you share with us, such as when you create an account on any of the boscov’s sites. this includes information we automatically collect through internet technology, such as through a cookie placed on your computer when you visit a boscov’s site. we also receive information from other sources to help us augment our records, personalize our service to you, and detect fraud. information we receive from you how we receive information. you share information with us in various ways in our stores and online. among other examples, we receive information when you: -make a purchase in our stores or online at boscov’s sites. -make a return or exchange. -purchase an electronic gift card. -create a personalized boscov’s sites shopping account. -track an order online. -place items in your online shopping cart or save items for future purchase. -sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages (including offers and sales alerts). -provide your contact information to our beauty associates. -participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests, surveys or focus groups. -create or update a gift registry. -use the ratings & reviews or related services and features. -submit a request to our customer service team. -submit an application for employment. -sign up for, and/or maintain, a boscov’s credit card. -interact with boscov’s social media pages. -interact with boscov’s sites, for example, when you: --visit and navigate boscov’s sites on any device. --enable location-based features on a boscov’s site. --click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements on boscov’s sites or on other websites and online services. --use any wi-fi services that we may provide from time to time in some stores. -visit stores; boscov’s uses cameras in and around its stores for security and operational purposes. types of information we receive. the information boscov’s may receive from you includes: contact information. when you make a purchase, create an account on a boscov’s site, or otherwise provide it to us, we collect your contact information. for example, we may collect your name, mailing address, email address and telephone number, including your mobile phone number. payment information. when you make a purchase using a check, credit card, debit card, or other payment method in-store or on a boscov’s site, we collect information necessary to process the payment. for example, we may collect your payment card number, checking account number and billing address. information you post. if you comment or otherwise provide information in a public space on a boscov’s site, we collect a record of it and any personal information included in the comment. for example, this may include posting a review using our ratings & reviews feature. social media information. we may collect information you post on our social media pages, including your social media profile information when you submit a post. for example, if you comment on a boscov’s social media post on facebook, we may collect the information you provide and any profile information you make available about yourself on facebook. event information. if you create a gift registry or wish list for an event like a wedding, birthday, or holiday, we collect the mailing address and other personal information associated with your event registry. some of your information, including name, city, state, and event date (where applicable) may be accessible on the boscov’s sites, mobile or social applications, partner registries, and kiosks in stores. likewise, if you purchase an item from a registry or wish list, information such as your name and billing address will be made available to the individual who created the registry or wish list. information you submit through online functionality. if you use chat features on a boscov’s site to complete an order, make a product inquiry, or communicate with us for another purpose, we collect any information you communicate to us. for example, when you contact us through the "live chat" feature on a boscov’s site, we collect a record of the communication and any personal information you provide during the live chat. demographic information. if you create an account with boscov’s or choose to provide information through promotions or other methods, we may request that you provide demographic information. for example, we may request your age, gender and zip code. identification information. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may collect your driver’s license, military identification, state-issued picture identification and passport information. for example, we may collect this information if you return an item without a receipt. location information. from time to time, we and third-party service providers may collect precise location information from your device. for example, your in-store location may be collected from your mobile device when you enter a boscov’s store. additionally, some of our mobile services may include the functionality to use your device’s location information for providing you with personalized offers and promotions based on your location. you can adjust the settings of your mobile device at any time to control whether your device communicates this location information. see your device instructions to learn more about these settings. in addition, we may offer you controls on our use of your mobile location information. for more information about your choices related to location information, see the "what are your choices" section below. device information. we and third-party partners may automatically collect technical information when you visit a boscov’s site. this may include information such as device id or mac number, internet protocol (ip) address, the type of mobile device you use, your device operating system and browser type, a unique device identifier, the address of a referring website, the path you take through the boscov’s sites, and other information about your session on the boscov’s sites. we use device information to provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you and to provide and improve our products and services. browsing information. we and third-party partners may use technologies such as cookies (session and persistent), web beacons, and mobile device identifiers and similar technologies to automatically collect information about the use of the boscov’s sites. for example, cookies allow us to provide you relevant information as you use or return to the boscov’s sites. web beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited, an email was opened, or if ad banners on the boscov’s sites and other website were effective. we use these tools to provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you and to provide and improve our products and services. abandoned cart information boscov’s uses cookies to collect information around abandoned shopping carts. a cart is considered abandoned within one hour of inactivity/lack of purchase. once the cart is considered abandoned, an sms message will be sent as a reminder. cameras. we operate video cameras in store for security and operational purposes. call and chat recordings. if you contact boscov’s by phone or through a live chat, we may make and keep recordings of phone calls and chat sessions, as well as information about your call or chat. for example, we may make records of any information you share with us when you call us on the phone or chat with us online. by contacting us through these methods you agree to our recording and storage of the information. technology used for serving advertising. when you visit boscov’s sites or open our emails, we and our third-party partners, such as advertising networks, social media widgets, and analytics providers, collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons and web server logs. by using the boscov’s sites, you consent to the placement of cookies, beacons, and other similar technology in your browser and on emails in accordance with this privacy policy. the information collected in this manner includes ip address, browser characteristics, device ids and characteristics, operating system version, language preferences, referring urls, and information about the usage of the boscov’s sites. we may use this information, for example, to determine how many users have visited certain pages or opened messages or newsletters, or to prevent fraud. we may link this data to your profile. our partners also may collect and combine information collected on the boscov’s sites and via email with other information about your online activities over time, on other devices, and on other websites or apps, if those websites and apps also use the same partners. we currently use google analytics, adobe analytics and microsoft clarity to collect and process certain website usage data. to learn more about google analytics and how to opt out, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners. to learn more about adobe analytics and how to opt out, please visit www.adobe.com/privacy.html. to learn more about microsoft clarity please visit microsoft's privacy policy at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement. to opt out of microsoft clarity, visit daa's webchoices tool. we may also use monetate support advertising, promotional, and other marketing-related functions on the boscov’s sites. to learn more about monetate, please visit https://www.monetate.com/platform-privacy-policy. . you may be able to change browser settings to block and delete cookies when you access boscov’s sites through a web browser. however, if you do that, the boscov’s site you access may not work properly. the boscov’s sites do not respond to browser do-not-track. information we receive from other sources we receive information about you from other sources to help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of our service to you, and prevent or detect fraud. some examples of third-party sources from which we receive information include: --our business partners, including online advertising networks and companies that co-sponsor our promotions. --social media platforms, including facebook, twitter, youtube, pinterest and instagram. --companies that provide information to supplement what we already know about you. how do we use your personal information? we use your personal information to offer and provide you products and services and to support our business functions. these business functions include order and service fulfillment, internal business processes, marketing, authentication, loss and fraud prevention, public safety, product and service improvement and development, and legal functions. some examples include: --to fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests; --to improve our products and services; --to register, verify and service your account; --to administer and communicate with you about contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys; --to provide customer service and alert you to product information; --to help us personalize our service offerings, the boscov’s sites, and our advertising; --to help us improve your experience in our stores and through the boscov’s sites and to administer the boscov’s sites; --to send you or display to you information about our products, services, and promotions; --to respond to reviews, comments, or other feedback you provide us; --to comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards, our policies, and our terms and conditions; --to protect the security and integrity of the boscov’s sites, our business, our employees, our customers, and you; and --as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you. combining personal information with other data. we may combine personal information with other data collected online and offline, including information from third party sources (such as combining your name with your geographic location) and from across the boscov’s sites. for example, we may combine information we know about you from in-store purchases with your product searches on the boscov’s sites to make personalized product suggestions. additionally, we might link your activity from your mobile device with information from a laptop computer or home computer so that we can recognize you easily from device to device. if we do combine personal information with other data, the combined information will be treated by us as personal information hereunder as long as it is so combined. anonymous or aggregated data. we may use and/or share anonymous or aggregated information for any business purpose permitted by applicable law. how do we share your personal information outside of boscov’s? we may share your personal information for various purposes, such as to conduct our business, when legally required, or otherwise with your consent. for example when you enter a sweepstakes or other promotion, we may share your contact information for purposes of enabling third parties to communicate with you in connection with the sweepstakes or promotion. we may share your personal information outside of our corporate family of companies in the following circumstances: vendors and service providers. we share personal information about you with vendors and service providers that help with our business activities, including shipping vendors, payment card processors, and companies that help us improve our products and services. for example, we share your information with suppliers who provide direct fulfillment services when you order certain products that are designated as "available online only." your personal information may be stored and processed by our vendors and service providers in the united states or other locations where the service providers or boscov’s have facilities. displaying to other users. the information and content you provide on boscov’s sites may be displayed to other users. for example, when you post a product review including your name or other information about you, that information may be visible to other users. we also show information about you to creators of registries or wish lists if you participant with them. we are not responsible for how other users will view and use the posted information. social networking websites. the boscov’s sites may allow you to share information with social networking websites, such as facebook. their use of the information will be governed by their privacy policies, and we are not responsible for how they treat the information. business partners. we may share your information with other businesses that we partner with to provide you services or to offer you products and promotions. for instance, we may share your information with third parties that provide the boscov’s credit card or a third party that cosponsors a contest you enter. we also may share information we collect with affiliated companies and licensees within the boscov’s corporate family of companies, such as the optical and hearing aid departments in our stores. other examples of business partners include companies that enable or maintain our registry platforms and contests. boscov’s credit card. your boscov’s credit card is issued by comenity capital bank. we share customer information with comenity capital bank for the purpose of providing customer service, operating customer loyalty programs and as otherwise necessary for operation of the credit program. we may share your information with comenity capital bank prior to you applying for a boscov’s credit card so that they can provide you with information and offers. if you apply for and/or make a purchase with your boscov’s credit card, the comenity capital bank financial privacy policy and online privacy policy will apply. for more information, please see the comenity capital bank financial privacy and online privacy policies, available here. third parties for their marketing purposes. we share, sell, and rent your information with other businesses for their business purposes, including to offer or advertise services and products that may interest you as permitted by applicable law. this includes sharing with third parties who directly market products to you, as well as third parties who share your information with others for their marketing purposes. merger, sale, or other asset transfers. if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be disclosed in connection with the negotiation of such transaction, and/or sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. compliance with the law or to protect ourselves or others. we may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; respond to your requests; comply with the law; or protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. for example, we may share your information in order to: -protect the health or safety of customers; -address crimes committed on boscov’s property; identify, investigate, and address possible fraud or financial risk; -provide personal information from cameras to law enforcement at their request; -respond to a search warrant or other valid legal inquiry; -identify you as the winner of a sweepstakes or other contest upon receipt of a winners list request; or -respond to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or violation of law. products and services offered by other businesses. we will sometimes enable other businesses to make products or services available to our customers, such as through the boscov’s supplier direct fulfillment process. we indicate products of this kind by noting that the product is "available online only." with your consent. with your consent, we may share your personal information outside of our corporate family of companies. as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you. we may share personal information as permitted by law or as we describe to you in future notices. all the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties. what are your choices? we offer you certain choices about how we collect, use, or share your personal information. these choices are described below. marketing preferences when we send marketing communications to you, we provide the following options: telemarketing, direct mail, and email. you may opt out of telemarketing, direct mail, or email from us. we enable you to opt out of certain communications and uses of your personal information, including: -email and other communications from us, such as postal mail; and -our sharing of your personal information with third parties for their use in direct marketing, including for promotional purposes. for other types of communication, we will request your opt-in consent before communicating with you. for instance, we may ask you to check a box permitting us to send you marketing-related phone calls and a messages. you may opt out of email marketing by using the unsubscribe link in a marketing email. you can also provide us with your marketing preferences by sending an email to [email protected] or by sending a letter to: boscov’s, inc. attn: chief compliance officer 4500 perkiomen ave. reading, pa 19606 if you contact us by email or mail, please be sure to include your full name, the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive, and your related contact information. for instance, if you would like to opt out of mail, include your mailing address. please allow sufficient time for your marketing preferences to be processed. it may take up to ten days to process your requests related to email and up to 30 days to process your requests related to telephone calls, text messages, and sharing information with your consent. please note that postal mailings are often prepared many weeks in advance, and you may continue to receive mail for six to ten weeks. since we do not accept opt-out requests from third parties, such as catalog opt-out services (other than the provider of our private label credit card program), please communicate your request directly to us through one of the mechanisms mentioned above. please know that, even if you opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still contact you for transactional or informational purposes. some examples are contacts for customer service, product information, service or reminder notices, or customer surveys. we may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order. personalized advertising preferences we personalize your experience on boscov’s sites and on other websites and online services by showing you advertisements that are tailored to your interests. we may share your personal information with third party marketing companies that use ad networks that rely on your browsing history on websites and mobile services and other information to show you personalizedadvertisements on boscov’s sites and on other websites. for example, if you browse or shop for dresses with us or on other sites, we may show you ads for dresses as you continue to browse the internet. you can opt out of receiving personalized advertisements on your browser or device from advertisers or advertising networks who are members of the network advertising initiative or who subscribe to the digital advertising alliance’s self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising by visiting the opt-out options of each of those organizations. links to those sites are here: network advertising initiative: -browser opt-out: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choice/ digital advertising alliance: -browser opt-out: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ both network advertising initiative and digital advertising alliance -app opt-out: http://youradchoices.com/appchoices google -browser opt-out: https://adssettings.google.com/ bing -browser opt-out: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads facebook -browser opt-out: http://facebook.com/about/ads when you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see online advertising on boscov’s sites and/or our ads on other websites and online services. you may also be able to opt out of advertisements in other ways, including: -opt out through website-specific mechanisms. some websites, such as facebook, offer their own opt-out methods. please refer to the website that you are visiting for additional information. browser-based opt outs. some internet browsers (e.g., internet explorer, firefox, chrome) offer their own opt outs for personalized advertising. the ad networks and ad service providers we participate with may not recognize these opt outs. -mobile opt outs. many mobile devices offer their own device-specific opt outs for personalized advertising. please refer to your device settings and instructions for additional information. one-to-one relationships with boscov’s sales associates customers who would like to end their one-to-one relationship with a boscov’s sales associate, beauty advisor, personal shopper or similar sales associate and stop receiving related communications can do so through the following methods: -text the associate asking to end the client relationship; -call the associate directly and asking to end the one-to-one relationship; -visit the associate in the boscov’s store and ask to end the one-to-one relationship; or call our customer service department at 1-800-284-8155. note: ending the one-to-one relationship with a sales associate ends the relationship with that associate. your information may be retained by boscov’s and may be used by other sales associates if you begin a new one-to-one relationship. analytics boscov’s uses third-party analytics companies on boscov’s sites and mobile applications. google analytics. to learn more about google analytics’ privacy practices and any opt-out choices google offers, click here. adobe analytics. to learn more about adobe analytics’ privacy practices and any opt-out choices it offers, click here. microsoft clarity to learn more about microsoft's privacy practices and any opt-out choices it offers, click here. how may you access and update your personal information? we provide you with various ways to update your personal information. we also take reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete. you can update your personal information, including contact or account information, in the following ways: -if you have created an account on a boscov’s site, log into your account at https://www.boscovs.com/shop/sitelogon.bos. once you do so, you will be able to enter and update your own contact information, as well as the contact information for any recipients you have designated. -contact us through one of the ways listed in the "boscov’s privacy contacts" section below. please include your current contact information, the information you are interested in accessing, and your requested changes. we will provide you the personal information requested if it is reasonably available and unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals, and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures. otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect. we will make the changes you request, or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request. -if you need to access your personal information related to a specified service provided to you by a boscov’s service provider or business partner, we will refer you to the service provider or business partner. please contact us via the "boscov’s privacy contacts" section below. how do we secure your personal information? we recognize the importance of maintaining the security of our customers’ personal information. whether you are shopping on the boscov’s sites or in our stores, we use reasonable security measures, including physical, administrative, and technical safeguards. these measures may include security access controls or other physical security safeguards, information security technologies, policies and procedures to help ensure the appropriate disposal of information, and training programs. the internet is not 100% secure. we cannot promise that your use of the boscov’s sites will be completely safe. we encourage you to use caution when using the internet. we use reasonable means to safeguard personal information under our control. a user id and a password are needed to access certain areas of the boscov’s sites. it is your responsibility to protect your username and password. where does boscov’s store your personal information? information we maintain may be stored in the united states. if you live outside of the united states, you understand and agree that we may transfer your personal information to the united states. this site is subject to u.s. laws, which may not provide the same level of protection as those in your own country. how does boscov’s retain your personal information? we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the products and services offered through the boscov’s sites. we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. links to third-party websites boscov’s sites may contain links to third-party sites that are not governed by this privacy policy, such as gift registry pages hosted by myregistry.com. if you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control. we are not responsible for the privacy practices used by third-party sites. we suggest that you read the privacy policies of those sites carefully. how does boscov’s protect the privacy of children? we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the boscov’s sites are directed to children under the age of 13. if you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may alert us at [email protected]. if we learn that we have collected any personal information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account, if any. what are your california privacy rights? our privacy policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes. the privacy policy and rights apply to all customers, including california residents. if you are a minor under 18 and have a profile on boscov’s sites, you may ask us to remove reviews or other content that you posted on any given site by writing to [email protected]. we will begin to process your request within 30 days. after completing the request, we may continue to hold your content and information and such content and information may remain publicly available if your association with the content and information is removed (e.g., we anonymize the post) or another user posted, copied, or re-posted the content and information. california shine the light law under california’s "shine the light" law, california residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. if applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information shared, the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year, and descriptions of the likely types of marketing the third parties would send. to obtain this information from us, please send an email message to [email protected] or mail us at the address below with "request for california privacy information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. if you are a california resident, we will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response. please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "shine the light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response. boscov’s privacy contacts you can contact the boscov’s privacy manager by email at [email protected] or by postal mail at the addresses below: boscov’s, inc. attn: chief compliance officer 4500 perkiomen ave. reading, pa 19606 how will i know if this policy changes? we may make changes to this policy from time to time, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. we will take steps to notify you of material changes to this policy by email, on boscov’s sites, or by other methods. we encourage you to read this privacy policy periodically to stay up-to-date about our privacy practices. as long as you use a boscov’s site, you are agreeing to this privacy policy and any updates we make to it. for any questions regarding this policy or any updates to the policy, please contact [email protected]> contact us 1-800-284-8155 shopper services monday-saturday 9:00am to 8:00pm and sunday 10:00am to 7:00pm est. you can also contact us by email or chat, click here view full footer customer service track my order contact us shipping information easy returns free curbside pickup faqs faqs recall notices shopping gift cards shop by brand free curbside pickup military discount gift registry find a store our company about boscov's travel center optical center vendors careers important info terms and conditions accessibility privacy policy supply chain transparency disclosure pricing disclosure return policy contact us phone 1-800-284-8155 email us social facebook twitter pinterest instagram boscov's credit - be rewarded apply for boscov's credit card pay my bill © copyright 2000-2024, boscov's department store, llc. x © 2024 boscov's. to use your boscov's military discount you must be a registered boscovs.com user. please login into your account or create an account login welcome back! please enter your email address and password to login into your online account forgot password? cancel login we have recently updated the site to improve your shopping experience. if you already have a boscovs.com shopping account you’ll need to reset your password the first time you log in. otherwise, checkout as a guest or create an account.to reset, enter your email address and click the “forgot password” link to get started. create an account you will have the opportunity to register during checkout. yes, i would like to receive e-mails about sales and other boscovs.com special events. cancel create account checkout as guest you will have the opportunity to register during checkout cancel continue as guest create an account you will have the opportunity to register during checkout. yes, i would like to receive e-mails about sales and other boscovs.com special events. cancel create account & checkout no thank you i won't use my military discount at this time continue as guest your connection to this website is secure.