来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171026044840/https://www.essentialhardware.com/terms-conditions/terms-of-use
================================================================================

terms of use javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. my account | sign in register project planner customer service 888-839-8909 live chat checkout cart essential hardware free shippingon orders $75 & up search need it,click it,done! it looks like you're using an older version of browser. to best view our site — and for a better experience overall on the web — please update your browser using the links below. it's free and it takes just a minute.download the latest version of chrome, firefox or internet explorer. menu search account search my account sign in register need it,click it,done! home » terms of use terms & conditionsterms of useprivacy policy terms and conditions welcome to www.essentialhardware.com. the www.essentialhardware.com website (the "site") is comprised of various web pages operated by essential hardware ("eh"). www.essentialhardware.com is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the "terms"). your use of www.essentialhardware.com constitutes your agreement to all such terms. please read these terms carefully, and keep a copy of them for your reference. www.essentialhardware.com is a e-commerce site providing the sale of products and services to the general public. privacy your use of www.essentialhardware.com is subject to eh's privacy policy. please review our privacy policy, which also governs the site and informs users of our data collection practices. electronic communications visiting www.essentialhardware.com or sending emails to eh constitutes electronic communications. you consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email and on the site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. your account if you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. you may not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity. you acknowledge that eh is not responsible for third party access to your account that results from theft or misappropriation of your account. eh and its associates reserve the right to refuse or cancel service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content in our sole discretion. eh does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from persons under the age of thirteen. if you are under 18, you may use www.essentialhardware.com only with permission of a parent or guardian. cancellation/refund policy if for any reason, you are not satisfied with a product you purchased through essentialhardware.com then return the item in its original packaging within thirty (30) days of your receiving the product in exchange for a full refund. when returning items to us we issue a credit to the credit card used for the original transaction in the amount of the purchase price of the product. for defective products or those that were shipped in error we will also refund related shipping charges. orders cannot be changed or cancelled online. contact us immediately after placing your order, and we will do everything we can to accommodate your request. please note our automated process fills orders very quickly, so the time window for changes or cancellations is very short. if it is too late to cancel your order, you may return any unwanted items in accordance with our return policy. you must be 18 or older to purchase ammunition and other restricted items. for safety reasons, many of these items cannot be returned and may only be shipped via ground to the 48 contiguous states. if purchasing ammunition, ensure you use the correct caliber and/or gauge in your firearm. many states and/or municipalities have certain restrictions in place which may prevent shipment/ordering of various items. check your local laws and regulations before ordering. links to third party sites/third party services www.essentialhardware.com may contain links to other websites ("linked sites"). the linked sites are not under the control of eh and eh is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, including without limitation any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to a linked site. eh is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by eh of the site or any association with its operators. certain services made available via www.essentialhardware.com are delivered by third party sites and organizations. by using any product, service or functionality originating from the www.essentialhardware.com domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that eh may share such information and data with any third party with whom eh has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of www.essentialhardware.com users and customers. no unlawful or prohibited use/intellectual property you are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use www.essentialhardware.com strictly in accordance with these terms of use. as a condition of your use of the site, you warrant to eh that you will not use the site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms. you may not use the site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the site. you may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the site. all content included as part of the service, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the site, is the property of eh or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. you agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto. you will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the site. eh content is not for resale. your use of the site does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content. you will use protected content solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of eh and the copyright owner. you agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content. we do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of eh or our licensors except as expressly authorized by these terms. use of communication services the site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "communication services"), you agree to use the communication services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular communication service. by way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a communication service, you will not: defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others; publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information; upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer; advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such communication service specifically allows such messages; conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters; download any file posted by another user of a communication service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner; falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded, restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the communication services; violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular communication service; harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; violate any applicable laws or regulations. eh has no obligation to monitor the communication services. however, eh reserves the right to review materials posted to a communication service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. eh reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the communication services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever. eh reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in eh's sole discretion. always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any communication service. eh does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any communication service and, therefore, eh specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the communication services and any actions resulting from your participation in any communication service. managers and hosts are not authorized eh spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of eh. materials uploaded to a communication service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. you are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you upload the materials. materials provided to www.essentialhardware.com or posted on any eh web page eh does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to www.essentialhardware.com (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any eh site or our associated services (collectively "submissions"). however, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your submission you are granting eh, our affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your submission in connection with the operation of their internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your submission; and to publish your name in connection with your submission. no compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your submission, as provided herein. eh is under no obligation to post or use any submission you may provide and may remove any submission at any time in eh's sole discretion. by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the submissions. third party accounts you will be able to connect your eh account to third party accounts. by connecting your eh account to your third party account, you acknowledge and agree that you are consenting to the continuous release of information about you to others (in accordance with your privacy settings on those third party sites). if you do not want information about you to be shared in this manner, do not use this feature. international users the service is controlled, operated and administered by eh from our offices within the usa. if you access the service from a location outside the usa, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. you agree that you will not use the eh content accessed through www.essentialhardware.com in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations. indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless eh, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the site or services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this agreement or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. eh reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with eh in asserting any available defenses. typographical errors we strive to make every piece of information listed on our site as accurate as possible. despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information errors may appear from time to time. in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price, with incorrect information due to typographical error, or incorrect product information from the manufacturer we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders. if you receive a product and find the product is not as described your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition for a full refund. please contact customer service for return information. liability disclaimer the information, software, products, and services included in or available through the site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. changes are periodically added to the information herein. essential hardware and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the site at any time. essential hardware and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the site for any purpose. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty or condition of any kind. essential hardware and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall essential hardware and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the site, with the delay or inability to use the site or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the site, or otherwise arising out of the use of the site, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if essential hardware or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. if you are dissatisfied with any portion of the site, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the site. termination/access restriction eh reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. to the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the state of new jersey and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in new jersey in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the site. use of the site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms, including, without limitation, this section. you agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and eh as a result of this agreement or use of the site. eh's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of eh's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the site or information provided to or gathered by eh with respect to such use. if any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and eh with respect to the site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and eh with respect to the site. a printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. it is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in english. changes to terms eh reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the terms under which www.essentialhardware.com is offered. the most current version of the terms will supersede all previous versions. eh encourages you to periodically review the terms to stay informed of our updates. contact us eh welcomes your questions or comments regarding the terms: essential hardware 95 newfield ave edison, new jersey 08837 email address: support@essentialhardware.com telephone number: 888-839-8909 effective as of june 09, 2014 why choose essential hardware? 30 day no hassle returns easy online returns process fast turn around. free shipping on orders $75 & up low cost shipping on everything else. toll free customer service 24/7 customer service when you need it. earn 5% rewards on every purchase savings on every dollar you spend. sign up for ournewsletter submit see a sample newsletter get notified of sales and special offers be the first to know about new products receive exclusive, member-only deals thank you for signing up for the essential hardware mailing list. see a sample newsletter today's daily deal get a ugc incentive help center customer service return policy shipping & delivery payments all help topics company info about us news contact info careers become an affiliate reviews resources diy projects contractor corner follow us on twitter see our pins on pinterest like us on facebook add us on google plus © 2017 essential hardware. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use site map