来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090105162406/http://bcbg.com/helpdesk/index.jsp?display=safety&subdisplay=terms
================================================================================

bcbgmaxazria : customer serivce catalog request thank you for signing up for our catalog. catalog request request a catalog now and receive bcbg's printed catalog via mail. include your email address to receive email updates too. *required field first name* last name* address 1* address 2 city* state* postal code* select country united states united kingdom afghanistan albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antarctica antigua and barbuda argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bosnia and herzegovina botswana bouvet island brazil british indian ocean territory brunei darussalam bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo congo, the democratic republic of the cook islands costa rica cote d'ivoire croatia cuba cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji finland france french guiana french polynesia french southern territories gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada guadeloupe guam guatemala guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti heard island and mcdonald islands holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary iceland india indonesia iran, islamic republic of iraq ireland israel italy jamaica japan jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati korea, democratic people's republic of korea, republic of kuwait kyrgyzstan lao people's democratic republic latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libyan arab jamahiriya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao macedonia, the former yugoslav republic of madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of moldova, republic of monaco mongolia montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar namibia nauru nepal netherlands netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand nicaragua niger nigeria niue norfolk island northern mariana islands norway oman pakistan palau palestinian territory, occupied panama papua new guinea paraguay peru philippines pitcairn poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania russian federation rwanda saint helena saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia and montenegro seychelles sierra leone singapore slovakia slovenia solomon islands somalia south africa south georgia and the south sandwich islands spain sri lanka sudan suriname svalbard and jan mayen swaziland sweden switzerland syrian arab republic taiwan, province of china tajikistan tanzania, united republic of thailand timor-leste togo tokelau tonga trinidad and tobago tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks and caicos islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united states united states minor outlying islands uruguay uzbekistan vanuatu venezuela viet nam virgin islands, british virgin islands, u.s. wallis and futuna western sahara yemen zambia zimbabwe country* email confirm email catalogs i want: bcbgmaxazria email signup wishlist shopping bag my account safety, security & privacy secure shopping guaranteeterms and conditionsprivacy policyverified by visamastercard secure code terms of use acceptance of terms of use please read these terms of use ("terms") carefully. this website ("site") includes without limitation the collection of web pages that can be accessed via www.bcbg.com, and other on-line services accessible via the site. bcbg max azria, inc. and its affiliates (collectively "bcbg max azria") provide this site to you and any other person or entity on whose behalf you accept these terms (collectively "you"), subject to these terms. these terms are entered into by and between bcbg max azria and you, and you accept them by: (a) placing an order through this site; (b) using the site in any other manner; and/or (c) acknowledging agreement with these terms. if you do not agree to all of these terms, do not use this site. all material, content and information including but not limited to technical, contractual, product, program, pricing, marketing, and other valuable information, and data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, or other materials ("material") on the site shall be and remain the property of bcbg max azria or its respective owners. bcbg max azria may amend these terms at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. you agree that you are solely responsible for any material posted or submitted by you. you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to material submitted by you and that no use of such material by bcbg max azria will infringe or violate any rights of any third party. you agree to defend, indemnify and hold bcbg max azria and its affiliated, subsidiaries, agents, representatives, employees, officers, directors, licensees, sponsors, partners, suppliers and contractors (collectively the "affiliates") harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and legal costs) arising from or in connection with any material posted or submitted by you. bcbg max azria reserves the right, at any time and in its sole discretion, to delete, move or edit any material posted or submitted by you. promotions by participating in surveys, sweepstakes, contests or promotions on this site, and/or requesting promotional information or product updates, you hereby agree that bcbg max azria may use information about you for marketing, product development and promotional purposes. you agree that bcbg max azria may use information about you and your use of this site in any manner that does not reveal your identity and/or consistent with the terms of bcbg max azria's privacy policy. further, you agree that bcbg max azria may send you electronic mail for the purpose of advising you of updates to this site, providing you with information on bcbg max azria products or for such other purpose as bcbg max azria deems appropriate. submissions by you all comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered by you to bcbg max azria on this site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this site (collectively "comments") shall be and remain bcbg max azria's property. any such disclosure or submission of comments shall constitute an assignment to bcbg max azria of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the comments. bcbg max azria will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any comments. bcbg max azria is and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain comments in confidence; (2) to pay any compensation for comments; or (3) to respond to any comments. content provided via links you may find links to other internet sites or resources on the site. you acknowledge and agree that bcbg max azria is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. bcbg max azria will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any actual or alleged damage or loss caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. bcbg max azria products the bcbg max azria products displayed on this site may be available through this site or at select bcbg max azria retail stores in the united states of america and foreign markets. however, bcbg max azria cannot guarantee that the products appearing on this site will be available through this site or at every authorized bcbg max azria retailer; availability and selection are subject to supply. all product descriptions, specifications, colors, and prices are subject to change by bcbg max azria at any time without notice. prices displayed on the site are quoted in u.s. dollars and are valid and effective only in the united states. the particular technical specifications and settings of your computer and its display could affect the accuracy of its display of the colors of products offered herein. products offered for sale on this site are for your personal use only, not for re-sale. bcbg max azria reserves the right to limit the quantity of products purchased, and to refuse or cancel any order that we believe would violate any of these terms, bcbg max azria business practices, applicable laws or policies. please call us at 866-497-1041 for if you need assistance with ordering products on this site. intellectual property rights you agree not to reproduce, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, mirror, frame, republish, download, transmit, or create derivative works of the materials or the site, in whole or in part, by any means. you must not remove or modify any copyright or trademark notice, or other notice of ownership. "bcbg max azria trademarks" means all names, marks, brands, logos, designs, trade dress, slogans and other designations bcbg max azria uses in connection with its products and services, including but not limited to bcbg max azria, and max azria. you may not remove or alter any bcbg max azria trademarks, or use the bcbg max azria trademarks, without bcbg max azria's prior written consent. you acknowledge bcbg max azria's rights in bcbg max azria trademarks and agree that any use of bcbg max azria trademarks by you shall inure to bcbg max azria's sole benefit. disclaimer of warranties this site and its material are provided "as is" for your use. to the extent permitted by law, this site and its material are provided without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. bcbg max azria does not warrant or guarantee that all material is accurate, reliable or correct; that this site and its material and products will be available at any particular time or location; that any defects or errors will be corrected; or that all material is free of viruses or other harmful components. you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this site, and bcbg max azria shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this site and the products, services and material available from this site. your use of this site and its material is entirely at your own risk. limitation of liability in no event shall bcbg max azria be liable under contract, tort or otherwise, for any indirect, incidental, exemplary, special, punitive or consequential damages (including, without limitation, loss of use, lost profits, loss of data or information of any kind, or loss of business goodwill or opportunity) arising from or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and materials available from this site, regardless of whether or not bcbg max azriastores.com or any of its affiliates has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages, except where prohibited by law. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold bcbg max azria harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and legal costs) arising from or in connection with your use or misuse of this site and the material or your violation of any provision of these terms. international use bcbg max azria makes no representation or warranty that this site and its material are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the united states. accessing this site or the material from territories in which this site or the material is illegal is prohibited. you agree that if you choose to access this site or material from any locations outside the united states, you do so on your own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with local laws. consent to privacy policy you consent to the collection, processing and storage by bcbg max azria of your personal information in accordance with the terms of bcbg max azria's privacy policy, which is available at bcbg.com. you agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and the terms of bcbg max azria's privacy policy, with respect to any access, use and/or submission by you of any personal information in connection with this site. miscellaneous if there is a dispute about these terms or your use of this site, the laws of the state of california, united states of america, shall apply, without regard to any conflict of law provisions, and it shall be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts sitting in california in the state of california, united states of america. copyright 2007 bcbg max azria llc. all rights reserved. company | 	store locator | customer service | catalog request | track order | privacy policy | terms of use