来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231214804/https://bcbg.com/pages/frequently-asked-questions
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | bcbgmaxazria new new what's new shop all new arrivals valentine's day pre-spring 2023 spring events shop all in white the dress shop shop our feed trending for wedding guests posh effect cut out details statement silhouettes pre-spring color stories footwear best sellers dresses dresses shop dresses the dress shop evening dresses & gowns cocktail & party dresses jumpsuits & rompers shop all dresses shop by length mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses trending dresses best selling dresses white dresses black dresses bare and body con clothing clothing shop clothing shop all clothing dresses jumpsuits & rompers tops sweaters jackets & blazers suiting coats & outerwear pants & shorts skirts essentials shoes & accessories shoes & accessories shop shoes shop all shoes heels boots & booties sandals flats shop accessories accessories bcbgeneration bcbgeneration clothing & accessories dresses tops bottoms jumpsuits & rompers jackets & blazers shoes accessories shop all sale shop our feed sale sale sale collections the sale shop shop all sale new to sale sale dresses bcbgeneration outlet outlet clothing & accessories the outlet shop dresses tops bottoms intimates accessories bcbgeneration shop all outlet become an insider become an insider become an insider your cart is empty continue shopping $0.00 subtotal go to cart new what's new shop all new arrivals valentine's day pre-spring 2023 spring events shop all in white the dress shop shop our feed trending for wedding guests posh effect cut out details statement silhouettes pre-spring color stories footwear best sellers dresses shop dresses the dress shop evening dresses & gowns cocktail & party dresses jumpsuits & rompers shop all dresses shop by length mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses trending dresses best selling dresses white dresses black dresses bare and body con clothing shop clothing shop all clothing dresses jumpsuits & rompers tops sweaters jackets & blazers suiting coats & outerwear pants & shorts skirts essentials shoes & accessories shop shoes shop all shoes heels boots & booties sandals flats shop accessories accessories bcbgeneration clothing & accessories dresses tops bottoms jumpsuits & rompers jackets & blazers shoes accessories shop all sale shop our feed sale sale collections the sale shop shop all sale new to sale sale dresses bcbgeneration outlet clothing & accessories the outlet shop dresses tops bottoms intimates accessories bcbgeneration shop all outlet what's new shop all new arrivals valentine's day pre-spring 2023 spring events shop all in white the dress shop shop our feed trending for wedding guests posh effect cut out details statement silhouettes pre-spring color stories footwear best sellers shop dresses the dress shop evening dresses & gowns cocktail & party dresses jumpsuits & rompers shop all dresses shop by length mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses trending dresses best selling dresses white dresses black dresses bare and body con shop clothing shop all clothing dresses jumpsuits & rompers tops sweaters jackets & blazers suiting coats & outerwear pants & shorts skirts essentials shop shoes shop all shoes heels boots & booties sandals flats shop accessories accessories clothing & accessories dresses tops bottoms jumpsuits & rompers jackets & blazers shoes accessories shop all sale shop our feed sale collections the sale shop shop all sale new to sale sale dresses bcbgeneration clothing & accessories the outlet shop dresses tops bottoms intimates accessories bcbgeneration shop all outlet sale collections shop all sale new to sale sale dresses bcbgeneration sale collections shop all sale new to sale sale dresses bcbgeneration what's new shop all new arrivals valentine's day pre-spring 2023 spring events shop all in white the dress shop shop our feed trending for wedding guests posh effect cut out details statement silhouettes pre-spring color stories footwear best sellers what's new shop all new arrivals valentine's day pre-spring 2023 spring events shop all in white the dress shop shop our feed trending for wedding guests posh effect cut out details statement silhouettes pre-spring color stories footwear best sellers shop dresses shop all dresses evening dresses & gowns cocktail & party dresses jumpsuits & rompers shop by length mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses trending dresses white dresses best selling dresses black dresses bare & bodycon shop dresses shop all dresses evening dresses & gowns cocktail & party dresses jumpsuits & rompers shop by length mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses trending dresses white dresses best selling dresses black dresses bare & bodycon shop clothing shop all clothing dresses jumpsuits & rompers tops sweaters jackets & blazers suiting coats & outerwear pants & shorts skirts essentials shop clothing shop all clothing dresses jumpsuits & rompers tops sweaters jackets & blazers suiting coats & outerwear pants & shorts skirts essentials shop shoes shop all shoes heels boots & booties sandals flats shop accessories accessories shop shoes shop all shoes heels boots & booties sandals flats shop accessories accessories clothing & shoes new arrivals shop all dresses tops bottoms shoes shop all sale shop our feed clothing & shoes new arrivals shop all dresses tops bottoms shoes shop all sale shop our feed clothing & accessories shop all outlet dresses tops bottoms intimates accessories bcbgeneration clothing & accessories shop all outlet dresses tops bottoms intimates accessories bcbgeneration the bcbg edit how to style your fall wardrobe shades of fall fashion albino riganello’s signature collection read the blog: the bcbg edit the bcbg edit how to style your fall wardrobe shades of fall fashion albino riganello’s signature collection read the blog: the bcbg edit frequently asked questions placing an order what payment methods do you accept? we accept payment with visa, mastercard, american express, discover, paypal, amazon pay, apple pay, klarna, and afterpay.in order for us to accept payment, your billing and credit card addresses must match. bcbg is not responsible for shipping issues due to typographical errors. immediately upon purchase, a preauthorization will be placed on your card for your order amount. your card will not actually be charged until your order ships. can i have my order sent to a hotel? we will ship orders to valid addresses, including hotels. please confirm that the hotel will accept delivery and can forward to you. if the order is received after your departure you will need to pay for forwarding postage. we cannot make changes to delivery addresses after the order has started to process. can i have my order sent to a shipping facility? yes! note we are not responsible for any damage, lost or missing items once the package has been received at their facility. can i have my order sent to puerto rico, us virgin islands, alaska, guam or hawaii? economy delivery shipments to these countries are sent via fedex or usps. deliveries may take up to 15 business days. deliveries can be made to residential addresses only. can i have my order sent to apo and fpo addresses? shipments sent to military addresses are sent economy delivery via usps. delivery is handled via the military post office and generally occurs within 30 days. why couldn't i place an order? for assistance with online shopping and checkout, please contact one of our customer success associates at click here or visit the contact usby phone:+1 (573)-886-0407 in the united states or +1 (800) 940-3764 from outside the united states. gift cards how can i purchase a gift card? our e-gift cards can be purchased on-line here. gift cards are delivered by email to the purchasers inbox. our gift cards have no additional processing fees. how do i use my bcbg gift card? our e-gift cards can be purchased on-line here. gift cards are delivered by email to the purchaser. our gift cards have no additional processing fees. we do not ship physical gift cards at this time. my gift card is not accepted at checkout but i verified there is a balance. please verify the gift card reference number is entered correctly. the letter “i” may appear to resemble a “1” character, and the letter “o” may look like the number zero. please click here or visit the contact us can gift cards be canceled or refunded? gift cards cannot be canceled for a refund. can gift cards be used for international orders? unfortunately at this time gift cards can only be used for orders placed in the us. post-order how can i track my order? your order tracking number will be sent to the email address used to place your order once your order has been shipped.you can also log into your bcbg icons rewards account here and visit the orders page. it will list all of your orders, along with the current status do you offer price adjustments? we do not offer price adjustments. we apologize for any inconvenience. why was my order placed on hold? if your order is placed on hold kindly contact us click here or visit the contact us page or call +1 (877) 426-5245 in the united states or +1 (800) 940-3764 from outside the united states. what can i do if i forgot to add my promo code? please click here or visit the contact us with the promo code and order number. if the promotion is valid and your order qualifies, the discount will be applied. can i cancel or change my order? to start a return visit our returns page here.because our orders process very quickly once submitted, we are unable to change your address or shipping method or modify an order that you have already placed. however, returning your purchase is easy. for additional information, please visit our returns page or contact us click here or visit the contact us shipping what is the time frame for my order to be delivered? to view the typical time frame for deliveries, visit our shipping page here. exchanges & returns what is your return policy? to start a return visit our returns page here.you have up to 30 days from the date of delivery to return items purchased at bcbg.com.us orders may return items via mail for a full refund in the original form of payment, excluding outbound shipping charges and a return shipping charge of $9.95. merchandise must be unworn and have all original hangtags, tickets, tags and/or labels attached. dresses include an exterior-facing tag that cannot be removed to be eligible for a return. hosiery, lingerie, and swimwear may be returned when unworn and in original packaging, or with original tickets and/or tags attached. all outlet sale items are final sale and cannot be returned for refund or exchange. you may return qualifying items via mail for a full refund in the original form of payment, excluding shipping charges, and postmarked within 30 days of the date of delivery.exchanges cannot be processed at this time.please allow 7 days for returns to be processed upon receipt in our returns center. it is the customer's responsibility to pay for the shipping of returned, unwanted items.for details on returns visit our return policy. what if the item i receive is damaged? in the event that you received wrong or damaged items, please click here or visit the contact us. a return label may be offered. what is your return policy for international orders? from the date of delivery, you have up to 30 days to return items purchased at bcbg.com. merchandise must be unworn and have all original hangtags, tickets, tags and/or labels attached. dresses include an exterior-facing tag that must be attached and intact to be eligible for return. hosiery, lingerie, and swimwear may be returned when unworn and in original packaging, or with original tickets and/or tags attached. final sale and outlet items cannot be returned for refund or exchange.you may return qualifying items via mail for a full refund in the original form of payment, excluding shipping charges, and postmarked within 30 days of the date of delivery. please ship your return from the same country to which it was delivered.to process your return, please visit the global-e returns portal here.customers are charge a flat shipping rate.transit time for returns is approximately 8 business days.if you have questions about any return, please email us here. our hours are 9am to 5pm central time, monday through friday (excluding holidays).we cannot processes exchanges; a new order must be placed on bcbg.comall international return shipments cost $45 and are shipped via express shipping. international shopping do you offer international shopping? if so, in which countries is it supported? yes! we partner with global-e to provide the best possible user experience to our international customers. please select country at the bottom of the page. this will change the currency on the website. once you are in checkout, you will see local payment methods and calculations for any appropriate shipping, duties, taxes and other customs fees. within the european union, united kingdom and mexico, you can shop our brand at the below websites.  please visit those websites for faqs, shipping and returns information.european union website address: https://bcbg.eu contact info : support@bcbg.eu  contact info : support@bcbgmaxazria.eu united kingdom website address: https://bcbg.uk contact info : support@bcbg.uk mexico website address: https://bcbg.mx contact info : ma_ecommerce@bcbg.com.mx what is your return policy for international orders? from the date of delivery, you have up to 30 days to return items purchased at bcbg.com. merchandise must be unworn and have all original hangtags, tickets, tags and/or labels attached. dresses include an exterior-facing tag that must be attached and intact to be eligible for return. hosiery, lingerie, and swimwear may be returned when unworn and in original packaging, or with original tickets and/or tags attached. final sale items cannot be returned for refund or exchange.you may return qualifying items via mail for a full refund in the original form of payment, excluding shipping charges, and postmarked within 30 days of the date of delivery. please ship your return from the same country to which it was delivered.to process your return, please visit the global-e returns portal here.all international return shipments cost $45 and are shipped via express shipping.transit time for returns is approximately 8 business days.if you have questions about any return, please email us here. our hours are 9am to 5pm central time, monday through friday (excluding holidays).we cannot processes exchanges; a new order must be placed on bcbg.com what currencies are supported? we display and collect payments in the local currencies of the countries in the drop-down menu. you will be charged in the currency of your selected country at checkout. are duties and taxes included at checkout? duties and taxes are calculated based on the items ordered, where they were made, your shipment destination and the value of your purchase. they will appear as a separate line item at checkout if not already included in product prices. some countries require payments for duties and taxes to be paid upon delivery and will be the customer’s responsibility to complete. shipping we offer standard and express shipping. the prices are flat rates, depending on the country of shopping.international shipments are picked up tuesdays and thursdays. transit times are estimates and are not guaranteed.standard - $20 usd. will be converted to local currency during checkout.transit time: 4-9 business days, but may be more depending on country of destination.express - $45 usd. will be converted to local currency during checkout.transit time: 2-7 business days, but may be more depending on country of destination. who should i contact if there is an issue with my shipment? please contact us at customersuccess@bcbg.com or here and customer service will gladly assisst you with any questions relating to your international order.our hours are 9 am to 5 pm central time, monday through friday (excluding holidays).our telephone numbers are:from within the usa: +1 (877) 426-5245we are not open on new year's day, memorial day, fourth of july, labor day, thanksgiving day, and christmas day. can i ship to an international po box? sorry, we can’t ship to international po boxes yet. if you entered an international po box as your delivery address, we will reach out to get an alternative address. this may delay your delivery. how can i track my international order? you can track your international order here. promotions & sales international orders may not be eligible for certain sales or promotions.during promotional periods, please allow up to 2 additional business days for shipment processing. account do i have to set up an account to place my order? no—you do not need an account with bcbg.com in order to shop with us.however, registering for an account with us is easy and provides you with the following benefits:• quick and easy checkout• personalized profile including payment options and address book• order history• email updates: be the first to hear about product launches and exclusive events why can't i log into my account? we recently updated our site on september 24th, 2020. unfortunately we were not able to transfer our customers’ account information. can i access my previous order history? we’re sorry, but we no longer have access to your order history before september 24th, 2020.  bcbg icons faqs how do i sign up? signing up is easy! simply create an account here by entering your name, email and password. it’s free to join, and you will automatically be signed up to earn points and rewards. if you currently have an account with us you’ve already been enrolled in our rewards program. just sign in to see your bcbg icons status. i already have an account. do i need to create a new one to earn rewards? nope! all customers with an active account were automatically enrolled in bcbg icons. if you have had more than one customer account with us, please note that only one rewards account was created per person. what if i have an old email address or multiple email addresses and want to combine my accounts? unfortunately at this time we cannot merge multiple accounts. please be sure to log in with the account you would like to use going forward. where can i find my points and rewards status? you can access all your info by logging in to your account and visiting our bcbg icons rewards page here. will i receive points for purchases i made prior to creating my bcbg icons account? if you already had a bcbg.com account, you will receive points for purchases made since september 2021. you will not receive points for purchases you made without logging in to your account or as a guest. make sure to create an account and log in before placing an order so you can receive points! does it cost anything to begin earning points? absolutely not! signing up is free. visit the bcbg icons rewards page here to get started. how can i earn points? for starters, you'll get a reward just for joining bcbg icons. after that, you'll earn points through purchases, adding your birthday to your account, leaving us a review, sharing us on instagram or liking us on facebook. explore all the ways to earn points at our bcbg icons rewards page here. can i apply my points towards purchases? no, your points only determine your bcbg icons tier status. each tier corresponds to exclusive benefits, gifts and rewards. is there a limit to how many points i can earn? nope! you'll always be able to earn more points by shopping with us and engaging with our brand and community. after i make an order, when will i see those points reflected in my account? your points will be added to your account when your order is marked fulfilled. if i return my order, will i lose those points? yes. once an order is refunded, any points accrued from that purchase will be deducted from your account. do points ever expire? yes. points will expire after 12 months. how is my bcbg icons tier determined? your tier is determined by the amount of points you earn.to become a:muse, you must simply create an account. influencer, you must earn 500-999 points. stylist, you must earn 1000-1999 points. tastemaker, you must earn 2000+ points. after you make a qualifying purchase, you will advance to the next tier after a 45-day waiting period. once you move to a new tier, you will have access to that tier's rewards. as you move up in tiers, you will retain all benefits from your previous tier. how do i know which bcbg icons tier i am currently a member of? when you are signed in to your account, your home page will list all of the rewards tiers. your current tier and rewards will be highlighted with a box around it. how will i know when i have reached a new tier? when your total points cross a tier threshold you will receive an email welcoming you into the new tier. will my tier status expire? no. make sure to keep earning points to use for future savings! what is 'early access to sales & promotions'? as a bcbg icon, you will receive select sale emails ahead of the general public so you get first dibs on all the best sale styles! as a loyalty member, when will i get my birthday points? first, make sure that you have added your birthday to your account. you will receive a birthday email within 30 days of your birthday. once you receive your birthday email, your points will be applied to your account. why can't i check out with my new tier gift and redeemable points? tier gifts and redeemable points cannot be combined in the same transaction. please process your tier gift as a separate transaction and then begin a new transaction to redeem points. why didn’t i earn points on my purchase? double-check you were signed in to your account and didn’t accidentally check out as a guest. you must be logged in when making purchases to earn points. if you have done this in error, contact us to help apply your points to your account. you also won’t receive points if you return your purchase or your purchase is canceled for any reason. please note that any points you earn on a purchase that you later return will be deducted from your point balance. i should have earned points for a purchase or action, but i didn’t see my account balance change. did i get credit? yes! the first thing to note is that there may be a delay in our systems communicating, and points can take anywhere from several minutes to several hours to appear in your account. points from purchases are not applied to your account until after your purchase is marked as fulfilled. however, if you still feel like you have earned points but they are not showing up in your account, you can also troubleshoot with these tricks:refresh your browser.log out and then back in to your account.check your rewards history in your rewards account to see if the points were added without you realizing it. your rewards history will show you the number of points earned and how and when they were earned.if you still feel like your points balance is not accurate you can contact us, and we will look into the issue for you. i received an error message when referring friends through the email referral box. what went wrong? we're sorry to hear that. there are a couple of scenarios that could have triggered the error message.  the first possible scenario is that there was a mistype in one of the email addresses that you entered, or you forgot to put commas between multiple emails to separate them. we recommend you go back and enter each email address one at a time, clicking ‘send’ after each one rather than uploading them all at once.  if you are still having problems using the email referrals, we recommend using your unique referral link or sharing the referral through facebook, twitter, or messenger to receive credit. please contact us if you need further assistance. i’ve referred several friends but haven’t received my $25 for it. is there something else i need to do? thanks so much for sharing with your friends! we really appreciate it.  referred friends must be first-time customers, and they must make a purchase in order for both of you to receive the referral rewards. in addition, the referral must be initiated through our rewards referral box on your personal rewards page or through the use of your unique referral link also found there. you will receive an email with your $25 discount code as soon as your friend completes their first purchase on our website. i received a referral link, why can't i get my reward? in order to receive the referral reward, you must be a first-time customer. in addition, your purchase must be initiated through your friend's unique referral link. how are my free shipping rewards applied at checkout? as a stylist or tastemaker, your free shipping rewards will be automatically applied at checkout. just remember to sign in! please note, free shipping applies only to domestic shipping within the contiguous us. i'm an international customer, can i join bcbg icons? unfortunately, no. at the moment, only us customers are eligible to join bcbg icons, but we hope to make bcbg icons available to all our customers in the near future. additional questions what is the typical response time for emails? emails are typically responded to within 24-48 hours, except during periods of high demand. please include your name, phone number and order number to avoid delays in response. our contact information we are here to support you.our hours are 9 am to 5 pm central time, monday-friday.click here to contact us.our telephone number is (573)-886-0407.we are not open for on new year's day, memorial day, fourth of july, labor day, thanksgiving day, christmas eve, and christmas day. buy now pay later getting started when it’s time to pay for your favorite styles, choose afterpay or klarna as your form of payment at checkout. a debit or credit card is required. pay every two weeks with afterpay, you’ll make your first of four payments at the time of purchase. with klarna, your first of four payments will be charged once your order ships. every two weeks, the remaining three payments will be automatically deducted from your chosen credit or debit card. four payments, zero interest enjoy no additional interest or fees when you pay on time. availability afterpay and klarna are available online in the us, for now. afterpay disclaimer you must be over 18, a resident of the u.s., and meet additional eligibility criteria to qualify. late fees may apply. estimated payment amounts shown on product pages exclude taxes and shipping charges, which are added at checkout. click here for complete terms. loans to california residents made or arranged pursuant to a california finance lenders law license. klarna disclaimer see payment termshere. a higher initial payment may be required for some consumers. ca residents: loans made or arranged pursuant to a california finance lenders law license. get help faqs size guide shipping returns start us return start international return promotion disclaimers contact us about us shopping blog: the bcbg edit bcbgmaxazria bcbgeneration bcbg girls outlet gift cards us locations wishlist bcbg icons rewards subscribe today! © 2023 bcbgmaxazria, all rights reserved. privacy terms of use accessibility supply chain transparency ca privacy notice search