来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151227152014/http://www.americansignaturefurniture.com/privacypolicy
================================================================================

privacy policy | american signature furniture toggle navigation menu cart living room seating sofas sectionals loveseats chairs & chaises sleeper sofas futons recliners & rockers ottomans lift chairs cabinets & storage tv stands & media centers bookcases storage ottomans tables coffee tables end tables sofa tables accents fireplaces rugs pillows lighting wall art mirrors all accent pieces quick links shop all custom furniture shop for upholstery shop for leather shop all reclining sofas shop all living room see what's on sale see our living room packages see our best sellers see our collections dining room tables dining tables dinettes cabinets & storage buffets & sideboards china cabinets & curios seating dining chairs counter & bar stools benches accents lighting wall art mirrors bars all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece dining rooms shop for 7 piece dining rooms shop all dining room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections bedroom beds twin beds full beds queen beds king beds daybeds futons headboards cabinets & storage dressers & chests nightstands accents pillows bed linens lighting wall art mirrors rugs all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece bedrooms shop for 6 piece bedrooms shop all bedroom see what's on sale see our bedroom packages see our best sellers see our collections mattresses mattress sets twin mattresses full mattresses queen mattresses king mattresses accessories bed frames bed linens pillows mattress protectors adjustable bases & foundations brands icomfort iseries beautyrest black beautyrest beautysleep miraclefoam manufacturers serta simmons quick links shop all mattresses shop all spring mattresses shop all hybrid mattresses shop all foam mattresses see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections kids beds twin beds full beds bunk beds & loft beds headboards cabinets & storage dressers & chests nightstands accents bed linens chairs & chaises lighting all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop all kids furniture see our kids furniture packages see our best sellers see our collections accents home accessories bed linens wall art mirrors pillows lighting rugs furniture tv stands & media centers home office bookcases chairs ottomans fireplaces benches & settees bars accent tables quick links shop by brand shop all accents see our best sellers patio furniture outdoor tables outdoor chairs outdoor dinettes outdoor sofas outdoor sectionals accents umbrellas and gazebos quick links shop all patio see what's on sale see our patio packages see our best sellers see our collections brands our furniture brands ultimate comfort kroehler najarian pulaski one80 apt. 1710 passport vie boutique steve silver american signature factory outlet retreat our mattress brands iseries icomfort miraclefoam beautyrest serta simmons on sale deals & promotions shop what's on sale weekly ad your closest store click below to change your zip code for best pricing & availability your zip: your store : store locator loading your store. please wait... get directions , regular hours: find another store change your location go delivery not available to your postal code we deliver to you buy online, pick-up at your closest store your closest store does not offer pick-up. find the closest pick-up store here. store locator my account account information order history my wish list sign out sign in dial (888) 751-8552 wish list home create account loading your cart. please wait... in your home as early as: total with delivery, set up and tax view cart / start checkout ﻿ wish list account   | account information order history order status sign out sign in  | hello, . help  | ﻿ chat  | shopping zip: | change your location go delivery not available to your postal code we deliver to you buy online, pick-up at your closest store your closest store does not offer pick-up. find the closest pick-up store here. your closest store loading your store. please wait... get directions , regular hours: find another store go living room seating sofas sectionals loveseats chairs & chaises sleeper sofas futons recliners & rockers ottomans lift chairs cabinets & storage tv stands & media centers bookcases storage ottomans tables coffee tables end tables sofa tables accents fireplaces rugs pillows lighting wall art mirrors all accent pieces quick links shop all custom furniture shop for upholstery shop for leather shop all reclining sofas shop all living room see what's on sale see our living room packages see our best sellers see our collections dining room tables dining tables dinettes cabinets & storage buffets & sideboards china cabinets & curios seating dining chairs counter & bar stools benches accents lighting wall art mirrors bars all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece dining rooms shop for 7 piece dining rooms shop all dining room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections bedroom beds twin beds full beds queen beds king beds daybeds futons headboards cabinets & storage dressers & chests nightstands accents pillows bed linens lighting wall art mirrors rugs all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece bedrooms shop for 6 piece bedrooms shop all bedroom see what's on sale see our bedroom packages see our best sellers see our collections mattresses mattress sets twin mattresses full mattresses queen mattresses king mattresses accessories bed frames bed linens pillows mattress protectors adjustable bases & foundations brands icomfort iseries beautyrest black beautyrest beautysleep miraclefoam manufacturers serta simmons quick links shop all mattresses shop all spring mattresses shop all hybrid mattresses shop all foam mattresses see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections kids beds twin beds full beds bunk beds & loft beds headboards cabinets & storage dressers & chests nightstands accents bed linens chairs & chaises lighting all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop all kids furniture see our kids furniture packages see our best sellers see our collections accents home accessories bed linens wall art mirrors pillows lighting rugs furniture tv stands & media centers home office bookcases chairs ottomans fireplaces benches & settees bars accent tables quick links shop by brand shop all accents see our best sellers patio furniture outdoor tables outdoor chairs outdoor dinettes outdoor sofas outdoor sectionals accents umbrellas and gazebos quick links shop all patio see what's on sale see our patio packages see our best sellers see our collections brands our furniture brands ultimate comfort kroehler najarian pulaski one80 apt. 1710 passport vie boutique steve silver american signature factory outlet retreat our mattress brands iseries icomfort miraclefoam beautyrest serta simmons on sale deals & promotions shop what's on sale weekly ad privacy policy your privacy is important to us. american signature, inc. values its customers and respects their privacy. this privacy policy applies to personal information that we collect about you through our website. this information is used to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. neither your name nor anything about you is sold to any other non-affiliated company or agency. however, as described in greater detail below, we may share your information under certain circumstances with business partners that help this site function or assist us in fulfilling your order. this privacy policy only covers information collected on the website, and does not cover any information collected offline by american signature, inc., including information collected at our stores. this policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it with third parties. our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use certain of that information. information we collect and how we use it: in a purchase, we collect information such as your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address and payment card information. during website registration, product review, surveys, or other programs you participate in, we collect information such as your name, email address, password, address, and telephone number when you participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions, we collect information such as name, email address, telephone, zip code and gender, birth month and day, or other information you provide from american signature's interactions with you: we collect information about you and your transactions and other interactions with us, including the products or services you purchase, use and return. from third party sources: we may combine your information with information we collect or receive about you from other online and offline sources, which helps us to customize our services. if you are applying for or financing your purchase using a american signature, inc. credit card, issued by synchrony financial ("sychrony") ("credit card"), we collect, use and disclose your information including personal information and/or financial information, on our own behalf and as agent for sychrony, and synchrony’s affiliates for the purposes set out in this policy, the credit card application, the cardholder agreement for the credit card and synchrony’s privacy agreement found at www.synchronyfinancial.com. american signature, inc. may be providing customer service on the credit card accounts for synchrony. synchrony and american signature, inc. may share your information including personal, financial and/or transaction information with each other and with their affiliates or others for that purpose and as described in this policy, the credit card application, the cardholder agreement for the credit card and sychrony’s privacy agreement found at www.synchronyfinancial.com. we sometimes ask you for certain kinds of personal information to provide the services you request. this information includes: information we collect by automated means cookies we may collect information about your computer, including where available your ip address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. this is statistical data about how you browse our website. for the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. cookies help us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more customized service. they enable us: to estimate usage numbers and patterns to store information about your preferences, and to allow us to customize our website according to your individual interests to speed up your searches to recognize you when you return to our website you may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the website or unable to avail of any of our services. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our website. additionally, if a browser is set to issue a do not track signal, we do not place tracking cookies on this browser. pixel tags we also use "pixel tags" (sometimes called "internet tags", "web beacons" or "clear gifs"), which are tiny graphic images, on our website. pixel tags help us analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising. we work with service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information. pixel tags on our website may be used to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the site. this information may include your computer's internet protocol (ip) address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your computer. we may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site. we do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites. pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages, such as when you receive, open, or click a link in an email message from us. we also work with business partners that use tracking technologies to deliver advertisements on our behalf across the internet. these companies may collect information about your visits to our website and your interaction with our advertising and other communications. we may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from you. this information may be used to improve our website, to personalize your online experience, to help us deliver information to you, to determine the effectiveness of our advertising, and for other internal business purposes. use of your information use the information we collect from our customers for various purposes, including: process transactions upon their request improve our stores, website, customers shopping experience and quality of service send communications about our products, services and promotions prevent and detect fraud and abuse process information or claims in connection with incidents at our stores enable our service providers to perform certain activities on our behalf comply with our legal obligations, policies and procedures and for internal administrative and analytics purposes. others with whom we share your information service providers: we also may disclose information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer. for example, we may work with an outside company to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) assist us in distributing e-mails; (c) assist us with direct marketing and data collection; (d) provide us data storage and analysis; (e) provide fraud prevention; (f) provide customer service by phone or chat and (g) other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. we require that these outside companies agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in the agreements. american signature, inc. credit card accounts: we may share your information with the financial institution that issues american signature, inc. credit card accounts compliance with law: we may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability and protect our rights or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors of this website or the public. links to other sites while visiting our website, you may link to sites operated by our business partners or other third parties. this does not mean that we endorse these sites. we do not make any representations or warranties about any website you may access through the american signature, inc. website. they are independent from us, and we have no control over, or responsibility for, their information or activities. in addition, our privacy practices may differ from those of these other sites. if you provide personal information at one of those sites, you are subject to the privacy policy of the operator of that site, not the american signature, inc. privacy policy. please make sure you understand the other site's privacy policy before providing personal information. security american signature, inc. goes to great lengths to keep your financial information private and safe. we take appropriate physical, electronic and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. in addition, it is our policy to never send your credit card number via e-mail. our customer service center and stores also operate over a private, secure network. please note, however, that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information. we use secure socket layers (ssl), the industry standard in transferring information to process your orders. the ssl encrypts, or translates, your order information into a highly indecipherable code, which is processed immediately. all credit card transactions occur in a secure area of our site, to protect you from any loss, misuse or alteration of information collected. when you have finished shopping and begin the checkout process, you will move into the secure area of our site. once you've entered, the page address (url) will change from http to https, to let you know you are in a secure area. you will remain in this secure zone for the entire checkout process. unfortunately, despite our best efforts, the transmission of data over the internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure. while we will use every reasonable means to ensure the security of information you transmit to us, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be intercepted by third parties. we will, however, prosecute any unauthorized or fraudulent transactions to the fullest extent permitted by law. "spoofing" and "phishing" a common internet scam is known as "spoofing" or "phishing." this occurs when you receive an email from what appears to be a legitimate source requesting personal information from you. please be aware that american signature, inc. will never send you an email requesting you to verify credit card, bank information, or any other personal information. if you ever receive an email that appears to be from us requesting such information from you, do not respond to it, and do not click on any links appearing in the email. instead, please forward the email to us at websupport@americansignature.com, as we will investigate all instances of possible internet fraud. your consent you acknowledge that this privacy and usage policy is part of the terms of use and you agree that using our website signifies your assent to american signature, inc.’s privacy policy and related terms of use provided above, is subject to all applicable laws, and is undertaken at your own risk. american signature, inc. reserves the right to change this privacy and usage policy at any time, without advance notice. if we decide to change our privacy and usage policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. american signature, inc.’s practices regarding the collection, storage, transfer, use and other processing of personal information follow the safe harbour principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, access, security, data integrity, and enforcement. notice – american signature, inc. will give you timely and appropriate notice describing what personal information we’re collecting, how we will use it, and types of third parties with whom we may share it with. choice – american signature, inc. will give you choices about the ways we use and share your personal information, and we will respect the choices you make. onward transfer - when disclosing information to a third party, american signature, inc. applies the notice and choice principles and takes appropriate measures to protect your privacy and the personal information we transfer. access – american signature, inc. provides ways for you to access your personal information, as required by law, so that you can correct inaccuracies. security – american signature, inc. will take appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. data integrity - american signature, inc. takes reasonable steps to ensure that personal information the company collects is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used and that the information is reliable for its intended use and is accurate, complete and current. enforcement – american signature, inc. uses a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible and in conformity with the principles. we encourage interested persons to raise any concerns using the contact information below and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principles. how to contact us if you have any questions about your privacy or security on our website, please contact us at privacy@blueport.com. alternatively, you may mail your request to blueport commerce 580 harrison ave, boston, ma 02118 attention: privacy. enter your email address to get the latest news and deals. ×close thanks for signing up! now, you'll be among the first to hear about new items, special promotions, in-store events and more. close facebook twitter pinterest google+ instagram youtube blog shop with asf find a store weekly circular easy pass financing options manage my signature plus card gift cards best sellers new arrivals what's on sale get to know us about us careers faqs blog customer care (888) 751-8553 contact us product recalls track my order site map | privacy policy | terms & conditions powered by blueport commerce ® © 2009 - 2016 ×close something went wrong. ok ×close enter your zip code good news! available for pick-up only why do we ask for your zip code? by providing your delivery zip code, you’ll allow us to: let you know immediately if we can service your area. tailor our selection to make sure you see only items that can be delivered to you. inform you if the item is currently in stock. offer you special pricing that may only be available in some areas. help you find a local showroom in case you want to see an item in person. show you estimated delivery dates without having to checkout. american signature furniture respects your privacy and will not share this information with anyone. please enter a valid zip code. please wait... or use current location www.americansignaturefurniture.com is accepting online orders delivered to your zip code. although you live outside our delivery area, we invite you to order online and pick up your merchandise at your closest store or find another store here. your closest store: store hours: our delivery area continues to grow. as a registered user, we'll notify you if delivery becomes available in your neighborhood. in the meantime, we hope you enjoy our selection of merchandise that is available for pick up. our delivery area continues to grow. register with us today and we'll notify you as soon as delivery becomes available in your location. ×close continue shopping