来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161211105213/http://www.americansignaturefurniture.com/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms and conditions | american signature furniture toggle navigation menu cart living room seating sofas sectionals loveseats chairs & chaises sleeper sofas futons recliners & rockers ottomans lift chairs cabinets & storage tv stands & media centers bookcases storage ottomans tables coffee tables end tables sofa tables accents fireplaces rugs pillows lighting wall art mirrors all accent pieces quick links shop all custom furniture shop for upholstery shop for leather shop all reclining sofas shop all living room see what's on sale see our living room packages see our best sellers see our collections shop by brands dining room tables dining tables dinettes cabinets & storage buffets & sideboards china cabinets & curios seating dining chairs counter & bar stools benches accents lighting wall art mirrors bars all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece dining rooms shop for 7 piece dining rooms shop all dining room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections bedroom beds twin beds full beds queen beds king beds daybeds futons headboards bunk beds & loft beds cabinets & storage dressers chests nightstands seating accents pillows benches & settees bed linens lighting wall art mirrors rugs all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece bedrooms shop for 6 piece bedrooms shop all bedroom see what's on sale see our bedroom packages see our best sellers see our collections shop all kids see our kids collections mattresses mattress sets twin mattress sets full mattress sets queen mattress sets king mattress sets accessories bed frames bed linens pillows mattress protectors adjustable bases & foundations brands beautysleep beautyrest beautyrest recharge beautyrest recharge ultra beautyrest platinum beautyrest black beautyrest hybrid serta icomfort hybrid serta icomfort foam serta perfect sleeper miraclefoam manufacturers serta simmons quick links shop all mattresses shop all spring mattresses shop all hybrid mattresses shop all foam mattresses see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections accents home accessories bed linens wall art mirrors pillows lighting rugs furniture tv stands & media centers home office bookcases chairs ottomans fireplaces benches & settees bars accent tables quick links shop by brand shop all accents see our best sellers shop all free shipping inspiration inspiration blog customer gallery pinterest furniture shoppers guide buying guides experiences bedroom getaway ultimate comfort personalized living about us best sellers new arrivals on sale deals & promotions shop what's on sale weekly ad magnolia home shop by style industrial primitive french inspired farmhouse traditional boho shop by room living room bedroom dining room accents view all items trending your closest store click below to change your zip code for best pricing & availability your zip: your store : store locator loading your store. please wait... get directions , regular hours: find another store change your location go delivery not available to your postal code we deliver to you buy online, pick-up at your closest store your closest store does not offer pick-up. find the closest pick-up store here. store locator my account account information order history my wish list sign out sign in dial (888) 751-8552 wish list home create account loading your cart. please wait... in your home as early as: total with delivery, set up and tax view cart / start checkout ﻿ wish list account account information order history order status sign out sign in hello, . order tracking shopping zip: change your location go delivery not available to your postal code we deliver to you buy online, pick-up at your closest store your closest store does not offer pick-up. find the closest pick-up store here. your closest store loading your store. please wait... get directions , regular hours: find another store go living room seating sofas sectionals loveseats chairs & chaises sleeper sofas futons recliners & rockers ottomans lift chairs cabinets & storage tv stands & media centers bookcases storage ottomans tables coffee tables end tables sofa tables accents fireplaces rugs pillows lighting wall art mirrors all accent pieces quick links shop all custom furniture shop for upholstery shop for leather shop all reclining sofas shop all living room see what's on sale see our living room packages see our best sellers see our collections shop by brands dining room tables dining tables dinettes cabinets & storage buffets & sideboards china cabinets & curios seating dining chairs counter & bar stools benches accents lighting wall art mirrors bars all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece dining rooms shop for 7 piece dining rooms shop all dining room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections bedroom beds twin beds full beds queen beds king beds daybeds futons headboards bunk beds & loft beds cabinets & storage dressers chests nightstands seating accents pillows benches & settees bed linens lighting wall art mirrors rugs all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece bedrooms shop for 6 piece bedrooms shop all bedroom see what's on sale see our bedroom packages see our best sellers see our collections shop all kids see our kids collections mattresses mattress sets twin mattress sets full mattress sets queen mattress sets king mattress sets accessories bed frames bed linens pillows mattress protectors adjustable bases & foundations brands beautysleep beautyrest beautyrest recharge beautyrest recharge ultra beautyrest platinum beautyrest black beautyrest hybrid serta icomfort hybrid serta icomfort foam serta perfect sleeper miraclefoam manufacturers serta simmons quick links shop all mattresses shop all spring mattresses shop all hybrid mattresses shop all foam mattresses see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections accents home accessories bed linens wall art mirrors pillows lighting rugs furniture tv stands & media centers home office bookcases chairs ottomans fireplaces benches & settees bars accent tables quick links shop by brand shop all accents see our best sellers shop all free shipping inspiration inspiration blog customer gallery pinterest furniture shoppers guide buying guides experiences bedroom getaway ultimate comfort personalized living about us best sellers new arrivals on sale deals & promotions shop what's on sale weekly ad magnolia home shop by style industrial primitive french inspired farmhouse traditional boho shop by room living room bedroom dining room accents view all items trending terms and conditions buying from us we are only able to deliver furniture within a store's local delivery area and are unable to ship merchandise by alternate methods. if you live within a store's delivery area, you can place an online order to be delivered to your residence. if delivery is not available to your area, you can always schedule to pick up your furniture at a local store. finding the right help you can find detailed information of any item on the product detail page, but if additional questions arise you may contact one of our home furnishing consultants at any of our stores. you can also call our customer care crew and they will be happy to answer your questions. if talking on the phone isn't your thing, you can chat with a representative while you browse the site. standard forms of payment for "online" transactions all online orders must be paid in full at the time of purchase. the standard forms of payment for online orders are visa, mastercard, american express, discover and our private label credit cards. pricing and other errors prices shown for items on this website's product pages and in your shopping cart are for merchandise only. an estimate of the total cost of your order is available in your shopping cart, including any applicable tax, delivery or other fees. the final cost will be available for your review prior you complete your order. while we strive for accuracy in the pricing displayed on this website and the other product information we provide, errors can occur. in cases where such errors do occur, we expressly reserve the right not to honor pricing errors on this website when accepting an order online. in the case where an order placed online contains a pricing error, you will be contacted and the order will be cancelled. any payments that have been authorized for that order will immediately be reversed. should you discover an error once your order is delivered, your sole recourse is to return your order in accordance with our return policy. product availability product availability may differ by region, so the easiest way to obtain stock information is to provide us with your zip code. you can always contact your local store to see if the product is available for immediate purchase. product information and assembly instructions if you need more information that what is provided in the product description, a home furnishings consultant at your local store will be happy to answer all of your questions. refunds and returns should you wish to cancel your order, please refer to the following policies: refunds "prior" to delivery or pick up you may cancel your order and ask for a full refund prior delivery or pick up. a full refund will be issued to the original method of payment. to cancel your order, simply call a service representative, or, if you prefer, e-mail us at websupport@asfurniture.com refunds "after" delivery or pick up after your receipt of merchandise, if you are dissatisfied for any reason, you may return it for full refund, less delivery and restocking fees, so long as it is returned or exchanged within 7 days of pickup or delivery. except where prohibited by law, a 15% restocking fee may be charged on returned merchandise or cancelled orders. if a restocking fee is not charged, your refund will include taxes paid and the cost of any additional protection or warranty programs purchased.* to be eligible for return, except where prohibited by law, and unless your merchandise qualifies for replacement under a promotional program, mattresses and box springs must have law tags attached, be in their original, sealed factory wrapping, and be in sanitary condition, clean and free of tears, burns and stains of any kind. refunds may only be made if merchandise is in "as-new" condition. "as-is" and "one only" items are not refundable or exchangeable. refunds will be in the same form as that of the original payment and issued only to the individual(s) listed in the invoice, except for cash. if your original payment was a cash payment and your refund exceeds $250, a refund check will be issued by our corporate office within 10 days and will be mailed to you by the store. pick up and home delivery services each store's pickup and delivery services are unique to their local area. please contact your local store to find out what services are available. currently, we are only able to deliver furniture within a store's local delivery area and are unable to ship merchandise by alternate methods. delivery service our delivery service includes the following: delivery of products. assembly of your furniture (except on "ready to assemble" merchandise) for a period of one year, in-home service for repair or replacement of defective items. to ensure smooth delivery of your furniture, please review the following delivery policies: all online orders must be paid in full at the time of purchase. the day prior to your scheduled delivery date, our service store will contact you by phone to confirm an estimated four (4) hour time window for your delivery. unfortunately, we cannot take requests for time stops. if you must reschedule your delivery date, please notify your service store immediately or email us at websupport@asfurniture.com in preparation for your merchandise delivery, doorways should be measured to ensure clearance and rooms cleared so there is an unobstructed path between the point of entry to your home and the room where your new merchandise will be placed. due to liability issues, we cannot hoist merchandise, set up lamps, hang pictures or mirrors on walls, make electrical connections or move existing furniture, electronics, televisions, etc. we cannot deliver to anyone under age 18. if, during delivery, your merchandise or property has been damaged, you must notify store personnel within 7 days of the date of delivery. merchandise pick up pick-ups can be made at most of our locations. to ensure smooth pick-up of your furniture, please review the following pick-up policies: at the time of purchase, you will be notified what day your purchase will be ready for pickup. if an item is unavailable for the scheduled day, you will be notified by the service store in advance. online orders must be paid in full at the time of purchase. on the scheduled day, please proceed to the pickup/loading area with your receipt. please be sure that the size of your vehicle will accommodate the size of the furniture to be picked up. it is your responsibility to properly secure and tie down merchandise to your vehicle. associates may assist in loading customer merchandise but we reserve the right to refuse assistance where it may result in injuries or property damage. we will not be responsible for any damage or loss caused to customer merchandise and/or any vehicles during the loading or transportation of the customer's merchandise. be sure to inspect your purchase for any visible signs of defect prior to departing the store. once picked up, if you discover damages to your merchandise, you must notify store personnel within 7 days of taking possession of the merchandise and arrange to bring your merchandise to the store for service or exchange. service stores do not have the ability to hold merchandise past the scheduled date of pickup. if you are unable to pick up your merchandise on your scheduled day, notify the service store immediately. reporting damages/defects delivered items if, during delivery, your merchandise or property has been damaged, you must notify store personnel within 7 days of the date of delivery. pick up items if you discover damages to your merchandise, you must notify store personnel within 7 days of taking possession of the merchandise. customers that pick up merchandise from the store are required to return the merchandise to the store for service or exchange. warranty programs and repair service to ensure you are satisfied with your purchase, we offer the following guarantees and warranties: one (1) year warranty under conditions of normal usage we will conduct repairs on any defect in workmanship without any charge to the original purchaser for a one year period from the date of possession of the original purchase. we will not perform work or repair any furniture which may cause a hazard to our employees or our property. warranty coverage does not apply to furniture that has been heavily soiled, stained, intentionally misused, altered, improperly cleaned, infested, damaged in transit, or otherwise damaged in a way that is not the result of defect in the workmanship of the product. if the item cannot be repaired to factory specifications, the item will be replaced with the same or comparable merchandise. if the same item is not available, we will issue an in-store credit towards new merchandise. "as-is" items carry no warranty and the sale is final (except where prohibited by law). for warranty claims on mattresses, box springs, or additional protection or warranty programs, refer to that warranty for service information. accessory purchase warranty accessory items are warranted for a period of 90 days. extended protection plan (epp - purchases before 2014) enhance or extend your merchandise warranty by purchasing extended protection plan. extend a one-year manufacturer warranty or enhance your protection under the limited lifetime warranty. this program provides in-home coverage for three (3) years (including the one [1] year manufacturer warranty period) from the date of possession of the original purchase. please refer to the epp terms and conditions documentation for coverage, terms and conditions, exclusions and additional disclosures. guarantee of fabrics since manufacturers of upholstered fabrics do not guarantee their merchandise from shrinkage, color fastness, or quality wearing, we are unable to consider adjustments, claims or credits for fabric merchandise. to ensure the longevity of your fabric and leather products, optional protection is recommended. please refer to the fabric and leather protection programs for additional information. pure promise & pure support protection programs please take a moment to read your protection paperwork for specific information on coverage, exclusions, and how to obtain service. protection plans & warranties how can i protect the furniture i purchase? when you click "proceed to checkout" from your shopping cart, you'll arrive at the first step of our easy-to-use order process. if you have items in your order that can be protected, you'll see additional information and pricing. you can select pure promise or pure value for eligible items. pure promise is a 5 year protection plan and if you do not make a claim during the coverage period an in-store credit of the warranty amount will be available for use. learn more about pure promise protection › pure promise protection plan details › pure promise protection terms & conditions › pure support adjustable bases protection terms & conditions › guardsman outdoor furniture protection terms & conditions › contact uniters - pure promise directly at 1-877-478-2467 within 15 days of the occurrence that leads to your claim. view the uniters website mattress warranty programs your warranty is specific to the brand of mattress and/or box spring you have purchased. please refer to the warranty card that came with your merchandise at the time of pickup or delivery. if you have misplaced your warranty documentation, please print a copy using the links below. if you are unsure which warranty applies to your purchase, contact the store or delivery or pickup for additional information. as bedding warranty comforpedic bedding warranty sealy bedding warranty serta bedding warranty simmons bedding warranty sterns and foster bedding warranty bedgear bedgear claims are processed by gm warranty services. bedgear warranty 120 night sleep guarantee valid on all mattress set with a queen set value of $999 or more. must sleep on mattress a minimum of 30 nights. after 30 nights, customer has 90 days to return mattress. customer is responsible for returning the mattress to the store. limit one trial offer per customer. offer excludes all adjustable bases, box springs and accessories such as pillows, mattress protectors, etc. stained, or otherwise damaged mattress will not be accepted. valid in the state of tennessee. 120 night sleep guarantee store policies refunds and returns a refund or exchange may be requested at any time prior to your receipt of the merchandise. except where prohibited by law, a 15% restocking fee may be charged on returned merchandise or cancelled orders. if a restocking fee is not charged, your refund will include taxes paid and the cost of any additional protection or warranty programs purchased.* after your receipt of merchandise, if you are dissatisfied for any reason, you may return it for a refund, less delivery and restocking fee, so long as it is returned or exchanged within 7 days of pickup or delivery. refunds may only be made if merchandise is in "as-new" condition. "as-is" and "one only" items are not refundable or exchangeable. mattresses and box springs must have law tags attached, be in their original, sealed factory wrapping, and be in sanitary condition, clean and free of tears, burns and stains of any kind to be eligible for return, except where prohibited by law. refunds will be in the same form as that of the original payment and issued only to the individual(s) listed in the invoice, except for cash. if your original payment was a cash payment and your refund exceeds $250, a refund check will be issued by our corporate office within 10 days and will be mailed to you by the store. special order furniture and online only purchases special order and online only purchases must be paid for in full at the time of sale. commercial sales the use of a product other than for household purposes voids all warranties. we respect your privacy last updated december, 2012 we believe you're entitled to decide what information you share with us and how it is used, so we answer your questions about privacy up front! the information gathered on this site, is never shared with anyone, except in connection with your order. credit card or check information is only shared with financial institutions that process your payment. shipping information is shared with shippers that fulfill your order. information on financing applications goes directly to the financial institution that handles the financing; we never see your application information, only your approval code, name and address. technically, this shared information does pass out of our direct control, but we make clear to financial companies and manufacturers/shippers we work with that we expect your information to be handled appropriately. we do not sell, rent, share, trade or give away any of the information you provide to us except to the financial institutions processing your payment or you're financing application and the shippers that produce and/or deliver your order. no third party will solicit you as a result of information within our control. it is true that the information you provide is subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders. other than these fairly extreme cases, your personal information will be shared with no one. as a registered user, you may occasionally receive emails from us, including: newsletters. special offers. when you place an order with us online, you will also receive email updates regarding the status of your order. these emails, which are critical to fulfilling your order, will not be affected by updating your email preferences. should you no longer wish to receive these emails, you may "opt out" at any time by logging in to your account and clicking "update your email preferences." alternatively, you may mail your request to blueport commerce 580 harrison ave, boston, ma 02118 attention: privacy. or email us at privacy@blueport.com. secure shopping we make certain that we never share the information you've shared with us. we also make sure that your information is protected as you send it to us. our secure server software (ssl) is among the best technology available today. it encrypts (scrambles in code) all personal data you share with us, including your credit card and telephone numbers, name and address. we are so confident in our systems that we ensure 100% safety in the transactions you make with us.* *in the rare event that unauthorized charges are made to your credit card during a transaction with us, you will not be held responsible in any way. under federal law, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges. if your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50, valuecityfurniture.com will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50. we will cover this liability only if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own, on purchases made at valuecityfurniture.com while using the secure server. in the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, in order to qualify for the vcf.com security guarantee, you must undertake any steps required by federal law and your credit card agreement, including any provision requiring you to notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. if you have any questions regarding federal laws, contact your state's attorney general or the united states department of the treasury. user submissions and consent, waiver & release you may post or upload content you have created, including without limitation, photographs, your social media handle, videos, and comments (collectively, “user submissions”) to your social media accounts. by posting and uploading user submissions that you have tagged with #myvcf or #myasf or other value city furniture and american signature furniture brand hashtags, you grant to american signature inc. (and it’s employees and agents) its third-­-party service providers who provide content management services, and its retail partners (collectively, the “licensed parties”) the perpetual, unrestricted, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-exclusive, world-wide, transferable right to use, reproduce, publish, exhibit, distribute, and/or transmit your #myvcf/#myasf-tagged user submissions in any manner to be determined in the licensed parties’ sole discretion, including but not limited to on their webpages, social media (such as facebook, twitter, instagram, pinterest and all other social media platforms) pages operated by value city furniture and american signature furniture, and in other marketing, promotional and advertising initiatives, in any media now or hereafter known. value city furniture and american signature furniture may use, display, reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works from, combine with other materials, alter and/or edit your user submissions in any manner in its sole discretion, with no obligation to you whatsoever. you grant the licensed parties the right to use your username, real name, image, likeness, caption, location or other identifying information in connection with any use of your user submissions. you hereby represent and warrant that (i) you own all rights in and to your user submissions, (ii) you have permission from all person(s) appearing in your user submissions to grant to the licensed parties the rights granted herein; (iii) you are at least 18 years of age, and (iv) the licensed parties’ use of your user submissions as described herein will not violate the rights of any third party or any law. you waive the right to claim any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to punitive, consequential, direct or indirect damages. you hereby release, discharge and agree to hold value city furniture and american signature furniture, the licensed parties, and any person acting on value city furniture and american signature furniture or their behalf harmless from any and all liability related in any way to the licensed parties’ use, commercial or otherwise, of your user submissions. contest, sweepstakes and giveaways value city furniture & american signature furniture magnolia candle giveaway contest official rules no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter for a chance to win. by participating in the contest, entrant agrees to be bound by these official rules. sponsored by american signature, inc. the value city furniture (vcf) and american signature furniture (asf) magnolia candle giveaway contest on instagram ("contest") encourages fans and customers to post a photograph of a magnolia home product located in any vcf or asf store for a chance to win a magnolia candle. the selection of a winner will be chosen at random in the sole discretion of american signature, inc. ("sponsor"). timing:  the entry period begins at approximately 12:00 pm est on october 14, 2016 and ends at approximately 11:59 p.m. est on october 16, 2016 ("entry period"). eligibility:  the person entering the contest ("entrant") must (i) be 18 years of age or older as of october 14, 2016, (ii) be a u.s. citizen who is a resident of the united states (and its territories and possessions), and (iii) live in the american signature furniture and value city furniture markets. all other entrants will be disqualified. entrants are not eligible to win a prize through both asf and vcf and entrants are only eligible to win one prize from either vcf or asf one time per calendar year. employees of sponsor, sponsor’s affiliates and subsidiaries, and the advertising agencies associated with this contest, and members of the immediate family of any such persons or entity are not eligible to participate and win. conditions of participation:  entering the contest by submitting an entry (as defined below), constitutes entrant’s agreement to abide by and be bound by these official rules. by submitting an entry, entrant consents to being entered into the contest and grants sponsor the irrevocable and unrestricted right to use, reproduce, publish and modify the entry (as defined below) for promotional purposes, without additional compensation. being eligible to win the contest is contingent upon the fulfillment of all requirements set forth in these official rules. decisions of sponsor are final and binding in all matters related to entry and the winner’s selection process (as defined in these official rules). to enter:  during the entry period, entrants must take a picture of a magnolia home product located in any vcf or asf store, tag the picture with @amsigfurniture or @valuecityfurn, and use the official #magnoliavcf or #magnoliaasf on instagram for a chance to win a magnolia signature candle. entrant must be the person who is the authorized owner or domain name owner of the instagram account associated with the entry and the account must be set to public. one entry per person is permitted. instagram is not affiliated with sponsor nor is instagram a sponsor of this contest and will not participate in the winner selection process. selection of winners:  sponsor will select a winning photograph per brand (asf and vcf) at random and the selection of winners will take place on october 24, 2016. the winners chosen by sponsor will be final pending confirmation of eligibility in accordance with these official rules. all entries have the same chances of winning based on the total number of eligible entries received. prizes:  one winner per brand (vcf or asf) will be chosen to win a magnolia candle (cash value of $10). the prize is non-negotiable, non-transferable and not redeemable for cash. winners will be announced via the official @amsigfurniture and @valuecityfurn instagram accounts and will be contacted via instagram within one week of october 24, 2016 informing them of their selection as a winner, along with instructions on how winner may claim the prize. if sponsor does not receive a response from winner within 48 hours of notification, sponsor reserves the right to choose an alternate winner or terminate the prize. limitations of liability and release:  by entering the contest, entrants agree to release and hold harmless sponsor and its parent, subsidiaries, and agencies and each of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the "released parties") from and against any claim or cause of action arising out of or in connection with the entrant's participation in the contest. entrants further agree that in any cause of action, the released parties' liability will be limited to the costs of entering and participating in the contest and in no event shall the released parties by liable for attorneys' fees. entrants waive the right to claim any other additional damages whatsoever, including but not limited to, punitive, consequential, direct or indirect damages. by entering the contest, entrants agree to release and hold harmless the released parties from any and all liability for injuries, death or losses or damages to persons or property, as well as claims or actions based on copyright or intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, publicity rights, defamation and/or invasion of privacy. use of data:  sponsor may collect personal data about entrants, including entrant’s email address, in accordance with its privacy policy. click here to review the privacy policy. by entering the contest, entrants acknowledge and agree to sponsor's collection and usage of their personal information and acknowledge that they have read and accepted sponsor’s privacy policy. winners' list request:  to request confirmation of the name and address of the winners of the contest, please send a self-addressed, stamped business size envelope by november 7, 2016 to: vcf/asf magnolia candle giveaway contest, american signature, inc. — marketing dept., 4300 e. fifth ave, columbus, ohio 43219. enter your email address to get the latest news and deals. ×close thanks for signing up! now, you'll be among the first to hear about new items, special promotions, in-store events and more. close facebook twitter pinterest google+ instagram youtube blog shop with asf find a store weekly circular easy pass financing options manage my signature plus card gift cards best sellers new arrivals what's on sale get to know us about us careers faqs blog customer care (888) 751-8553 contact us product recalls track my order site map | privacy policy | terms & conditions | refunds and exchanges powered by blueport commerce ® © 2009 - 2016 ×close error ok ×close enter your zip code good news! available for pick-up only why do we ask for your zip code? by providing your delivery zip code, you’ll allow us to: let you know immediately if we can service your area. tailor our selection to make sure you see only items that can be delivered to you. inform you if the item is currently in stock. offer you special pricing that may only be available in some areas. help you find a local showroom in case you want to see an item in person. show you estimated delivery dates without having to checkout. american signature furniture respects your privacy and will not share this information with anyone. please wait... or use current location www.americansignaturefurniture.com is accepting online orders delivered to your zip code. although you live outside our delivery area, we invite you to order online and pick up your merchandise at your closest store or find another store here. your closest store: store hours: our delivery area continues to grow. as a registered user, we'll notify you if delivery becomes available in your neighborhood. in the meantime, we hope you enjoy our selection of merchandise that is available for pick up. our delivery area continues to grow. register with us today and we'll notify you as soon as delivery becomes available in your location. ×close continue shopping