来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181011152827/https://www.americansignaturefurniture.com/frequently-asked-questions
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | american signature furniture order tracking pin_icon small black pin location: change your location close_icon small red x delivery not available to your postal code small black check we deliver to you small black check buy online, pick-up here. your closest store: directions , regular hours: store locator page 1 heart wishlist sign in page 1 heart wishlist designer looks designer looks living room dining room bedroom quick links shop all designer looks shop all collections living seating sofas sectionals loveseats chairs & chaises sleeper sofas futons ottomans reclining reclining sofas reclining sectionals reclining loveseats recliners & rockers lift chairs cabinets & storage tv stands & media centers bookcases storage ottomans accent chests tables coffee tables end tables sofa tables accents fireplaces rugs pillows lighting wall art mirrors all accent pieces quick links shop all reclining furniture shop all power reclining shop all reclining sofas shop all custom furniture shop for upholstery shop for leather shop all living room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections dining tables dining tables dinettes cabinets & storage buffets & sideboards china cabinets & curios seating dining chairs counter & bar stools benches accents lighting wall art mirrors bars all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece dining rooms shop for 7 piece dining rooms shop all dining room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections bedroom beds twin beds full beds queen beds king beds daybeds futons headboards bunk beds & loft beds cabinets & storage dressers chests nightstands seating benches & settees accents pillows bed linens lighting wall art mirrors rugs all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece bedrooms shop for 6 piece bedrooms shop all bedroom see what's on sale see our bedroom packages see our best sellers see our collections shop all kids see our kids collections mattresses mattress sets twin mattress sets full mattress sets queen mattress sets king mattress sets accessories adjustable bases bed frames bed linens bunkie boards pillows brands beautysleep beautyrest beautyrest silver beautyrest platinum beautyrest black beautyrest silver hybrid serta icomfort hybrid serta icomfort foam serta perfect sleeper miraclefoam manufacturers serta simmons quick links shop all mattresses shop all spring mattresses shop all hybrid mattresses shop all foam mattresses see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections accents home accessories bed linens wall art mirrors pillows lighting rugs furniture tv stands & media centers home office bookcases chairs ottomans fireplaces benches & settees bars accent tables patio outdoor chairs outdoor tables outdoor dinettes outdoor sofas quick links shop by brand shop all accents see our best sellers shop all free shipping shop all patio see our patio packages new arrivals sale loading your cart. please wait... qty : your cart is empty. view cart search designer looks designer looks view all designer looks designer looks designer looks living room dining room bedroom quick links quick links shop all designer looks shop all collections living living view all living seating seating sofas sectionals loveseats chairs & chaises sleeper sofas futons ottomans reclining reclining reclining sofas reclining sectionals reclining loveseats recliners & rockers lift chairs cabinets & storage cabinets & storage tv stands & media centers bookcases storage ottomans accent chests tables tables coffee tables end tables sofa tables accents accents fireplaces rugs pillows lighting wall art mirrors all accent pieces quick links quick links shop all reclining furniture shop all power reclining shop all reclining sofas shop all custom furniture shop for upholstery shop for leather shop all living room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections dining dining view all dining tables tables dining tables dinettes cabinets & storage cabinets & storage buffets & sideboards china cabinets & curios seating seating dining chairs counter & bar stools benches accents accents lighting wall art mirrors bars all accent pieces quick links quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece dining rooms shop for 7 piece dining rooms shop all dining room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections bedroom bedroom view all bedroom beds beds twin beds full beds queen beds king beds daybeds futons headboards bunk beds & loft beds cabinets & storage cabinets & storage dressers chests nightstands seating seating benches & settees accents accents pillows bed linens lighting wall art mirrors rugs all accent pieces quick links quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece bedrooms shop for 6 piece bedrooms shop all bedroom see what's on sale see our bedroom packages see our best sellers see our collections shop all kids see our kids collections mattresses mattresses view all mattresses mattress sets mattress sets twin mattress sets full mattress sets queen mattress sets king mattress sets accessories accessories adjustable bases bed frames bed linens bunkie boards pillows brands brands beautysleep beautyrest beautyrest silver beautyrest platinum beautyrest black beautyrest silver hybrid serta icomfort hybrid serta icomfort foam serta perfect sleeper miraclefoam manufacturers manufacturers serta simmons quick links quick links shop all mattresses shop all spring mattresses shop all hybrid mattresses shop all foam mattresses see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections accents accents view all accents home accessories home accessories bed linens wall art mirrors pillows lighting rugs furniture furniture tv stands & media centers home office bookcases chairs ottomans fireplaces benches & settees bars accent tables patio patio outdoor chairs outdoor tables outdoor dinettes outdoor sofas quick links quick links shop by brand shop all accents see our best sellers shop all free shipping shop all patio see our patio packages new arrivals sale order tracking wishlist account wishlist frequently asked questions faq quick links finding help › delivery & pick-up › pricing & payments › report damages or defects › accounts & your privacy › protection plans & warranties › we make shopping hassle-free we want to make sure that shopping for furniture is as easy as possible. we strive to deliver a hassle-free experience from start to finish, because your happiness matters! if you have any questions or comments, we're here to help. so give us a call or use our live chat, we'd love to hear what you have to say. 1-888-751-8552 you've got questions... we've got answers! need some help navigating the site, questions about specific products, maybe you're unsure about what to look for when shopping for furniture? then you are in the right place. read some of the most frequently asked questions by shoppers just like you. finding the right help i have questions about a product? you can find detailed information of any item on the product detail page, but if additional questions arise you may contact one of our home furnishing consultants at any of our stores. you can also call our customer care crew and they will be happy to answer your questions. if talking on the phone isn't your thing, you can chat with a representative while you browse the site. i have questions about my order? local service representatives are available to help with your order. we will send you the phone number for your local customer support team as soon as your order is processed. as always you can call our customer care crew, send us an email at anytime or chat live with a representative. plus don't forget, easy-to-access to check the status of your order is available online. track my order send us an email chat live with customer care call us toll free: 1-888-751-8552 why do you need my zip code? we won't sell you furniture until we're sure we can service your area to ensure smooth delivery of your order. we use your zip code to: let you know immediately if we can service your area tailor our selection to make sure you see only items that can be delivered to you inform you once the item is currently in stock offer you special pricing that may only be available in some areas help you find a local showroom in case you want to see an item in person show you estimated delivery dates without having to checkout can i see your furniture in a store? yes! to see our furniture in a store, visit our store locator page and enter your zip code we'll show you a listing of the stores that are closest to you. find a store near you how do i know that the color i see on screen is accurate? every computer monitor displays colors slightly differently. to ensure your seeing the color of our products as they truly are take the m&m monitor calibration test › if the colors of the candies you see on screen don't look the same as they do in real life, try adjusting your monitor's brightness and contrast. refer to your computer user manual for instructions on how to adjust color settings. do you offer special order furniture? yes! get a personalized look in a few simple steps. any sofa, any style just $599.99. personalize now reporting damaged or defective furniture what if my furniture is damaged or defective? if during delivery your merchandise or property has been damaged, you must notify store personnel within 7 days of the date of delivery. if you believe a product to be defective please notify store personnel. if during shipping your merchandise has been damaged, you must notify store personnel within 7 days of the date of delivery. damaged merchandise will be repaired or replaced. customers who have merchandise shipped from a vendor are required to return the merchandise to their local store if repair or return is required. if during or after you have picked-up your furniture you discover damages to your merchandise, you must notify store personnel within 7 days of taking possession of the merchandise. customers that pick-up merchandise from the store are required to return the merchandise to the store for service or exchange. delivery, shipping & pick-up services each store's pickup and delivery services are unique to their local area. please contact your local store to find out what services are available. currently, we are only able to deliver or ship furniture within a store's local delivery area and are unable to ship merchandise by alternate methods. all online orders must be paid in full at the time of purchase. delivery service our delivery services include: delivery of furniture to your home assembly of your furniture (except on "ready to assemble" merchandise) for a period of one year, in-home service for repair or replacement of defective items to ensure smooth delivery of your furniture, please review the following delivery policies: all online orders must be paid in full at the time of purchase the day prior to your scheduled delivery date, our service store will contact you by phone to confirm an estimated four (4) hour time window for your delivery. unfortunately, we cannot take requests for time stops if you must reschedule your delivery date, please notify your service store immediately or email us at websupport@vcf.com in preparation for your merchandise delivery, doorways should be measured to ensure clearance and rooms cleared so there is an unobstructed path between the point of entry to your home and the room where your new merchandise will be placed due to liability issues, we cannot hoist merchandise, set up lamps, hang pictures or mirrors on walls, make electrical connections or move existing furniture, electronics, televisions, etc. we cannot deliver to anyone under age 18 if, during delivery, your merchandise or property has been damaged, you must notify store personnel within 7 days of the date of delivery merchandise shipping service our shipping services include: shipment of furniture to your home merchandise is delivered through a variety of national or regional carriers, such as but not limited to: fedex, ups or usps products ship from vendor’s warehouse within 48 hours merchandise is shipped ground and can take up to 5 days to be delivered depending on your location after an order has shipped, tracking information is emailed to your registered email address if, during shipping, your merchandise has been damaged, you must notify store personnel within 7 days of the date of delivery merchandise pick-up service pick-ups can be made at most of our store locations or distribution centers. to ensure smooth pick-up of your furniture, please review the following pick-up policies: at the time of purchase, you will be notified what day your purchase will be ready for pickup. if an item is unavailable for the scheduled day, you will be notified by the service store in advance online orders must be paid in full at the time of purchase on the scheduled day, please proceed to the pickup/loading area with your receipt please be sure that the size of your vehicle will accommodate the size of the furniture to be picked up. it is your responsibility to properly secure and tie down merchandise to your vehicle associates may assist in loading customer merchandise but we reserve the right to refuse assistance where it may result in injuries or property damage we will not be responsible for any damage or loss caused to customer merchandise and/or any vehicles during the loading or transportation of the customer's merchandise be sure to inspect your purchase for any visible signs of defect prior to departing the store. once picked up, if you discover damages to your merchandise, you must notify store personnel within 7 days of taking possession of the merchandise and arrange to bring your merchandise to the store for service or exchange service stores do not have the ability to hold merchandise past the scheduled date of pickup. if you are unable to pick up your merchandise on your scheduled day, notify the service store immediately pricing & payments our price guarantee shop our stores and website with confidence! if any purchased item goes on sale within 21 days of your purchase date, we will refund the difference to you! if you made your purchase in one of our stores, just bring your receipt into that store within the 21 day period and our store staff will process your price protection adjustment. if you shopped online, call our customer service department with your order number, and we will be happy to process your price protection adjustment over the phone. terms and conditions the item must be the same item number and sku as the item purchased. only one price protection adjustment per identical item per person. when you request a price protection adjustment, the lower price must be published and valid in a value city furniture or american signature furniture store or website at that time. price protection adjustment is valid for online and in-store purchases. all price protection adjustments will be issued in the original form of payment. cannot be used in connection with any other promotion(s). all price protection adjustment requests must be submitted directly by the customer whose name appears on the invoice. due to customer privacy and security concerns, value city furniture and american signature furniture do not accept price protection adjustment requests submitted via applications or third parties. exclusions offers that include financing or free delivery. bundling of items. free items. buy-one-get-one-free items and gift-with-purchase offers if the retail price is not shown in the advertisement. typographical or other pricing errors. mail-in offers and instant rebates. items that are advertised as limited-quantity, limited-time, out-of-stock, open-box, clearance, refurbished/used, custom orders, closeout, floor samples, as-is, damaged, or liquidation sales. coupon-required prices. threshold offers for which a previous transaction does not qualify. do you have layaway? while we don't offer a traditional layaway program, we do have a program that allows you to lock in an amazing sale price for 90 days. once you have paid in full for your furniture, you can make arrangements to pick it up or have it delivered. visit a local store or call our web team to start your price lock for the furniture you love! this policy does not guarantee availability of the merchandise your purchase must be a minimum of $500 with a 10% down payment payments of 10% of the original invoice total must be made each month you may cancel the price lock and receive a full refund if your request is made within 180 days of your last payment after 180 days of inactivity, vcf/asf will deduct a non-refundable $10 service fee from your invoice every month, except where prohibited by law are the prices in my shopping cart guaranteed? we make every attempt to maintain the lowest prices on the items we offer, but price changes do occur, sometimes overnight. as a result, prices on items stored in your shopping cart are subject to change until you have actually placed your order and it has been processed. please note, we reserve the right not to accept your order in the case of a pricing error or other technical issue. in the rare instance that your order is not accepted, you will be notified immediately and your card will not be charged. what types of payments do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover and our private label credit cards. please note we cannot accept credit cards issued outside the united states and canada for online orders at this time. do you accept cod orders? no, we cannot accept cod orders. all orders must be paid in full once submitted online. registration & privacy what are the benefits of registering? the process takes only a moment, just enter some information and you’re done! save your online shopping cart and retrieve it from any device save your address and payment information for faster checkout track your order online receive notice of sale events and exclusive offers how do i change my personal information? login to your account to change your street or e-mail address, phone number, password or payment options. please note changes made to "my account" will not update information in your order. to change any information in your order please contact your local customer service team provided in the email confirmation. do you share my information with anyone? we will not share your personal information with anyone, except as is required to fulfill your order. read our privacy policy › protection plans & warranties how can i protect the furniture i purchase? when you click "proceed to checkout" from your shopping cart, you'll arrive at the first step of our easy-to-use order process. if you have items in your order that can be protected, you'll see additional information and pricing. you can select pure promise or pure value for eligible items. pure promise is a 5 year protection plan and if you do not make a claim during the coverage period an in-store credit of the warranty amount will be sent back to you. learn more about pure promise › pure promise protection terms & conditions › pure support adjustable bases protection terms & conditions › guardsman outdoor furniture protection terms & conditions › what do i do if something happens to my protected furniture? contact uniters - pure promise directly at 1-877-478-2467 within 15 days of the occurrence that leads to your claim. view the uniters website complete list > shop with asf find a store weekly circular easy pass financing options manage my signature plus card best sellers new arrivals what's on sale get to know us about us careers faqs customer care (888) 751-8553 contact us product recalls track my order refunds and exchanges follow us subscribe for special offers, discounts, and promotions sign up ×close thanks for signing up! now, you'll be among the first to hear about new items, special promotions, in-store events and more. close follow us @ copyright 2018 american signature, inc. all rights reserved. site map | privacy policy | terms & conditions powered by blueport commerce subscribe for special offers, discounts, and promotions sign up ×close thanks for signing up! now, you'll be among the first to hear about new items, special promotions, in-store events and more. close shop with asf find a store weekly circular easy pass financing options manage my signature plus card best sellers new arrivals what's on sale customer care (888) 751-8553 contact us product recalls track my order refunds and exchanges get to know us about us careers faqs @ copyright 2018 american signature, inc. all rights reserved. site map | privacy policy | terms & conditions powered by blueport commerce ×close error ok ×close enter your zip code good news! available for pick-up only why do we ask for your zip code? by providing your delivery zip code, you’ll allow us to: let you know immediately if we can service your area. tailor our selection to make sure you see only items that can be delivered to you. inform you if the item is currently in stock. offer you special pricing that may only be available in some areas. help you find a local showroom in case you want to see an item in person. show you estimated delivery dates without having to checkout. american signature furniture respects your privacy and will not share this information with anyone. please wait... zip code or use current location www.americansignaturefurniture.com is accepting online orders delivered to your zip code. although you live outside our delivery area, we invite you to order online and pick up your merchandise at your closest store or https://www.americansignaturefurniture.com/store-locator find another store here. your closest store: store hours: our delivery area continues to grow. as a registered user, we'll notify you if delivery becomes available in your neighborhood. in the meantime, we hope you enjoy our selection of merchandise that is available for pick up. our delivery area continues to grow. register with us today and we'll notify you as soon as delivery becomes available in your location. ×close your email address continue shopping