来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191222154506/https://www.americansignaturefurniture.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | american signature furniture order tracking pin_icon small black pin location: change your location close_icon small red x delivery not available to your postal code small black check we deliver to you small black check buy online, pick-up here. your closest store: directions , regular hours: store locator page 1 heart wishlist account page 1 heart wishlist living room seating sofas sectionals loveseats chairs & chaises sleeper sofas & futons ottomans reclining reclining sofas reclining sectionals reclining loveseats recliners & rockers lift chairs cabinets & storage tv stands & media centers bookcases accent chests tables coffee tables end tables sofa & console tables accents fireplaces rugs pillows lighting wall art & decor mirrors all accent pieces quick links shop all living room packages shop all reclining furniture shop all power reclining shop all reclining sofas shop all custom furniture shop for upholstery shop for leather shop all living room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections dining room tables dining tables dinettes seating dining chairs counter & bar stools benches cabinets & storage buffets & sideboards china cabinets & curios accents lighting wall art & decor mirrors bars all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece dining rooms shop for 7 piece dining rooms shop all dining room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections bedroom beds twin beds full beds queen beds king beds daybeds futons headboards bunk beds & loft beds cabinets & storage dressers chests nightstands seating benches & settees accents pillows lighting wall art & decor mirrors rugs all accent pieces quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece bedrooms shop for 6 piece bedrooms shop all bedroom see what's on sale see our bedroom packages see our best sellers see our collections shop all kids see our kids collections mattresses mattress size twin mattresses full mattresses queen mattresses king mattresses accessories adjustable bases bed frames bunkie boards pillows brands dream mattresses dream-in-a-box simmons beautyrest hypnos nature's spa quick links shop all mattresses shop all spring mattresses shop all hybrid mattresses shop all foam mattresses see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections kids beds twin beds full beds daybeds futons headboards bunk beds & loft beds all beds cabinets & storage dressers chests nightstands seating benches & settees desks & chairs accents pillows all accent pieces quick links shop all kids shop our kids bedroom packages see what's on sale see our kids collections accents home accessories wall art & decor mirrors pillows lighting rugs furniture tv stands & media centers home office bookcases chairs ottomans fireplaces benches & settees bars accent tables storage quick links shop by brand shop all accents see our best sellers shop all free shipping inspiration urban farmhouse designer looks apt. 1710 look book new arrivals designer looks by iskra style insiders sale offers & promotions shop the sale weekly ad loading your cart. please wait... qty : your cart is empty. view cart search living room living room view all living room seating seating sofas sectionals loveseats chairs & chaises sleeper sofas & futons ottomans reclining reclining reclining sofas reclining sectionals reclining loveseats recliners & rockers lift chairs cabinets & storage cabinets & storage tv stands & media centers bookcases accent chests tables tables coffee tables end tables sofa & console tables accents accents fireplaces rugs pillows lighting wall art & decor mirrors all accent pieces quick links quick links shop all living room packages shop all reclining furniture shop all power reclining shop all reclining sofas shop all custom furniture shop for upholstery shop for leather shop all living room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections dining room dining room view all dining room tables tables dining tables dinettes seating seating dining chairs counter & bar stools benches cabinets & storage cabinets & storage buffets & sideboards china cabinets & curios accents accents lighting wall art & decor mirrors bars all accent pieces quick links quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece dining rooms shop for 7 piece dining rooms shop all dining room see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections bedroom bedroom view all bedroom beds beds twin beds full beds queen beds king beds daybeds futons headboards bunk beds & loft beds cabinets & storage cabinets & storage dressers chests nightstands seating seating benches & settees accents accents pillows lighting wall art & decor mirrors rugs all accent pieces quick links quick links shop by brand shop for 5 piece bedrooms shop for 6 piece bedrooms shop all bedroom see what's on sale see our bedroom packages see our best sellers see our collections shop all kids see our kids collections mattresses mattresses view all mattresses mattress size mattress size twin mattresses full mattresses queen mattresses king mattresses accessories accessories adjustable bases bed frames bunkie boards pillows brands brands dream mattresses dream-in-a-box simmons beautyrest hypnos nature's spa quick links quick links shop all mattresses shop all spring mattresses shop all hybrid mattresses shop all foam mattresses see what's on sale see our best sellers see our collections kids kids view all kids beds beds twin beds full beds daybeds futons headboards bunk beds & loft beds all beds cabinets & storage cabinets & storage dressers chests nightstands seating seating benches & settees desks & chairs accents accents pillows all accent pieces quick links quick links shop all kids shop our kids bedroom packages see what's on sale see our kids collections accents accents view all accents home accessories home accessories wall art & decor mirrors pillows lighting rugs furniture furniture tv stands & media centers home office bookcases chairs ottomans fireplaces benches & settees bars accent tables storage quick links quick links shop by brand shop all accents see our best sellers shop all free shipping inspiration inspiration view all inspiration urban farmhouse designer looks apt. 1710 new arrivals look book designer looks by iskra style insiders sale sale view all sale offers & promotions shop the sale weekly ad order tracking wishlist account wishlist privacy policyupdated: 10/26/2018your privacy is important to us.american signature furniture values its customers and respects their privacy. this privacy policy applies to personal information that we collect about you through our website. this information is used to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. neither your name nor anything about you is sold to any other non-affiliated company or agency. however, as described in greater detail below, we may share your information under certain circumstances with business partners that help this site function or assist us in fulfilling your order. this privacy policy only covers information collected on the website, and does not cover any information collected offline by american signature furniture, including information collected at our stores.this policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it with third parties. our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use certain of that information. information we collect and how we use itin a purchase, we collect information such as your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address and payment card information.during website registration, product review, surveys, or other programs you participate in, we collect information such as your name, email address, password, address, and telephone number.when you participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions, we collect information such as name, email address, telephone, zip code and gender, birth month and day, or other information you provide.from american signature’s interactions with you: we collect information about you and your transactions and other interactions with us, including the products or services you purchase, use and return. from third party sources: we may combine your information with information we collect or receive about you from other online and offline sources, which helps us to customize our services. if you are applying for or financing your purchase using a american signature furniture credit card, issued by synchrony financial (“synchrony”) (“credit card”), we collect, use and disclose your information including personal information and/or financial information, on our own behalf and as agent for synchrony, and synchrony’s affiliates for the purposes set out in this policy, the credit card application, the cardholder agreement for the credit card and synchrony’s privacy agreement found at www.synchronyfinancial.com. american signature furniture may be providing customer service on the credit card accounts for synchrony. synchrony and american signature furniture may share your information including personal, financial and/or transaction information with each other and with their affiliates or others for that purpose and as described in this policy, the credit card application, the cardholder agreement for the credit card and synchrony’s privacy agreement found at www.synchronyfinancial.com. we sometimes ask you for certain kinds of personal information to provide the services you request. this information includes:information we collect by automated meanscookieswe may collect information about your computer, including where available your ip address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. this is statistical data about how you browse our website. for the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. cookies help us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more customized service. they enable us:to estimate usage numbers and patternsto store information about your preferences, and to allow us to customize our website according to your individual intereststo speed up your searchesto recognize you when you return to our websiteyou may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the website or unable to avail of any of our services. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our website. additionally, if a browser is set to issue a do not track signal, we do not place tracking cookies on this browser.pixel tagswe also use "pixel tags" (sometimes called “internet tags”, "web beacons" or "clear gifs"), which are tiny graphic images, on our website. pixel tags help us analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising. we work with service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information. pixel tags on our website may be used to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the site. this information may include your computer's internet protocol (ip) address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your computer. we may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site. we do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites. pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages, such as when you receive, open, or click a link in an email message from us. we also work with business partners that use tracking technologies to deliver advertisements on our behalf across the internet. these companies may collect information about your visits to our website and your interaction with our advertising and other communications. we may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from you. this information may be used to improve our website, to personalize your online experience, to help us deliver information to you, to determine the effectiveness of our advertising, and for other internal business purposes.use of your informationuse the information we collect from our customers for various purposes, including:process transactions upon their requestimprove our stores, website, customers shopping experience and quality of servicesend communications about our products, services and promotionsprevent and detect fraud and abuseprocess information or claims in connection with incidents at our storesenable our service providers to perform certain activities on our behalfcomply with our legal obligations, policies and procedures and for internal administrative and analytics purposes.others with whom we share your information service providers: we also may disclose information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer. for example, we may work with an outside company to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) assist us in distributing e-mails; (c) assist us with direct marketing and data collection; (d) provide us data storage and analysis; (e) provide fraud prevention; (f) provide customer service by phone or chat and (g) other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. we require that these outside companies agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in the agreements. american signature furniture credit card accounts: we may share your information with the financial institution that issues american signature furniture credit card accounts compliance with law: we may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability and protect our rights or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors of this website or the public. links to other siteswhile visiting our website, you may link to sites operated by our business partners or other third parties. this does not mean that we endorse these sites. we do not make any representations or warranties about any website you may access through the american signature furniture website. they are independent from us, and we have no control over, or responsibility for, their information or activities. in addition, our privacy practices may differ from those of these other sites. if you provide personal information at one of those sites, you are subject to the privacy policy of the operator of that site, not the american signature furniture privacy policy. please make sure you understand the other site's privacy policy before providing personal information.securityamerican signature furniture goes to great lengths to keep your financial information private and safe. we take appropriate physical, electronic and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. in addition, it is our policy to never send your credit card number via e-mail. our customer service center and stores also operate over a private, secure network. please note, however, that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information. we use secure socket layers (ssl), the industry standard in transferring information to process your orders. the ssl encrypts, or translates, your order information into a highly indecipherable code, which is processed immediately. all credit card transactions occur in a secure area of our site, to protect you from any loss, misuse or alteration of information collected. when you have finished shopping and begin the checkout process, you will move into the secure area of our site. once you've entered, the page address (url) will change from http to https, to let you know you are in a secure area. you will remain in this secure zone for the entire checkout process. unfortunately, despite our best efforts, the transmission of data over the internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure. while we will use every reasonable means to ensure the security of information you transmit to us, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be intercepted by third parties. we will, however, prosecute any unauthorized or fraudulent transactions to the fullest extent permitted by law."spoofing" and "phishing"a common internet scam is known as “spoofing” or “phishing.” this occurs when you receive an email from what appears to be a legitimate source requesting personal information from you. please be aware that american signature furniture will never send you an email requesting you to verify credit card, bank information, or any other personal information. if you ever receive an email that appears to be from us requesting such information from you, do not respond to it, and do not click on any links appearing in the email. instead, please forward the email to us at websupport@americansignature.com, as we will investigate all instances of possible internet fraud.your consentyou acknowledge that this privacy and usage policy is part of the terms of use and you agree that using our website signifies your assent to american signature furniture’s privacy policy and related terms of use provided above, is subject to all applicable laws, and is undertaken at your own risk. american signature furniture reserves the right to change this privacy and usage policy at any time, without advance notice. if we decide to change our privacy and usage policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. safe harbour privacy policyamerican signature furniture’s practices regarding the collection, storage, transfer, use and other processing of personal information follow the safe harbour principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, access, security, data integrity, and enforcement. notice – american signature furniture will give you timely and appropriate notice describing what personal information we’re collecting, how we will use it, and types of third parties with whom we may share it with.choice – american signature furniture will give you choices about the ways we use and share your personal information, and we will respect the choices you make.onward transfer – when disclosing information to a third party, american signature furniture applies the notice and choice principles and takes appropriate measures to protect your privacy and the personal information we transfer.access – american signature furniture provides ways for you to access your personal information, as required by law, so that you can correct inaccuraciess.security – american signature furniture will take appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.data integrity – american signature furniture takes reasonable steps to ensure that personal information the company collects is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used and that the information is reliable for its intended use and is accurate, complete and current.enforcement – american signature furniture uses a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible and in conformity with the principles. we encourage interested persons to raise any concerns using the contact information below and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principleshow to contact usif you have any questions about your privacy or security on our website, please contact us at webmaster@americansignature.com. alternatively, you may mail your request toamerican signature, inc.4300 e. fifth avenuecolumbus, oh 43219attention: privacy shop with asf find a store weekly circular easy pass financing options manage my signature plus card best sellers new arrivals what's on sale get to know us about us careers faqs customer care (888) 751-8553 contact us track my order refunds and exchanges follow us subscribe for special offers, discounts, and promotions sign up ×close thanks for signing up! now, you'll be among the first to hear about new items, special promotions, in-store events and more. close follow us @ copyright 2019 american signature, inc. all rights reserved. site map | privacy policy | terms & conditions powered by blueport commerce subscribe for special offers, discounts, and promotions sign up ×close thanks for signing up! now, you'll be among the first to hear about new items, special promotions, in-store events and more. close shop with asf find a store weekly circular easy pass financing options manage my signature plus card best sellers new arrivals what's on sale customer care (888) 751-8553 contact us track my order refunds and exchanges get to know us about us careers faqs @ copyright 2019 american signature, inc. all rights reserved. site map | privacy policy | terms & conditions powered by blueport commerce ×close error ok × close enter your zip code good news! enter your zip code for accurate pricing and delivery dates. please wait... zip code or use current location www.americansignaturefurniture.com is accepting online orders delivered to your zip code. pickup created with sketch. direct shipping created with sketch. store hours: our delivery area continues to grow. as a registered user, we'll notify you if delivery becomes available in your neighborhood. in the meantime, we hope you enjoy our selection of merchandise that is available for pick up. ×close your email address continue shopping