来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111221204829/http://www.modcloth.com/about_us/susans-story
================================================================================

susan's story | about us | modcloth modcloth notifications order history wishlists customer care | hello, | | sign out sign in shopping bag ( 0 items ) checkout new arrivals new arrivals back in stock coming soon shop our outfits shop our designers gifts gifts for gals gifts for guys sweetheart shop gift certificates shop spotlight styles fancy frocks cozy casual work appropriate just arrived! clothing dresses party one shoulder strapless casual prints floral ruffle tiered mini dress longer lengths maxi tops blouses sleeveless tees tunics sweaters bottoms skirts pants shorts rompers outerwear jackets coats blazers & vests swimwear one piece two piece tights & socks tights socks leggings intimates sale dresses tops bottoms outerwear back in stock shop our outfits shop our designers gifts gifts for gals gifts for guys sweetheart shop gift certificates shop spotlight styles fancy frocks cozy casual work appropriate shoes shoes heels wedges boots flats sandals sale back in stock shop our outfits shop our designers gifts gifts for gals gifts for guys sweetheart shop gift certificates shop spotlight styles fancy frocks cozy casual work appropriate bags & accessories bags big bags handbags & clutches wallets & whatnots jewelry necklaces earrings bracelets & watches rings & pins sunglasses hats hair accessories scarves gloves belts umbrellas beauty sale back in stock shop our outfits shop our designers gifts gifts for gals gifts for guys sweetheart shop gift certificates shop spotlight styles fancy frocks cozy casual work appropriate apartment decor kitchen & tabletop bath room & wall decor lighting curtains & rugs store & organize books desktop office stationery diy cameras & electronics cameras & film media accessories clocks & gadgets travel pets toys & novelties sale back in stock shop our outfits shop our designers gifts gifts for gals gifts for guys sweetheart shop gift certificates shop spotlight styles fancy frocks cozy casual work appropriate be the buyer latest sample vote now here's your chance to become a virtual member of our fashion buying team! be the buyer allows you to vote on style samples that with your help could be sewn for and sold exclusively by modcloth browse through the potential designs, click 'pick it!' to vote on your favorites, and tell us why you picked or passed them in the comments section. your vote counts! vintage daily vintage clothing & decor just a girl in a thrift store - that's how it all began. susan, our co-founder and chief creative officer, sold her favorite vintage finds from her dorm room. soon, a 'store' was born! vintage clothing and decor is still very near and dear to us, so we sell at least one item a day. they go fast, so visit often to snag your own modcloth one of a kind! sale just added sale dresses tops bottoms shoes bags & accessories outerwear apartment blog latest blog posts deskside chat: meet jade!art ‘n’ fashion: illustrator jordan sondler’s stylin’ sketchestalk it out: for good measure-ment modcloth blog in other words style glossary the written wardrobe explore some more susan's story modstylists about us susan's story life at modcloth careers testimonials press find us: facebook twitter kaboodle polyvore modcloth » about us » susan's story susan's story a thrifting tale interview with susan a puppy tail a thrifting tale: susan's story when modcloth founder susan gregg koger was in high school, she spent weekends thrift shopping for unique vintage finds. she found herself snatching up great pieces that weren't necessarily her size, but that she couldn't pass up. when she went away to college at carnegie mellon university, she had a dorm room full of amazing clothes and accessories. so, at 17-years old, she decided to start an online shop with her boyfriend-turned-husband, eric koger. susan quickly realized there were many girls like her who wanted to express their personal style with one-of-a-kind and unique apparel. when her small dorm room was bursting at the seams with retro garb, susan and eric decided to set up shop in a house that doubled as their living space and office. they increased their inventory to feed their customers' hunger for retro clothing, selling vintage-inspired items from indie designers, as well as continuing to provide shoppers with one-of-a-kind vintage pieces. today, modcloth has grown into a thriving business of over 100 employees, yet the small-business feel remains. susan can still be found out on the road finding the most unique pieces possible for modshoppers, and she's still encouraging women everywhere to express their personal style! interview with susan how would you describe your personal style? i wear a lot of modcloth and a lot of vintage. my original goal in 2006 was to keep one of everything, but our inventory is so big now that i'd need a whole house as a closet. even though i have to be selective, my wardrobe is still kind of insane. eric calls it the "modcloth archive". my personal style is pretty variable, and i definitely dress for my mood. i almost never pick out an outfit beforehand, i just see where my closet takes me each morning. my always-feel-and-look-good stand by is a knee-length dress with a bold print, a-line skirt, and belted waist. add a cute pair of heels and i know that i'll feel ready to take on the world. i don't update as much as i should, but you can see some of my daily outfits on my chictopia blog. what got you interested in vintage fashion? one of my first fashion memories is playing dress-up in my grandma's basement. she had an amazing wardrobe in the 60s and 70s (some of which she kept), and i loved to imagine what her life was like when she wore those garments. the story behind vintage pieces has always fascinated me. how did you start modcloth? growing up, i always had a passion for thrifting and was unable to pass up a great vintage find, even if it wasn’t my size or style. by 2002, i had amassed quite a collection, and my boyfriend at the time (now husband) eric, had started his own website when he was 16 and designed a website to help me turn thrifting into a modest money-making hobby. both of us attended carnegie mellon university, and the business moved from my dorm room, to a basement, to larger and larger warehouses. what was the business like in the beginning? modcloth originally carried only vintage items that i picked out on thrifting excursions. i did everything on the website from writing descriptions, to photographing items, to packing up orders. the "customer service line" listed on the website at that time was actually just my cell phone number! but in 2006, after graduating from cmu, i made the decision to take modcloth from a hobby to a career, and eric and i attended our first trade show. i started finding indie designers that were making clothing that fit our vintage inspired aesthetic - this is when modcloth really began to start looking like what it is today! why did you start carrying new, independently designed items alongside the vintage items? it was definitely the right next step for modcloth as a business. once i was done with school and started working on the site full-time, it was clear that the demand for our aesthetic was much greater than the supply of vintage clothing. plus, it made sense because it was a better experience for our customer - everyone knows the heartache of finding the perfect vintage item that's in the wrong size! i also really loved the idea of working with and supporting other small businesses. how do you choose your garments, both the vintage and independently designed pieces? what things do you keep in mind? where do you look to find new trends or products? when i shop for vintage, it's an extremely visceral experience. i'm looking for those pieces that jump off the rack and speak to me. the process is very similar when i'm looking for new designers to feature. my first criteria: "is this something i want to wear?" no matter what the current fashion trends are, pieces that make us feel like the very best version of ourselves will never go out of style. so even if the industry is saying that we should be wearing our skirts shorter or longer or whatever, my goal is to find those pieces that just work, regardless of trend. my inspiration comes from all over the place. shopping for vintage is always very inspiring for me, because fashion is cyclical. anything that's "in" right now has been done before in some way. i love street style and personal style blogs; i have a kind of insane google reader list. i'm also so inspired by our customers, i love to see how they're interpreting and wearing modcloth, whether it's on their blog, our flickr style exchange, or on a social network like chictopia or facebook. describe a typical work day. i travel a lot, so my work day is pretty dramatically different depending on where i am. when i'm finding new items for the site, i am usually at a tradeshow or visiting designers. we travel all over the world to find the most unique designs, but the most common places are the fashion centers of the us - new york city and los angeles. those days entail a lot of walking around and a lot of shopping - sometimes we'll order more than 300 items in a single day! when i'm in the office, i'm working with the different creative teams (writing, merchandising, photography, design, marketing) to plan our campaigns and promotions. i love those days, because we have such an incredibly talented team, and working with other people who love what they do is really inspiring to me. if i'm in the same city, i participate in our marketing photoshoots, which are so much fun. seeing the clothing come to life on a real person is amazing! of course, like everyone else, i also do a lot of email every day, no matter where i am. i'm the final checkpoint on all of our major creative, so i look at every single newsletter, homepage, etc. before it goes live. what plans do you and modcloth have for the future? we want to fundamentally change the fashion industry! for so long, creating fashion has been this top-down process where the few "insiders" at the top get to say what's cool and what we should wear, and then it trickles down to everyone else 6 months later. we think that since the customers are the ones actually wearing the merchandise, they should have the loudest voice! i am living proof that you don't have to be an insider to be knowledgeable about fashion and have an impact on the industry. i am so fortunate to be able to do what i do for a living, and i want to share that experience with our customers. we've already started to do this through programs like be the buyer, but there's so much further to go... our list of to-dos is a mile long. stay tuned :) to find out where susan's buying trips take her, follow her on twitter! check out susan's photos on flickr, and view her daily outfit photos on chictopia! a puppy tail: winston the pug's story on any given day at the modcloth office, you might find a cute little pug snoring under your desk or looking up at you quizzically as you work. this is winston. he's susan and eric's six-year-old pug, who spends most days in the office making friends with employees and crawling into laps at meetings. he will happily eat whatever employees drop on the floor during lunch, model for the occasional photo shoot, and serve as a handy foot warmer in the cold winter months. he's also been a long-time fixture on the website - today he appears as a cute icon at the bottom of the screen, and pops up to provide notifications on the site. he's been officially dubbed the modcloth mascot, and we all love him. when winston's not hard at work, he likes to play with his other moddog friends: penelope, buckles, rad, keith richards, reese, knoxie, ruby, gabby, missy, rocky, and apollo. winston also stands as our reminder that cuteness exists in the world. modcloth loves cute things, and we think it's important to let employees bring their adorable dogs to work with them! psst...check out the moddogs on facebook! get modmail enter your email to receive special messages! sign up facebook twitter pinterest flicker polyvore youtube rss join modmobile! our story modcloth on facebook new arrivals clothing shoes bags & accessories apartment be the buyer vintage sale blog my account my info my loved items wishlists notifications about us susan's story life at modcloth careers testimonials press help customer care modstylists faq shipping information returns & exchanges size & fit site feedback copyright © 2002-2012 modcloth.com | all rights reserved. | privacy & security | terms of use|site map loading... facebook twitter kaboodle polyvore stumbleupon tell a friend x an unknown error has occurred there was an unknown error that occurred. it seems that something went wrong. we apologize for the inconvenience! an unknown error has occurred x an unknown error has occurred oops! there was an unknown error that occurred. it seems that something went wrong. we apologize for the inconvenience! an unknown error has occurred x an unknown error has occurred there was an unknown error that occurred. it seems that something went wrong. we apologize for the inconvenience! oops! an unknown error has occurred our guarantee at modcloth, we know what it's like to be a customer. we realize that shopping on the internet can be frustrating, so we work hard to provide you the best possible online shopping experience. popular questions my order status says, 'pending'. what does that mean? oh, no! an item i love is out of stock! what can i do? do you ship internationally? how much will it cost? why don't you remove the vintage items once they sell? where's my return? popular links fit and form details shipping information returns and exchanges gift certificate faq notifications faq still have questions? check out the faq live chat online now! got questions? we've got answers! chat now call us available now! want to talk to someone over the phone? (888) 495-9699 write to us we respond within 24 hours! message us need style advice? our modstylists offer style tips and outfit suggestions. make a date got feedback for us? we'll listen