来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231125106/https://modcloth.com/pages/faq
================================================================================

faq | modcloth 30% off full price styles *prices as marked+ extra 50% off sale with code winter50 free u.s. ground shipping on orders $125+ sign in new arrivals categories all new arrivals dresses tops bottoms accessories shoes sweaters & cardigans outerwear home & gifts plus sizes swimwear now trending holiday shop gifts for pet lovers best sellers rainbow shop cottagecore sleepwear loungewear kid's pets shop by decade 1940's 1950's 1960's 1970's decades shop picked for you! back by demand sweater shop dresses categories all dresses fit & flare sweater dresses midi dresses casual dresses maxi dresses special occasion dresses mini dresses party dresses cocktail dresses jumpsuits wrap dresses long sleeve dresses plus size dresses now trending fall dresses vintage inspired floral dresses wedding dresses bridesmaid dresses printed dresses all dresses winter florals party dresses clothing tops all tops blouses cardigans sweaters tunics hoodies & sweatshirts tees graphic tees tank tops knit tops bottoms all bottoms skirts pants jeans leggings rompers jumpsuits midi skirts shorts now trending best sellers sleepwear loungewear outerwear critter shop kids pets top brands collectif dangerfield emily and fin esther williams hell bunny hello kitty hutch princess highway voodoo vixen betsey johnson bright & beautiful all clothing shop now outerwear categories all outerwear jackets coats cardigans raincoats trench coats moto & biker jackets sweatshirts & hoodies plus size outerwear jean jackets blazers & vests now trending statement coats printed coats color of the season: green fit & flare coats all outerwear new outerwear plus size categories all plus size plus size dresses plus size tops plus size bottoms special occasion dresses plus size outerwear plus size graphic tees sweaters & cardigans plus size jumpsuits casual dresses plus size jeans midi dresses plus size swimwear now trending loungewear vintage inspired wedding dresses fall dresses sleepwear bestsellers all plus size party dresses cozy sweaters shoes categories all shoes flats heels boots ankle boots mary janes oxfords & loafers sneakers wedges platforms wide width clogs sandals & slides now trending mid-heels lace up boots t-strap shoes vintage inspired holiday shoes socks all shoes top brands lulu hun x collectif chelsea crew irregular choice keds must-have boots fall shoes accessories categories all accessories bags hats & hair accessories jewelry earrings necklaces tights socks scarves now trending under $25 statement styles scrunchies all accessories bestselling bags shoes & accessories home & gifts gifts all gifts gifts for pets & pet lovers sweater shop under $30 bestsellers cozy shop unique gifts home decor kitchen & dining puzzles & games mugs office supplies & decor books bath decor lighting all home decor all home decor puzzles & games sale categories all sale styles tops dresses bottoms shoes plus sizes home & gifts accessories swim outerwear intimates shop by price under $15 $15 - $25 $25 - $50 under $100 shop by size xxs-s md lg xl 1x-2x 3x-4x all sale shop now outlet categories outlet tops outlet dresses outlet bottoms outlet outerwear outlet swimwear plus size outlet outlet accessories all outlet shop by size xxs-s md lg xl 1x-2x 3x-4x all outlet faq holiday 2021 policies what are your holiday shipping cut offs? contiguous us:need it by 12/24?savvy saver: 12/12ground: 12/16express: 12/20asap: 12/22need it by 12/31?savvy: 12/19ground: 12/23express: 12/27asap: 12/29non-contiguous us:need it by 12/24?savvy saver: 12/1usps: 12/7usps express: 12/14international:need it by 12/24?*standard: 12/5express:12/15*please be aware that while we consider these estimates reasonable, due to the volatility of global logistics, we cannot predict or control delays due to customs. some imports may be delayed. i received something as a gift, can i make a return? we hope you are 100% satisfied with your gift. if you would, however like to make a return, we will need to know the item name and order number to get you all set up.please note that all eligible returns will be refunded to the payment method of the original purchaser. we are unable to offer gift returns for store credit, refund to a different payment method, or as an exchange at this time. we apologize for any inconvenience. returns info domestic returns info how can i initiate a return?please click here to start your return. what is your return policy?we hope you love what you ordered! but in case you don't, we will accept returns of unwashed, unworn, or unused items returned in as-issued condition for a full refund to your original payment method. return items must be received by us within 30 days of the order's original shipment date to be eligible for refund. once an order has been placed it can't be canceled or changed. in the event of a return, any applied discount/coupon is forfeited and may not be re-used. shoes must be returned within their original box, and the shoe box must be packaged in an outer protective shipping container for return transit. swimwear must be returned with the hygienic liner attached and intact. shipping and handling are nonrefundable. customers are responsible for the return shipping label cost or postage to self-mail. for use of modcloth's provided fedex label, a return label cost of $5 usd will be deducted from the refund amount due back to the customer. we reserve the right to verify original purchase for returns requested without an order number or shipping confirmation. final sale items are not returnable. please allow up to 14 business days for your return to be processed upon receipt at our warehouse. return instructions:1. when you enter the return portal, you will see the item(s) you ordered as well as other order details.2. for each item that you are returning, please select the quantity being returned and the return reason.3. click on the “return” button4. after creating your return, you will see the following links next to the item(s) you are returning: * "download shipping label" with a string of numbers under it. click on that string of numbers and your prepaid return label will pop up for you to save and print. * "print return slip" click on this text, print this return slip, and include it inside your package. international returns info what is your return policy?returns must be sent back within 60 days of your order ship date to be eligible for a refund. we do not offer exchanges or store credit for non-u.s. orders at this time. please note: shoes must be returned within their original box, and the shoe box must be packaged in an outer protective shipping container for return transit. swimwear must be returned with the hygienic liner attached and intact.how can i initiate a return?to initiate an international return, enter your order number and email address here. depending on your location, you may have two options for your return label type:standard return: provides a pre-addressed shipping label but can be used with your preferred shipper. we recommend purchasing a shipping method with tracking, as modcloth cannot be held responsible for lost packages that are not able to be tracked. express return: provides a pre-addressed shipping label to be used at dhl only. a flat return shipping fee of $10 usd will be deducted from your refund amount once your return is received and processed. once your return is completed, you will be notified via email with the details. please allow up to 14 business days for your return to be processed upon receipt at our warehouse. do you offer exchanges? we're sorry to hear something didn't work out! sadly, we do not have the ability to process exchange requests at this time. in lieu of an exchange request, we recommend sending back return-eligible items for a refund using our return shipping label. you can then re-purchase that item in the size that you need. to initiate a return and retrieve your return label, please select the appropriate link from our start your return page! customers are responsible for the return shipping label cost or postage to self-mail. the return label cost will be deducted from the refund amount due back to the customer. if your original item received a discount on it, we would be happy to provide you with a new coupon code to snag that item for the same price! please reach out to customer care for further assistance. i would like to return my product but would prefer to not use the shipping return label if you prefer to ship your return back at your own cost, please ship to the following address. final sale items are not returnable even with your own shipping label.attn: modcloth returns2250 roswell drpittsburgh, pa 15205 shipping info domestic shipping info shipping and handling charges are assessed on all orders based on the merchandise total after discounts and before taxes. shipping and handling charges are nonrefundable. processing and transit times:processing for non-expedited shipping methods is typically 1-3 business days prior to shipment. please note this is an estimate and can vary based on order volume, especially around holidays, peak shopping times, and during larger site-wide promotions. processing time for expedited and next-day shipping options is typically 1 business day - the cutoff for expedited methods to ship same-day is 10am est.**please consider public holidays when choosing shipping methods, as these are not part of our estimated time frames. our couriers do not pick up packages from us, nor deliver on major holidays. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.transit times will vary depending on method:domestic - contiguous u.s.:ground shipping -- $11.95 for orders under $125.00. free for orders over $125.00. - transit time - typically 2-5 business days in transit once shipped - this method does not deliver on weekendsexpedited shipping – $24.95 - transit time - typically 3 business days in transit once shipped - this method does not deliver on weekendsnext day shipping – $34.95 - transit time - typically 1 business day in transit once shipped - this method does not deliver on weekends.non-contiguous us: alaska, hawaii, and puerto rico:smartpost standard shipping – $18.99 - transit time - typically 10-12 business days in transitmilitary apo/fpo (armed forces americas, armed forces europe, armed forces pacific):usps - all orders priority and first class usps carrier calculated rates - transit time - typically 10-15 business days in transit.please note: when packages are deemed as "undeliverable" by the shipping courier, the package will be returned back to us. when our team receives "return to sender" packages, we are able to process an automatic refund on your original form of payment. international shipping info how long does it take for my order to ship and arrive?we ship all orders as quickly as possible, but please note that there may be processing delays in shipping during sale events and peak shopping days. if you need to receive your package by a specific date, you can always contact customer care for help in choosing the right shipping method to get it there on time! once your order is shipped, your transit time will vary depending on your shipping option, destination country, and the customs process for your country. please see more details below. **please consider public holidays in the united states when choosing shipping methods, as these are not part of our estimated time frames. our couriers do not pick up packages from us, nor deliver on major holidays. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.what shipping methods are available?standard shipping: delivery typically takes between 7-21 business days once shipped from our fulfillment center. some locations can take longer, up to 60 days. express shipping (not available to all countries at this time): delivery typically takes between 3-10* business days once shipped from our fulfillment center.estimated 3-5 business days to canada estimated 5-7 business days to europe and latin america estimated 7-9 business days to asia and africa*please be aware that these are estimated delivery times. delays in customs can also increase the delivery time.still not sure, or need to know more? reach out to our care team at (888) 495-9699, or write to us at support@modcloth.com! how long does it take for my order to ship? we ship all orders as quickly as possible, but please note that there may be processing delays in shipping during sale events and peak shopping days. if you need to receive your package by a specific date, you can always contact customer care at 888-495-9699 (m-f 9am-8pm est) for help in choosing the right shipping method to get it there on time! for more information, see domestic shipping information. do you ship to apo/fpo’s? yes, we do ship to apo/fpo’s! after your order is processed, transit time is typically 10- 15 business days. for more information see domestic shipping information. do you offer weekend delivery? packages delivered by usps might arrive on a saturday. all other packages are delivered monday through friday only. for more information, see domestic shipping information. payments what payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, american express and discover as well as apple pay, amazon pay and afterpay. please note that we do not accept any other methods or payment apart from those listed above in domestic checkout. other options might be available through our international partner global-e through international checkout. can i split my payment between multiple credit cards? no, only one credit card type per transaction may be entered; however you may enter a combination of modcloth gift cards and a credit card. do you offer gift cards? yes, we do offer egift cards (but not physical gift cards). you can purchase egift cards here. the gift card will be added to your cart and you may checkout with it as part of your order. note: the egift card will be sent to your email address - giving you the option to either forward it to its recipient or print it and deliver in person! how many gift cards can i apply to my order? multiple egift cards can be applied to any order. i thought i had store credit, where is it? it's still here! for your store credit, please reach out to the customer care team to receive a gift card for the amount of your balance. the best way for us to issue this is via email or chat, so you'll have a record of the gift card code. order info how do i know if my order was successfully placed? if you received an order number and/or confirmation email from us, the order was placed successfully! if you placed the order under an existing account (not as a guest at checkout), this information should also be reflected in your modcloth account - once logged in, navigate to your order history and select the most recent order. from there, you will be able to reference the date/time placed, total and order status. can i cancel or change my order after purchasing? unfortunately, we are never able to guarantee any edits to orders post placement. this includes cancellations, address changes, or item/order level adjustments. modcloth is not responsible for lost packages due to incorrectly entered addresses.please be sure that all information is accurate in cart and at checkout - if you need assistance with issues relating to your online cart/checkout, please reach out to us by phone or chat from 9a-8p est for live assistance prior to order placement, or as soon as possible post-placement.phone: 888-495-9699 why were items in my order canceled? oversales can occasionally happen when system inventory counts for an item do not match the inventory on hand, causing a discrepancy. this typically means they were out of stock at the time your order was fulfilled. during peak order periods, there may be delays to the item availability on our site. modcloth policy what is your price adjustment policy? we are happy to price adjust for items that were purchased at full, original price (with no coupons, loyalty points, or discounts), that have dropped to a red-line/markdown price within 7 days of the original purchase. we are unable to price adjust for any items purchased with a discount or points originally. we are also unable to price adjust for sitewide sales, promotions, or coupons and loyalty points that were not applied to the order at the time of purchase. approved price adjustments are issued back to your original payment method and once issued does make the item final sale / non-returnable.please note that gift cards do not qualify for price adjustments. what is your ethical supply chain disclosure statement? modcloth is made up of a compassionate group of people dedicated to having a net-positive effect on the world. with the utmost respect for internationally recognized human rights and environmental standards, it is committed to conducting business in a lawful and an ethical manner. additionally, modcloth expects its manufacturing and market vendors, who are considered business partners, to share this same commitment.in spring of 2013, modcloth adopted ethical supply chain guidelines. these guidelines set forth the requirements with which business partners must comply in order to continue to work with modcloth. pursuant to the california transparency in supply chains act, modcloth discloses as follows.verification modcloth engages a qualified third-party to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery involving business partners which meet certain risk-related criteria.auditsmodcloth also engages the qualified third-party auditing firm to audit business partners on a semi-announced basis to evaluate compliance with modcloth's ethical supply chain guidelines.certificationin order to do business with modcloth, potential business partners must consent to follow our ethical supply chain guidelines and conduct business in compliance with applicable laws, including, among other things, without child labor, without forced or compulsory labor, without corporal punishment, without discrimination, and in compliance with wage and hour requirements, health and safety, and environmental laws.internal accountability standardsmodcloth maintains internal accountability standards. should modcloth find that a business partner is out of compliance with the guidelines, modcloth would assess the cause of the non-compliance and develop an action plan to assure future compliance. modcloth will help business partners correct problems when they are found and build management systems that prevent problems from reoccurring. by working with business partners in this way, modcloth can improve the lives of people who work for these partners. however, should a business partner fail to comply with a remediation plan, or should a business partner commit a significant breach of the guidelines, modcloth may terminate its business relationship with the partner.trainingmodcloth employees who are responsible for supply chain management receive training to further develop their ability to identify and evaluate risks in the supply chain. this internal education of key staff sets modcloth's foundation for fulfilling its commitment to having a net-positive effect on the world, starting from the inside out.thank you for supporting modcloth's efforts on this important issue, and please stay tuned for ongoingupdates. what are your community guidelines? at modcloth, we're always here to lend an ear to all your concerns and feedback! whether it's a blog comment, a product review, or on one of our social networking pages, we value your viewpoint.our diverse, worldwide community deserves a safe, welcoming environment for expression. when engaging with them and with us:- please use respectful language.- please only share truthful information.- please refrain from using profanity.- in other words, be nice!we're dedicated to keeping modcloth and our social pages positive places to spend time. we reserve the right to remove any posted content we feel may foil your fun. we'll diligently do away with:- inappropriate links (including ones to our competitors' sites)- negative comments about people's bodies and appearances- pushy proselytizing- any degrading, derogatory, or downright threatening languageif you're curious about how these guidelines apply to specific sections of our community, click the links above to continue reading!product reviewsif you have feedback about a problem with an item, if an item arrived in less than satisfactory condition, or you have any other customer service issues, please contact us. we reserve the right to disapprove any review regarding an issue that they can help you with!this is a forum for you to show and share how you wear modcloth and get styling ideas and inspiration. we want our community to be able to see and read about how each item looks, feels, and fits on different sizes and body types. we also want to know how well it works with unique outfit pairings and styling choices, so we encourage your first-hand feedback! we want to hear what you have to say about your modcloth purchases!some helpful tips to guide you along:- please only review items that you own and have purchased from modcloth.- consider what you would like to know before purchasing an item.- be as specific and descriptive as possible about the fit, quality, and material.- if an item suited you beautifully, tell us why. but if it wasn't quite what you expected, tell us what didn't work. do you think it might fit better or look different on another body type?- where did you wear it and with what? how many compliments did you get? tell us your story!whatever you write, please be polite!any reviews or comments containing inappropriate material will not be approved. this may consist of, but is not limited to:- urls or links of any kind- derogatory or discriminatory language, profanity, and/or sexually explicit, abusive, or offensive material- infringement upon copyrights or trademarks- negative or disparaging comments about other customers or modcloth that are not constructive- reviews mentioning price (whether comparison or price paid) will not be approved.- please do not mention retailers other than modcloth in your review. we want to hear feedback (as does the community) solely regarding the item purchased from modcloth. though all feedback is taken into account, we do reserve the right to disapprove reviews with these references, as it violates our site-wide policy.enjoy writing your review— we can’t wait to see what you have to say!social media comments & messagescomments may be removed if they:- contain offensive material, such as discriminatory or sexist language, profanity, or controversial and/or sexually explicit material- contain spam, promote an agenda, or reference a competitors site. please keep it on-topic and relevant to modcloth.- contain sensitive account information (e.g. email addresses, order numbers). customer security is a top priority for us!- are negative, disparaging, or nonconstructive comments addressed to individuals. we promote respect and acceptance. conversely, positive comments addressed to individuals will not be deleted, as long as they do not contain inappropriate material. if you ever see content that you feel is inappropriate, please contact us.so, please keep those conversations creative and constructive! we welcome and encourage your practical feedback, questions, and suggestions for us, too, and we try to address and respond as often as feasible! please keep in mind the following info:comments will be addressed as quickly as possible, but please note, our social media team operates on eastern standard time (est) and is not available on weekends or evenings. for urgent matters, please contact our customer care team. this policy will be subject to change as modcloth's presence on social networks continues to grow. we retain the right to make final decisions regarding comments, messages, media, and/or other content posted, sent, or received through modcloth accounts and profiles. we also retain the right to remove any content for any reason at the discretion of our team members.customer care rules of engagementour care advocates are available to help you! we want to be able to swiftly and accurately assess situations and offer solutions, so here are some tips and reminders when speaking to, chatting with, or writing to our customer care team.- be prepared! the more info you can provide, the faster we can assist you!- be patient! sometimes, we need to do a little research related to your inquiry. rest assured, well make it our first priority to investigate as quickly as possible and keep you in the loop every step of the way.- be polite! we will always treat you with respect, so please give us the same courtesy. name-calling, racial slurs, and personal attacks are grounds for disengagement. repeated use of abusive language and behavior may result in severing ties completely.please review our terms of use for more information. other sign up for our emails to score 15% off your first order, early access to special sale events, and exclusive first looks at our newest arrivals. enter your email address *by entering your email address, you agree to receive modcloth offers, promotions, and other commercial messages. you can view our privacy policy here and unsubscribe at any time. account my info picked for you! new arrivals best sellers holiday shop dresses outerwear plus size sale help size charts modstylists® customer care faqs return policy start your return order status your california privacy rights company about us blog mobile apps join our affiliate program student beans 10% off gift cards follow pinterest footer twitter footer instagram footer youtube footer privacy policy terms of use accessibility view copyright © 2002-2021 modcloth.com. all rights reserved.