来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241229171331/https://modcloth.com/pages/faq
================================================================================

faq | modcloth 30% off everything | code: jingle30 look for the 🎁 icon to see what items are eligible for holiday guaranteed delivery free u.s. ground economy shipping on orders $150+ new shop by category shop all new arrivals new dresses new skirts new pants new tops new plus sizes exclusive deals gift cards now trending winter lookbook critters academia holiday princess highway black friday dangerfield shop new shop now best sellers shop by category view all best sellers top-rated best selling dresses best selling tops best selling skirts best selling pants best selling plus size shop best sellers dresses shop by category shop all dresses shop new dresses best selling dresses mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses fit & flare dresses plus size dresses jumpsuits & rompers shop by occasion casual & everyday cocktail & party wedding dresses holiday dresses night out now trending plaid dresses critter dresses little black dresses dresses with pockets academia dresses dangerfield dresses black friday dresses princess highway dresses shop dresses clothing shop by category shop all clothing new best sellers dresses skirts pants shorts tops sweaters plus size jumpsuits & rompers denim jackets & coats loungewear swim now trending fair isle sweaters cozy shop velvet shop red & green styles work wear critter shop academia rainbow all year princess highway black friday dangerfield shop clothing shop now plus shop by category shop all plus new plus best selling plus plus dresses plus skirts plus pants plus shorts plus tops plus sweaters plus jumpsuits & rompers plus denim & jeans plus jackets & coats plus loungewear shop plus holiday holiday shop all holiday holiday dresses holiday tops holiday bottoms holiday plus size holiday shoes & accessories new years eve today's exclusive deal 2024 winter lookbook gift guide all gift guide festive retreats home for the holidays dazzling nights cat lovers girly girl color lover print lover stocking stuffers gifts under $20 gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gift cards shop holiday shoes & accessories shoes shop all shoes shop best selling shoes flats & loafers heels & clogs boots & booties accessories shop all accessories bags & scarfs jewelry hair accessories home & gifts shop shoes shop accessories sale shop by category shop all sale new to sale final few today's exclusive deal dresses tops bottoms plus size sale swimwear shoes accessories home & gifts shop by price under $10 under $25 under $50 under $75 under $100 shop sale styles shop now modcloset wish list us united states usd $ ad andorra eur € ae united arab emirates aed د.إ af afghanistan afn ؋ ag antigua & barbuda xcd $ ai anguilla xcd $ al albania all l am armenia amd դր. ao angola aoa kz ar argentina ars $ at austria eur € au australia aud $ aw aruba awg ƒ az azerbaijan azn ₼ ba bosnia & herzegovina bam км bb barbados bbd $ bd bangladesh bdt ৳ be belgium eur € bf burkina faso xof fr bg bulgaria bgn лв. bh bahrain usd $ bi burundi bif fr bj benin xof fr bl st. barthélemy eur € bm bermuda usd $ bn brunei bnd $ bo bolivia bob bs. br brazil brl r$ bs bahamas bsd $ bt bhutan usd $ bw botswana bwp p bz belize bzd $ ca canada cad $ cd congo - kinshasa cdf fr cg congo - brazzaville xaf fr ch switzerland chf chf ci côte d’ivoire xof fr ck cook islands nzd $ cl chile clp $ cm cameroon xaf fr cn china cny ¥ co colombia cop $ cr costa rica crc ₡ cv cape verde cve $ cw curaçao ang ƒ cy cyprus eur € cz czechia czk kč de germany eur € dj djibouti djf fdj dk denmark dkk kr. dm dominica xcd $ do dominican republic dop $ dz algeria dzd د.ج ec ecuador usd $ ee estonia eur € eg egypt egp ج.م es spain eur € et ethiopia etb br fi finland eur € fj fiji fjd $ fk falkland islands fkp £ fo faroe islands dkk kr. fr france eur € ga gabon usd $ gb united kingdom gbp £ gd grenada xcd $ ge georgia gel ლ gf french guiana eur € gg guernsey gbp £ gh ghana usd $ gi gibraltar gbp £ gl greenland dkk kr. gm gambia gmd d gn guinea gnf fr gp guadeloupe eur € gq equatorial guinea xaf fr gr greece eur € gt guatemala gtq q gw guinea-bissau xof fr gy guyana gyd $ hk hong kong sar hkd $ hn honduras hnl l hr croatia eur € ht haiti htg g hu hungary huf ft id indonesia idr rp ie ireland eur € il israel ils ₪ in india inr ₹ is iceland isk kr it italy eur € je jersey gbp £ jm jamaica jmd $ jo jordan usd $ jp japan jpy ¥ ke kenya kes ksh kg kyrgyzstan kgs som kh cambodia khr ៛ ki kiribati usd $ km comoros kmf fr kn st. kitts & nevis xcd $ kr south korea krw ₩ kw kuwait usd $ ky cayman islands kyd $ kz kazakhstan kzt 〒 la laos lak ₭ lb lebanon lbp ل.ل lc st. lucia xcd $ li liechtenstein chf chf lk sri lanka lkr ₨ lr liberia lrd $ ls lesotho lsl l lt lithuania eur € lu luxembourg eur € lv latvia eur € ma morocco mad د.م. mc monaco eur € md moldova mdl l me montenegro eur € mg madagascar usd $ mk north macedonia mkd ден ml mali xof fr mm myanmar (burma) mmk k mn mongolia mnt ₮ mo macao sar mop p mq martinique eur € mr mauritania usd $ ms montserrat xcd $ mt malta eur € mu mauritius mur ₨ mv maldives mvr mvr mw malawi mwk mk mx mexico mxn $ my malaysia myr rm mz mozambique mzn mtn na namibia nad $ nc new caledonia xpf fr ne niger xof fr ng nigeria ngn ₦ ni nicaragua nio c$ nl netherlands eur € no norway nok kr np nepal npr ₨ nr nauru aud $ nu niue nzd $ nz new zealand nzd $ om oman usd $ pa panama usd $ pe peru pen s/. pf french polynesia xpf fr pg papua new guinea pgk k ph philippines php ₱ pk pakistan pkr ₨ pl poland pln zł pt portugal eur € py paraguay pyg ₲ qa qatar qar ر.ق re réunion eur € ro romania ron lei rs serbia rsd рсд sa saudi arabia sar ر.س sb solomon islands sbd $ sc seychelles scr ₨ se sweden sek kr sg singapore sgd $ sh st. helena shp £ si slovenia eur € sk slovakia eur € sm san marino eur € so somalia usd $ sr suriname srd $ st são tomé & príncipe std db sv el salvador usd $ sx sint maarten ang ƒ sz eswatini szl e tc turks & caicos islands usd $ td chad xaf fr th thailand thb ฿ tl timor-leste usd $ tn tunisia usd $ to tonga top t$ tt trinidad & tobago ttd $ tv tuvalu aud $ tw taiwan twd $ tz tanzania tzs sh us united states usd $ uy uruguay uyu $ uz uzbekistan uzs va vatican city eur € ve venezuela usd $ vg british virgin islands usd $ vn vietnam vnd ₫ vu vanuatu vuv vt wf wallis & futuna xpf fr ws samoa wst t yt mayotte eur € za south africa zar r zm zambia zmw zk zw zimbabwe usd $ new shop by category shop all new arrivals new dresses new skirts new pants new tops new plus sizes exclusive deals gift cards now trending winter lookbook critters academia holiday princess highway black friday dangerfield shop new shop now best sellers shop by category view all best sellers top-rated best selling dresses best selling tops best selling skirts best selling pants best selling plus size shop best sellers dresses shop by category shop all dresses shop new dresses best selling dresses mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses fit & flare dresses plus size dresses jumpsuits & rompers shop by occasion casual & everyday cocktail & party wedding dresses holiday dresses night out now trending plaid dresses critter dresses little black dresses dresses with pockets academia dresses dangerfield dresses black friday dresses princess highway dresses shop dresses clothing shop by category shop all clothing new best sellers dresses skirts pants shorts tops sweaters plus size jumpsuits & rompers denim jackets & coats loungewear swim now trending fair isle sweaters cozy shop velvet shop red & green styles work wear critter shop academia rainbow all year princess highway black friday dangerfield shop clothing shop now plus shop by category shop all plus new plus best selling plus plus dresses plus skirts plus pants plus shorts plus tops plus sweaters plus jumpsuits & rompers plus denim & jeans plus jackets & coats plus loungewear shop plus holiday holiday shop all holiday holiday dresses holiday tops holiday bottoms holiday plus size holiday shoes & accessories new years eve today's exclusive deal 2024 winter lookbook gift guide all gift guide festive retreats home for the holidays dazzling nights cat lovers girly girl color lover print lover stocking stuffers gifts under $20 gifts under $50 gifts under $100 gift cards shop holiday shop now shoes & accessories shoes shop all shoes shop best selling shoes flats & loafers heels & clogs boots & booties accessories shop all accessories bags & scarfs jewelry hair accessories home & gifts shop shoes shop accessories sale shop by category shop all sale new to sale final few today's exclusive deal dresses tops bottoms plus size sale swimwear shoes accessories home & gifts shop by price under $10 under $25 under $50 under $75 under $100 shop sale styles shop now modcloset customer care faq return policy start your return final sale store credit review guidelines order status size guide / size charts bra size chart your california privacy rights community guidelines faq returns info domestic returns info how can i initiate a return?please click here to start your return. what is your return policy?we hope you love what you ordered! but in case you don't, we will accept returns of unwashed, unworn, or unused items returned in as-issued condition for a full refund to your original payment method. return items must be received by us within 28 days of the order's original shipment date to be eligible for refund. once an order has been placed it can't be canceled or changed. in the event of a return, any applied discount/coupon is forfeited and may not be re-used. shoes must be returned within their original box, and the shoe box must be packaged in an outer protective shipping container for return transit. swimwear must be returned with the hygienic liner attached and intact. shipping costs are nonrefundable. please note we are happy to offer an extended holiday return period for orders placed between november 15, 2024 and december 31st, 2024. during this period, return items must be received within 60 days of the shipped date to be eligible for a refund. once an order has been placed it can't be canceled or changed. in the event of a return, any applied discount/coupon is forfeited and may not be re-used. final sale items are not returnable. shipping and handling are nonrefundable.for in-person returns, there’s no need to print or package anything. just bring your item(s) and your qr code into your nearest return bar location and we’ll take care of the rest. there is a $4.50/unit processing fee. for mail-in returns, please enclose the packing slip inside the package, attach the pre-paid, pre- addressed return label to the outside of the box, and drop it off at your closest carrier location. all contiguous u.s. orders will have the option of a $6.95/unit processing fee which will be deducted from the total refund or credit if the provided label is used. you may also send the merchandise back using any other traceable method at your expense. modcloth is not responsible for lost or damaged packages. please make careful note of your tracking information if using your own label, as modcloth is not responsible for lost or undelivered returns that were sent using your own shipping method. we strongly recommend against using a dropbox that does not have a daily pick up. modcloth is not responsible for return transit delays due to the use of a dropbox that does not have daily pick up.we reserve the right to verify original purchase for returns requested without an order number or shipping confirmation. final sale items are not eligible for refund, store credit, or exchange. please note that all final sale items sent back without prior authorization will be considered forfeited, and will be handled at modcloth's sole discretion.please allow up to 14 business days for your return to be processed upon receipt at our warehouse. international returns info what is your return policy?returns must be sent back within 60 days of your order ship date to be eligible for a refund. we do not offer exchanges or store credit for non-u.s. orders at this time. please note: shoes must be returned within their original box, and the shoe box must be packaged in an outer protective shipping container for return transit. swimwear must be returned with the hygienic liner attached and intact.how can i initiate a return?to initiate an international return, enter your order number and email address here. depending on your location, you may have two options for your return label type:standard return: provides a pre-addressed shipping label but can be used with your preferred shipper. we recommend purchasing a shipping method with tracking, as modcloth cannot be held responsible for lost packages that are not able to be tracked. express return: provides a pre-addressed shipping label to be used at dhl only. a flat return shipping fee of $10 usd will be deducted from your refund amount once your return is received and processed. you are always welcome to use your own return shipping method, however, we encourage you to make careful note of your tracking information, as modcloth is not responsible for lost returns that were sent without using our label.once your return is completed, you will be notified via email with the details. final sale items are not eligible for refund, store credit, or exchange. please note that all final sale items sent back without prior authorization will be considered forfeited, and will be handled at modcloth's sole discretion.please allow up to 14 business days for your return to be processed upon receipt at our warehouse. i am having trouble creating a return label. help! we are sorry to hear you are having some problems creating a return label. there are generally a couple things that might be causing an issue.is your item final sale? if every item in your order is final sale, the system is unable to create a label. if you are having an issue with a final sale item, such as a defect, please reach out to care for assistance right away!is your order still within the return window? orders must be received back at our new jersey warehouse within 28 days of that order shipping. if you have missed this window you will be unable to create a return label.is your address a p.o. box, apo/fpo/dpo, or in a non-contiguous state like alaska, hawaii, or puerto rico? unfortunately at this time, we are unable to provide labels for these addresses. any return would have to be made with your own shipping. are you using the correct portal for your return? the portal for domestic, contiguous us returns can be found here. the portal for global-e international returns here.if none of these things seems to be the issue, please reach out to customer care, so we can help you right away! i received something as a gift, can i make a return? we hope you are 100% satisfied with your gift. if you would, however like to make a return, we will need to know the item name and order number to get you all set up.please note that all eligible returns will be refunded to the payment method of the original purchaser. we are unable to offer gift returns for store credit, refund to a different payment method, or as an exchange at this time. we apologize for any inconvenience. do you offer exchanges? we're sorry to hear something didn't work out! sadly, we do not have the ability to process exchange requests at this time. in lieu of an exchange request, we recommend sending back return-eligible items for a refund using our return shipping label. you can then re-purchase that item in the size that you need. to initiate a return and retrieve your return label, please select the appropriate link from our start your return page! customers are responsible for the return shipping label cost or postage to self-mail. the return label cost will be deducted from the refund amount due back to the customer. if your original item received a discount on it, we would be happy to provide you with a new coupon code to snag that item for the same price! please reach out to customer care for further assistance. i would like to return my product but would prefer to not use modcloth's return shipping label if you prefer to ship your return back at your own cost, please ship to the following address. final sale items are not returnable even with your own shipping label. please make careful note of your tracking information, as modcloth is not responsible for lost returns that were sent without using our label. i accidentally sent an item i didn't intend to with my return please contact our customer care team as soon as possible and remember that phone and chat are more direct than email!modcloth does not store items sent to us accidentally, and will donate or recycle these items as possible. we cannot guarantee an item sent to us by mistake will be found and returned, and cannot provide compensation for items outside your order sent to us. please double check all return packages before sending them out! shipping info domestic shipping info shipping charges are assessed on all orders based on the merchandise total after discounts and before taxes. shipping charges are nonrefundable. processing and transit times:at modcloth, we take pride in being a global platform that bridges the gap between customers and a worldwide network of manufacturers. while our main warehouse is situated in new jersey it's important to note that your order might be dispatched from a variety of locations, each dependent on the respective manufacturer's premises.main warehouse location: new jersey is home to our primary distribution center. we diligently process orders on business days, monday through friday, sparing exceptions for severe weather conditions or national holidays. in cases where your order is placed during the weekend, rest assured we'll strive to have it processed and en route within the following work week. if placing an expedited or next day order over the weekend, your package will be shipped on the next business day.global fulfillment: partnering with an extensive array of manufacturers means your orders could be shipped from different locales globally, offering you a vast selection of products.processing timeline: generally, expect a processing window of 1 to 3 business days before your order is shipped. this is an average estimate; actual processing times may vary, particularly in response to heavy order volumes during major holidays, peak shopping seasons, or substantial site-wide promotionsprocessing time for the expedited and next day shipping options is typically 1 business day - the cutoff for expedited methods to ship same-day is 10am et.**please consider public holidays when choosing shipping methods, as these are not part of our estimated time frames. our couriers do not pick up packages from us, nor deliver on major holidays. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.for colorado residents: starting july 1, 2022 there will be a delivery fee of $0.27 automatically added to purchases. colorado requires retailers to collect the $0.27 fee every time they deliver taxable tangible goods by motor vehicle to a colorado address. click here to learn more.transit times will vary depending on method:domestic - contiguous u.s.:ground economy shipping -- $12.95 for orders under $150.00. free for orders over $150.00. - transit time - typically 8-14 business days in transit once shipped - this method does not deliver on weekendsground shipping -- $15.45 for orders under $150.00. upgrade to ground at $2.49 for orders over $150.00. - transit time - typically 2-5 business days in transit once shipped - this method does not deliver on weekendsexpedited shipping -- $34.99- transit time - typically 2- 3 business days in transit once shipped- this method does not deliver on weekendsnext day shipping– $49.99- transit time - typically 1 business day in transit once shipped- this method does not deliver on weekends.non-contiguous us: alaska, hawaii, and puerto rico:standard shipping – $34.99 - transit time - typically 5- 7 business days in transitmilitary apo/fpo (armed forces americas, armed forces europe, armed forces pacific):- transit time - typically 10-15 business days in transit, but could take up to 6-8 weeks.please note: when packages are deemed as "undeliverable" by the shipping courier, the package will be returned back to us. when our team receives "return to sender" packages, we are able to process an automatic refund on your original form of payment. international shipping info **attn singapore -- starting january 1st all customs, duties, and taxes will be rolled into the price of the item. the prices of items will look higher, but no additional tax or duty will be charged in checkout or upon receiving your orderhow long does it take for my order to ship and arrive?international orders can take up to 10-14 business days to process prior to shipping. it's important to note that the order processing estimate does not account for the estimated delivery time once an order has shipped, both estimates are seperate. make sure to select your desired shipping method with the order processing time in mind. you will only receive a shipment notification containing your tracking information once your order has shipped from our international hub. once your order has shipped, your transit time will vary depending on your shipping option, destination, and the customs process for your country. please see more details below.**please consider public holidays in the united states when choosing shipping methods, as these are not part of our estimated time frames. our couriers do not pick up packages from us, nor deliver on major holidays. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.what shipping methods are available?standard shipping: delivery typically takes between 7-21 business days once shipped from our international shipping partner, global-e's hub. some locations can take longer, up to 60 days. express shipping (not available to all countries at this time): delivery typically takes between 3-10* business days once shipped from our international shipping partner, global-e's hub.estimated 3-5 business days to canada estimated 5-7 business days to europe and latin america estimated 7-9 business days to asia and africa*please be aware that these are estimated delivery times. delays in customs can also increase the delivery time.still not sure, or need to know more? reach out to our care team at (888) 495-9699, or write to us at support@modcloth.com! how long does it take for my order to ship? we ship all orders as quickly as possible, but please note that there may be processing delays in shipping during sale events and peak shopping days. if you need to receive your package by a specific date, you can always contact customer care at 888-495-9699 (m-f 9am-5pm et) for help in choosing the right shipping method to get it there on time! for more information, see domestic shipping information. do you ship to apo/fpo’s? yes, we do ship to apo/fpo’s! after your order is processed, transit time is typically 10- 15 business days. for more information see domestic shipping information. do you offer weekend delivery? packages delivered by usps might arrive on a saturday. all other packages are delivered monday through friday only. for more information, see domestic shipping information. payments what payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, american express and discover as well as apple pay, amazon pay and afterpay. as our latest offering, we have partnered with klarna. please note that we do not accept any other methods or payment apart from those listed above in domestic checkout. other options might be available through our international partner global-e through international checkout. can i split my payment between multiple credit cards? no, only one credit card type per transaction may be entered; however you may enter a combination of modcloth gift cards and a credit card. do you offer gift cards? yes, we do offer egift cards (but not physical gift cards). you can purchase egift cards here. the gift card will be added to your cart and you may checkout with it as part of your order. note: the egift card will be sent to your email address - giving you the option to either forward it to its recipient or print it and deliver in person!all gift cards are final sale and not eligible to be returned or transfered into another customer's gift card balance. how many gift cards can i apply to my order? multiple egift cards can be applied to any order. i thought i had store credit, where is it? it's still here! for your store credit, please reach out to the customer care team to receive a gift card for the amount of your balance. the best way for us to issue this is via email or chat, so you'll have a record of the gift card code. klarna how does klarna work? klarna helps you elevate your shopping game. when you choose klarna at checkout, you’ll get the option to shop now and pay later for your purchase. it's shopping the way it should be. effortless, safe and fun.*monthly financing through klarna issued by webbank, member fdic. 4 payments split your purchase into 4 payments so you can spread the cost of your purchase over time. enter the credit or debit card of your choice for automatic payments every two weeks. ca resident loans made or arranged pursuant to a california financing law license.please note, as of 9/15/2023 the minimum apr will be 7.99%. how to shop with klarna - add item(s) to your cart and head to the checkout.- select klarna at the checkout to pay as you like for your purchase.- manage your orders and payments in the klarna app. the best way to shop: safe & secure see all of your purchases in one place, pay any open balances and much more in the klarna app. you can also log into your klarna account at https://app.klarna.com/login. if you need any help, our customer service is there for you.klarna uses the latest safeguards and security to protect your information and prevent unauthorized purchases. we're here to help! don’t see your question here? check out klarna’s full faq page. you can reach klarna anytime at https://www.klarna.com/us/customer-service/ or by downloading the klarna app. what if i make a return? if you need to return part or all of your order, klarna will issue you with a new statement. simply follow the retailer's return instructions and make sure to take note of the tracking number. log into your klarna account, select “report a return”, and we’ll pause your statement. as soon as the retailer has processed your return, we will send an adjusted invoice. order info how do i know if my order was successfully placed? if you received an order number and/or confirmation email from us, the order was placed successfully! if you placed the order under an existing account (not as a guest at checkout), this information should also be reflected in your modcloth account - once logged in, navigate to your order history and select the most recent order. from there, you will be able to reference the date/time placed, total and order status. can i cancel or change my order after purchasing? unfortunately, we are never able to guarantee any edits to orders post placement. this includes cancellations, address changes, or item/order level adjustments. modcloth is not responsible for lost packages due to incorrectly entered addresses.please be sure that all information is accurate in cart and at checkout - if you need assistance with issues relating to your online cart/checkout, please reach out to us by phone or chat from m-f 9am- 5pm et for live assistance prior to order placement, or as soon as possible post-placement.phone: 888-495-9699 why were items in my order canceled? oversales can occasionally happen when system inventory counts for an item do not match the inventory on hand, causing a discrepancy. this typically means they were out of stock at the time your order was fulfilled. during peak order periods, there may be delays to the item availability on our site. modcloth policy what is your price adjustment policy? we are happy to price adjust for items that were purchased at full, original price (with no coupons, loyalty points, or discounts), that have dropped to a red-line/markdown price within 7 days of the original purchase. we are unable to price adjust for any items purchased with a discount or points originally. we are also unable to price adjust for sitewide sales, promotions, or coupons and loyalty points that were not applied to the order at the time of purchase. approved price adjustments are issued back to your original payment method and once issued does make the item final sale / non-returnable.please note that gift cards do not qualify for price adjustments. what is your ethical supply chain disclosure statement? modcloth is made up of a compassionate group of people dedicated to having a net-positive effect on the world. with the utmost respect for internationally recognized human rights and environmental standards, it is committed to conducting business in a lawful and an ethical manner. additionally, modcloth expects its manufacturing and market vendors, who are considered business partners, to share this same commitment.in spring of 2013, modcloth adopted ethical supply chain guidelines. these guidelines set forth the requirements with which business partners must comply in order to continue to work with modcloth. pursuant to the california transparency in supply chains act, modcloth discloses as follows.verification modcloth engages a qualified third-party to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery involving business partners which meet certain risk-related criteria.auditsmodcloth also engages the qualified third-party auditing firm to audit business partners on a semi-announced basis to evaluate compliance with modcloth's ethical supply chain guidelines.certificationin order to do business with modcloth, potential business partners must consent to follow our ethical supply chain guidelines and conduct business in compliance with applicable laws, including, among other things, without child labor, without forced or compulsory labor, without corporal punishment, without discrimination, and in compliance with wage and hour requirements, health and safety, and environmental laws.internal accountability standardsmodcloth maintains internal accountability standards. should modcloth find that a business partner is out of compliance with the guidelines, modcloth would assess the cause of the non-compliance and develop an action plan to assure future compliance. modcloth will help business partners correct problems when they are found and build management systems that prevent problems from reoccurring. by working with business partners in this way, modcloth can improve the lives of people who work for these partners. however, should a business partner fail to comply with a remediation plan, or should a business partner commit a significant breach of the guidelines, modcloth may terminate its business relationship with the partner.trainingmodcloth employees who are responsible for supply chain management receive training to further develop their ability to identify and evaluate risks in the supply chain. this internal education of key staff sets modcloth's foundation for fulfilling its commitment to having a net-positive effect on the world, starting from the inside out.thank you for supporting modcloth's efforts on this important issue, and please stay tuned for ongoingupdates. what are your community guidelines? at modcloth, we're always here to lend an ear to all your concerns and feedback! whether it's a blog comment, a product review, or on one of our social networking pages, we value your viewpoint.our diverse, worldwide community deserves a safe, welcoming environment for expression. when engaging with them and with us:-- please use respecful language-- please only share truthful information-- please refrain from using profanity-- in other words, be nice!we're dedicated to keeping modcloth and our social pages positive places to spend time. we reserve the right to remove any posted content we feel may foil your fun. we'll diligently do away with:-- inappropriate links (including ones to our competitors' sites)-- negative comments about people's bodies and appearances-- pushy proselytizing-- any degrading, derogatory, or downright threatening languageif you're curious about how these guidelines apply to specific sections of our community, continue reading below! product reviewsif you have feedback about a problem with an item, if an item arrived in less than satisfactory condition, or you have any other customer service issues, such as shipping, returns, or the site related issues, please contact customer care directly. we reserve the right to disapprove any review regarding an issue that they can help you with!this is a forum for you to show and share how you wear modcloth and get styling ideas and inspiration. we want our community to be able to see and read about how each item looks and feels, and fits on different sizes and body types. we also want to know how well it works with unique outfit pairings and styling choices, so we encourage your first-hand feedback! we want to hear what you have to say about your modcloth purchases!some helpful tips to guide you along:-- please only review items that you own and have purchased from modcloth.-- consider what you would like to know before you purchasing an item.-- be as specific and descriptive as possible about the fit, quality, and material.-- if an item suited you beautifully, tell us why. but if it wasn't quite what you expected, tell us what didn't work. do you think it might fit better or look different on another body type?-- where did you wear it and with what? how many compliments did you get? tell us your story!-- all reviews are subject to our community guidelines and our terms of usewhatever you write, please be polite!modcloth reserves the right to not post a review or remove a posted review for any reason. this may consist of, but is not limited to the following:-- urls or links of any kind, phone numbers, email addresses, physical addresses, other types of contact information-- derogatory or discriminatory language, profanity, and/or sexually explicit, abusive, or offensive material-- infringement on copyrights or trademarks-- negative or disparaging comments about other customers, their reviews, or modcloth that are not constructive-- customer service issues such as final sale status, returns, shipping times and cost, out of stock status, or products that arrive damaged. we do still want to hear all this feedback, good or bad, but please stick to the product in reviews and contact our care team about the rest-- as prices are volatile, reviews mentioning price (whether comparison or price paid) will not be approved-- please do not mention retailers other than modcloth in your review. we want to hear feedback (as does the community) solely regarding the item purchased from modcloth. though all feedback is taken into account, we do reserve the right to disapprove reviews with these references, as it violates our site-wide policy.enjoy writing your review -- we can't wait to see what you have to say! social media comments & messagescomments may be removed if they:-- contain offensive material, such as discriminatory or sexist language, profanity, or controversial and/ or sexually explicit material-- contain spam, promote an agenda, or reference a competitors site. please keep it on-topic and relevant to modcloth-- contain sensitive account information (e.g. email addresses, order numbers, etc.). customer security is a top priority for us!-- are negative, disparaging, or nonconstructive comments addressed to individuals or modcloth. we promote respect and acceptanceconversely, positive comments addressed to individuals will not be deleted, as long as they do not contain inappropriate material. if you ever see content that you feel is inappropriate, please contact us.please keep conversations creative and constructive! we welcome and encourage your practical feedback, questions, and suggestions for us, and we try to address and respond as often as feasible! please keep in mind that comments will be addressed as quickly as possible, but our social media team operates on eastern time (et) and is not available on weekends or evenings. for any urgent matter, please contact our customer care team!this policy will be subject to change as modcloth's presence on social networks continues to grow. we retain the right to make final decisions regarding comments, messages, media, and/ or content posted, sent, or received through modcloth accounts and profiles. we also retain the right to remove any content for any reason at the discretion of our team members. customer care rules of engagementour care advocates are available to help you! we want to be able to swiftly and accurately assess situations and offer solutions, so here are some tips and reminders when speaking to, chatting with, or writing to our customer care team:-- be prepared! the more info you can provide, the faster we can assist you-- be patient! sometimes, we need to do a little research related to your inquiry. rest assured, we will make it our first priority to investigate as quickly as possible and keep you in the loop every step of the way-- be polite! we will always treat you with respect, so please give us the same courtesy. name-calling, racial slurs, and personal attacks are grounds for disengagement. repeated use of abusive language and behavior may result in severing ties completely-- mostly just keep in mind you are speaking to a fellow human and follow the golden rule!for more info, please review our terms of use. other account my info customer testimonials modsquad rewards give 20%, get 20% picked for you! new arrivals best sellers gift guide sale help shipping & returns sizing guide / size charts customer care faqs international faq product reviews return policy start your return order status your california privacy rights company about us shop and trade on modcloset modcloth gift cards join our affiliate program sign up for texts discount codes blog follow facebook pinterest twitter instagram youtube footer tiktok footer privacy policy terms of use community guidelines accessibility statement accessibility copyright © 2002-2024 modcloth.com. all rights reserved.