来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171229154626/http://www.avenue.com/en_US/customer-service/privacy-security/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy skip to main content avenue loralette sign in 0 free standard shipping on any us order over $75 toggle search sign in text sign up 0 search promobar expand and collapse button+ 30% off new arrivals 30% off +$25 off $125 new arrivals purchase use code newnow exclusions apply. see checkout for details. prices marked in usd. semi-annual sale semi-annual sale up to 50% off select styles. applied automatically. up to 70% off clearance clearance up to 70% off original price select styles. prices marked in usd. no returns on items usd$16.96 or less. email sign up store locator store coupons + what's new expand what's new new arrivals expand new arrivals cardis & sweaters knit tops shirts & blouses vip collection active wear coats & jackets pants jeans dresses & skirts shoes accessories swim intimates trends expand trends metal accents celebrate shop collections expand collections ponte knit shop vip collection active wear work outfits get social expand get social as seen in nanthale’s closet social buzz the blog share the love tops expand tops tops & tees expand tops & tees cold shoulder knit tops shirts & blouses graphic tees tunics camis & tanks sweaters expand sweaters pullovers cardigans ponchos ruanas jackets & vests expand jackets & vests jackets blazers vests active collections expand collections celebrate tops neck interest statement sleeves peasants basics active features expand features exclusives sizes 30/32 bottoms expand bottoms bottoms expand bottoms pants knits leggings active skirts jeans expand jeans skinny jegging straight bootcut crop collections expand collections ponte knit super stretch butter denim virtual stretch 1432 denim trending fit solutions expand fit solutions tummy control no gap waist comfort waist features expand features exclusives petite pants petite jeans tall pants tall jeans sizes 28-32 denim fit guide dresses expand dresses styles expand styles fit 'n flare a-line sheaths shirtdresses maxis & jumpsuits skirts collections expand collections party dresses perfect black dress trending celebrate shop expand celebrate shop dresses separates accessories shapewear shop by fit expand shop by fit waist slimmer curve embracer bust enhancer hip & thigh concealer features expand features exclusives fit guide sizes 30-32 active expand active active tops expand active tops tops & tees sweatshirts jackets & vests active pants expand active pants pants leggings capris collections expand collections active sets french terry tummy control more styles expand more styles sports bras waist slimmer sneakers coats expand coats collections expand collections pleather quilted & puffers rain & soft shell fleece styles expand styles bombers anoraks vests blazers ruanas features expand features cold weather exclusives sizes 30-32 shoes/accessories expand shoes/accessories boots expand boots ankle boots mid-calf boots tall boots over-the-knee boots weather wide calf boots extra wide width shoes expand shoes flats mules & clogs wedges pumps & heels peep toe booties sneakers medium width handbags expand handbags totes satchels crossbody wristlets & wallets travel kits & more accessories expand accessories ruanas belts cold weather umbrellas sunglasses hosiery & socks jewelry expand jewelry short necklaces long necklaces watches bracelets earrings rings pins features expand features trend: vintage trend: distressed trend: hardware trending exclusives body expand body bras expand bras underwire no wire sports bras bralette balconette smooth caress backsmoother dream curves t-shirt plunge band sizes 50 & 52 panties by fit expand panties by fit thong hipster hi-cut cheekys modern brief full brief boy shorts collections expand collections sexy nights cotton panties seamless panties microfiber panties bra & panty sets shapewear expand shapewear control panty butt shapers tummy tamers back smoothers love handles thigh slimmers sleepwear expand sleepwear chemises pajamas nightgowns robes & slippers hosiery expand hosiery pantyhose tights leggings socks special sizes expand special sizes tops expand tops knit tops 30/32 shirts/blouses 30/32 jacket/vests 30/32 bottoms expand bottoms pants 28-32 jeans 28-32 shorts 28-32 petite & tall expand petite & tall petite pants petite jeans tall pants tall jeans shoes expand shoes wide calf boots extra wide width medium width shoes sandals size 12 & 13 more styles expand more styles dresses 30/32 skirts 30/32 swimwear 28-32 bra band size 50 & 52 loralette expand loralette shop expand shop knit tops + blouses jeans + pants dresses bras trending expand trending new shop by look army strong sport #factory expand #factory view all sale/clearance expand sale/clearance sale expand sale $12.99-19.99 tops $19.99-39.99 bottoms 70% off specials 60% off specials 50% off 40% off 50% off intimates accessories sale deals expand deals bras b2g1 free panties 6/$32 panties b2g2 free sleepwear 30% off watches 30% off jewelry bogo50% cold weather 50% off clearance expand clearance vip knits active wear knit tops & tees shirts & blouses sweaters & cardis jackets bottoms capris dresses & skirts intimates shoes & accessories swim outlet expand outlet just added view all store offers expand store offers view all offers sign in store coupons store locator text sign up email sign up order history home customer service privacy policy your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. help contact us secondary navigation help ordering information returns & exchanges billing & payment order status shipping information shipping information ship to an avenue store international shipping site difficulties product questions registration & email gift card information gift card contact us if you don't see the answer you're looking for, please contact us. e-mail phone toll free: 1-888-843-2836 international: 1-925-273-6992 6:00 am - midnight et write avenue® 175 heritage drive pataskala, oh 43062 avenue privacy policy updated: 01 march 2017 introduction please read this privacy policy to understand how we protect your privacy when interacting with avenue stores, llc (collectively, “avenue,” “we,” or “us”) through our retail stores, by telephone, through www.avenue.com or www.loralette.com (collectively, our “website”) and through social media platforms we use to interact with you. the purpose of this privacy policy is to assist you in understanding the type of personal information we may collect from you, how such information may be used, and the choices that are available to you concerning the use of your information. by interacting with us through our stores, telephone, website and social media platforms, you consent to the use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree to the terms of our privacy policy, do not provide personal information to us or use our website or communicate with us on social media platforms. we may make changes from time to time or add to this privacy policy, so we ask you to review this privacy policy from time to time so that you are familiar with our current privacy practices. note that the examples contained in this privacy policy are illustrations only, and not intended to be exhaustive. personal information we collect avenue collects information from a variety of sources, including: information you provide to us, transaction information, information we collect via technology-enabled services, and information we collect about you from third-party sources. in this privacy policy, “personal information” means any data or information by which you can be identified or contacted, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, etc. the information we collect depends on how you interact with us, and may include the following: information you provide to us. avenue collects information you provide to us, when using our website, through our retail operations, or otherwise. for example, if you place an order or register on our website, and provide your name, address, email address, telephone number and credit card or other payment related information, you are voluntarily providing us your personal information. we also collect information you submit when participating in our various services, promotions, programs or surveys, or when seeking support from us in the use of our products and services. in addition, we collect and maintain information about your transactions with us, such as shopping history and preferences. device data. each time you visit our website, or social media platforms our servers may automatically collect certain information describing your visit, including your ip address and browser information. by itself, an ip address is not personally identifiable, however this information may be combined with other personal information and we may maintain a record of your products interests and purchases you make in our stores or online. location data. we collect data about your location, which can be either precise or imprecise. precise location data can be global position system (gps) data, as well as data identifying nearby cell towers and wi-fi hotspots we collect when you enable location-based products or features. imprecise location data includes, for example, a location derived from your ip address or data that indicates where you are located with less precision, such as at a specific store location, city or postal code level. information from other sources. avenue also receives information about you from publicly available sources, from other companies, joint-marketing partners or from unrelated third-parties including, but not limited to information on your creditworthiness for private label credit card offers, and products you may be interested in purchasing. how we use personal information avenue uses the information we collect for three basic purposes, described in more detail below: (1) to operate our business and provide the products we offer, (2) to send communications, including promotional communications, and (3) in connection with advertising. some of the specific uses are as follows: operating our business. we use information to provide and improve the products we offer and perform essential business operations. this includes operating the stores and the website, delivering purchased products, maintaining and improving the selection of products, including developing new features, research, and providing customer support. this also includes sharing personal information with third parties who provide services to us, such as credit card processing, order fulfillment, website analytics and management, marketing management, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, e-mail delivery, auditing, and other similar services. communications. we use information we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you. for example, we may contact you by email or other means to inform you about products that may be of interest, or orders in process and returns, remind you about items left in your online shopping cart, update you or inquire about a return request, invite you to participate in a survey, or tell you that you need to take action to keep your account active. additionally, you can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from avenue by email, by text messaging, physical mail, and telephone. for information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please see the opt-out choices for communications from avenue section of this privacy policy, below. advertising. we may use your personal information to notify you about new products, and to advertise our products and services in accordance with this privacy policy. your website visit, marketing experience, and communications may be tailored to your interests based on your personal information. we may also use personal information in order to respond directly to your information requests. we may use your personal information to deliver customized advertising to you on the website, on other websites and on other digital and offline media channels, including social media platforms. please see the third-party advertising and marketing and advertising services sections of this privacy policy, below, for related information. reasons we share personal information we share your personal information with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have purchased, requested or authorized. for example, we share your address with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you order an item through our website and ask us to deliver it. when you provide payment information to make a purchase, we will share payment information with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. in addition, we share personal information with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. see the marketing and advertising services section of this privacy policy, below, for more information. for example, companies we hire to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal information in order to provide those functions. in such cases, these companies are only authorized to use personal information they receive from us for the purposes for which they are engaged. we also may disclose personal information as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger, consolidation, restructuring, reorganization or sale of some or all of avenue’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of an insolvency proceeding, in which your personal information will be among the assets transferred or consolidated. finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal information, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to: comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies; protect our customers, for example to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone; operate and maintain the security of our stores, website, and other facilities, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks; or protect the rights or property of avenue, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services - however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of avenue, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement. how to access and update your registration information in order to maintain the accuracy of your registration information, including related personal information, if you have registered on our website, you may access and update your name, address, telephone number or email address any time by visiting our website and clicking on the my account or login link at the top of any page and registering/logging in with your username/email address and password. other important information relating to privacy social media. avenue uses various social media platforms (“social media,” including, without limitation, facebook, twitter, pinterest, instagram, tumblr, youtube) to communicate with its customers and others interested in the business. if you contact or interact with us through social media, we may contact you via direct message or use other social media tools to communicate with you. in these instances, avenue’s interactions with you are governed by this privacy policy as well as the privacy policy of the social media provider used. please note that various social media platforms utilize features, such as the facebook like button, that may collect information about your ip address and page you’re visiting on our website, and they may employ tracking technologies, such as cookies. video recording in stores. we may conduct video surveillance at our stores for security, fraud and loss prevention and incident reporting purposes. we use the images and information from such videos only as required for such purposes and for certain operational purposes, such as to measure traffic patterns in our stores. data aggregation. avenue also collects information about how users navigate through our website or social media platforms. this statistical information is gathered in order to improve the website and our product offerings. this aggregated information may be shared with avenue vendors or other avenue partners. this aggregated statistical and navigational information does not include individual names or personal information. avenue-branded credit cards. avenue-branded credit card accounts are issued and managed by a third party, comenity bank. when you apply for a credit card through the website or at a store, you provide your financial and personal information needed for comenity bank to process your application. avenue is independent of comenity bank. to obtain a financial privacy policy for the avenue credit card, please click here. "tell a friend" and "referral programs". if you elect to use our referral service to inform a friend about our products or services, we will ask you for the friend's contact information. we will then contact your friend, as you have directed, related to your referral request. we use the personal information you provide for your friend in this situation to send information that you have indicated your friend should see and to track the success of our referral program. cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies avenue may use technologies such as electronic communication protocols, cookies, embedded urls or pixels, or widgets, buttons, tools, web beacons, and "tag" technology to enhance the browsing and shopping experience on our website and to gather additional user information. cookies are small files or records that we place on your device to collect information about your activities on our website. web beacons and tags are small strings of code that are used in conjunction with a cookie and that allow us to record activity on our website. there are no personally identifiable pieces of information stored anywhere in these files, and they are used solely to enhance your shopping experience and to allow us to serve you better in the future. the information captured makes it possible for us (i) to speed navigation, keep track of items in your shopping cart, and provide you with custom tailored content; (ii) to remember information you gave to us so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the website; (iii) to monitor the effectiveness of some of our marketing campaigns; and (iv) to monitor total number of visitors, pages viewed, and the total number of visitors served. you may be able to choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can turn off cookie acceptance altogether. however, if you refuse cookies, certain features of the website will not work. in particular, you will not be able to order from the website using the shopping cart. marketing and advertising services we may use your personal information to deliver customized advertising to you on the website, on other websites and on other digital and offline media channels. avenue uses third party service providers to help gather and analyze information about our visitors (anonymous traffic, and from time to time, individual user activity) on our website, through social media, and on other websites. these service providers help us conduct our business and deliver the most relevant products and services. they are bound by confidentiality and are not authorized to use your personal information for any purpose other than the one for which we engaged them. these third-party vendors may connect information about your activity with avenue with information about pages you visit on other websites and social media channels and show you advertising or trigger email or social media advertising based on this combined information. we may use your personal information to match it with other public and private data sources in order to enhance our records or enhance our ability to provide products and services, such as appending additional information to your profile. third-party advertising avenue participates in interest-based advertising, also known as online behavioral advertising. we use third-party advertising companies to serve our ads across the internet and to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on your browsing and shopping activities. these companies use and collect information about your visits to our site and your interaction with our products and services in order to serve more relevant ads. these targeted advertisements may appear on our website or on other sites that you visit. the information is collected through the use of a pixel tags, cookies, or other technologies. if you do not want the network advertising initiative member companies to collect this information, you may opt out of all such tracking. to opt out, please click the following link: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. opting out does not mean that you will stop receiving ads from us. it means that you still stop receiving ads from us that have been targeted to you based on your visits and browsing activity across websites over time. opt-out choices for communications from avenue to be removed from a direct mailing list or an email or social media marketing list, please follow the instructions below. for direct mailing (snail mail) marketing list: get in touch by calling, writing or faxing at the contact information provided in the contact information section below; please make sure to provide us with your exact name and address or the mailing label from your catalog or postcard, as applicable, so that we can identify you correctly; and we will make every effort to implement any choice you make as soon as possible, but you should allow approximately 45 days for mailing change requests to be fully implemented. any mailings that you may receive during this time do not reflect your subscription status, and we ask that you please disregard them. for an email marketing list: click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any page on our website; or click the “unsubscribe” link in any of our marketing emails you receive. we will remove you from the applicable lists within 10 days of our receipt of your opt-out or unsubscribe request. for social media lists, please click on the “un-follow,” “un-friend,” “unsubscribe,” or similar button and follow instructions provided by the social media platform. each social media platform has an opt-out process, but they are not the same, and we do not control those processes. we distribute text messages to devices of those who have requested such information via an opt-in request. to opt out of avenue mobile messaging, reply “stop” to text messages sent from us or follow any unsubscribe instructions in the applicable text message. if you choose to be removed from our marketing lists, we will still contact you in connection with transactions you initiate with avenue, for example, we will still send you order and confirmation emails and ship packages to you as requested. your choice to opt in or opt out of promotional communications will not affect any orders you place with avenue or any account registration you have with us. unsolicited promotional communication avenue does not send unsolicited promotional communications such as emails and text messages. avenue only sends marketing communications to customers who agree to receive them except when they have been referred by another user. (see "tell a friend" and "referral programs" under the other important information relating to privacy section of this privacy policy, above.) our online order form contains a pre-checked box signifying your consent to receive promotional emails. if you do not wish to receive such emails, please un-check the box. see the opt-out choices for communications from avenue section of this privacy policy, above, for more information. california privacy rights if you are a california resident and have established a business relationship with us, you are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. the notice will describe (a) the categories of personal information we disclosed to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (b) the names and addresses of the third parties that received such personal information from us for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year and if, the nature of the third parties’ business cannot reasonably be determined from the third parties’ name, examples of the products or services marketed, if known to us, sufficient to give you a reasonable indication of the nature of the third parties’ business. to request such notice, please submit a written request to us (see contact information, below). if you are a california resident under age 18 and use the website or social media, then you may request that we remove any user contribution that you publicly posted through the website or social media. we will make a good faith effort to delete or remove your user contributions from public view as soon as reasonably practicable; however, we may be required by law to not remove or allow removal of your user contribution. to request removal of your user contribution to us (see contact information, below). avenue reserves the right to request that you provide information that will enable us to confirm that the user contribution that you want removed was created and posted by you. do not track avenue does not directly track its customers over time and across third-party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to do not track (dnt) signals. however, some third party sites, including some suppliers to avenue, do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. if you are visiting such sites, your browser may allow you to set the dnt signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked. see the support information for your browser to learn how to handle dnt signals. third parties that have content embedded on avenue’s websites such as a social feature may set cookies on a user’s browser or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the website from a certain ip address, for example. children’s privacy our website and social media are not directed, targeted or intended to be used by children under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. if you are under 13 years of age, please do not provide your information on the website. if the parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 believes that the child has provided us with personal information, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us (see contact information, below) to have this personal information deleted from our files. if we learn that we have obtained personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will use reasonable efforts to delete that information from our files. security of personal information avenue is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. we use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. for example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. when we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. we want your online shopping experience to be safe and secure. we encrypt your personal information, including your name, address, and credit card number when transmitting over the internet using secure socket layer (ssl) security software. we employ a qualified security assessor to audit our procedures and we also retain third-party security providers to monitor and validate to ensure our compliance with these standards. all of your information is encrypted before, during and after your order is placed on our site. depending on the browser you are using you may notice an unbroken key or a closed lock at the bottom of the page when you enter our "check-out" page. this means that your browser has made a secure connection with our site. you can also check by looking at the url line of your browser. when accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https." please note that normal email (such as using contact us or your home email) is not encrypted and thus is not a secure means for transmitting credit card information or any personal information or information you wish to keep private and secure. users outside the united states any personal information collected from or about individuals from outside the united states is processed and stored in the united states. when you provide personal information to avenue, you consent to the processing, accessing, transmitting and storing of personal information in the united states. if you do not consent to providing your personal information to avenue in the united states, then you should not use the website or our social media accounts. international customer privacy to sell and fulfill online purchases that customers choose to ship internationally or pay in a currency other than us dollars, avenue partners with borderfree, inc. ("borderfree"). when you identify your order as being shipped internationally, avenue will direct you to borderfree for completion of the transaction. upon completion of your order (a purchase), borderfree will notify avenue of the approval of your order, and avenue will then ship approved orders to borderfree. simultaneously, borderfree will purchase the product from us, which allows them to take title to the product(s), bill your credit card, collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you. in this process, borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record. when ordering a product, you will be presented with borderfree's terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product(s) you ordered. upon placing an avenue order with borderfree, borderfree will share your order information with avenue, and that information is protected by this privacy policy. any personal information you provide directly to avenue while on our website is controlled and processed by avenue (see contact information, below). any personal information provided at checkout is controlled and processed by borderfree, 55 west 39th street, 18th floor, new york, new york 10018. borderfree agrees that it will not sell, transfer, or otherwise use your information other than for executing international shipping orders. if you provide avenue with personal information, directly or through borderfree, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the united states. links to other websites avenue occasionally provides links on our website to other non-affiliated websites to enhance your shopping experience. these other websites operate independently from avenue and will have their own privacy and security policies. we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any website you visit. avenue does not take responsibility for such non-affiliated websites. effective date and policy changes avenue may from time to time make changes to its privacy policy to reflect changes in its privacy practices. accordingly, avenue reserves the right to revise or modify this privacy policy in whole or in part at any time. we will inform you of any update to our privacy policy by posting a notice on our website. the effective date of the updated policy will be the date posted on the notice. the updated policy shall replace any prior policies and will be applicable to all current and past users of our websites. contact information to contact us regarding products, transactions and services, contact us at: avenue 175 heritage drive pataskala, oh 43062 customer service phone number: (888) 843-2836 international: 1 (740) 964-5847 fax number: (740) 964-5850 to contact us regarding this privacy policy, contact us at: avenue 365 west passaic street, suite 230 rochelle park, nj 07662 attn: legal email: privacy@avenue.com sign up for texts send me avenue texts with fashion updates & special offers sign up for emails send me avenue emails with fashion updates & special offers get social customer service 1-888-843-2836 order status shipping information international shipping contact us shopping tools gift cards online exclusives online catalogs site map size charts your account sign in / register wish list contact preferences email unsubscribe avenue credit card apply now pay your bill our stores store locator ship to store we accept: shipping to ©2017 avenue stores, llc. all rights reserved. about us privacy policy terms of use supply chain disclosures careers affiliate network popular searches [+] bra-plus capri-pants cropped-pants denim-leggings exquisite-form jean-skirt khaki-skirts leading-lady-bras long-cardigan long-tee long-tops miss-mary-of-sweden petite-clothing plus-size-cardigan size-petite stretch-denim swimdress white-blazer avenue-shoes big-black-clothing black-and-white-store body-shop-clothing open-cup-bra peasant-blouse plus-size-bras plus-size-formal-dresses plus-size-formal-wear plus-size-leather-jackets plus-size-red-dress plus-size-skinny-jeans plus-size-tights plus-size-winter-coats red-leggings red-skirt trendy-plus-size-clothing tunic-tops white-leggings wide-calf-boots products by: title category price size color subcategory favourite bestsellers categories by: title price deals bestsellers size name favourite category popular items by: popularity items price title category our choice favorites name top seller by: title favorites bestseller category popularity our choice price deals featured products by: top seller favorites title our choice bestseller price category items