来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231161502/https://www.avenue.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

plus size privacy policy the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. more brands blurb about brand goes here including product range and sizing blurb about brand goes here including product range and sizing blurb about brand goes here including product range and sizing free standard shipping* - orders $100+ phone orders1 888 843 2836 fast & easyreturns skip to content toggle nav close nav search searchsearch close searchsearchcontinue shoppingaccount sign in register bag () () + up to 80% off* clearance up to 80% off* clearance * up to 80% off* clearance prices are as marked – no further discount is applied at checkout. offer is valid for a limited time only and while stocks last. not valid in conjunction with any other offer, voucher, promotion or discount. styles marked final sale are not eligible for return unless garment is deemed faulty. offer not redeemable for cash or credit. not valid on previous purchases. offer only redeemable on merchandise purchased in a single transaction.* up to 80% off* clearance prices are as marked – no further discount is applied at checkout. offer is valid for a limited time only and while stocks last. not valid in conjunction with any other offer, voucher, promotion or discount. styles marked final sale are not eligible for return unless garment is deemed faulty. offer not redeemable for cash or credit. not valid on previous purchases. offer only redeemable on merchandise purchased in a single transaction. new all new 60% off* new new this week tops shoes & boots outerwear sweaters & cardigans bottoms denim dresses sleep lingerie city chic new arrivals avenue looks enchantress starry night rewind lounge majestic treasures best sellers back in stockclothing all clothing tops knit tops shirts & blouses basic tops shop all outerwear knitwear coats jackets blazers shop all dresses casual dresses formal dresses work dresses shop all style edits occasion wear work wear casual wear party wear festive sleepwear cozy celebrations bottoms pants capris & crops denim work bottoms shop all activewear active tops active bottoms shop all best sellers shoes & boots sleepwear swim & resort brandsbrands all brands avenue avenue body arna york aveology ccx city chic cloudwalkers evans fox & royal loralette societie+ zim & zoetops all tops $12.99* selected tops sale tops print tops solid tops tunics work tops black tops basic tops knit tops all knit tops short sleeve long sleeve sleeveless graphic tees cutout & caged all knitwear shirts & blouses all shirts & blouses button up blouses camis pleaters brands avenue zim & zoe city chic best selling topsbottoms all bottoms sale bottoms pants leggings work pants skirts capris shorts shop all shop by fabric luxe cool hand super stretch knit ponte denim shop by length average petite tall brands avenue city chic ccx best selling bottomsdenim all denim all jeans shop collections butter denim premium stretch shop by style skinny straight bootcut girlfriend jeggings shorts shop by wash light medium dark black color shop by length average petite tall shop by shape hourglass apple best selling denimdresses all dresses sale dresses casual dresses jumpsuits work dresses formal dresses resort dresses rompers shop all shop by length maxi dresses midi dresses short dresses shop by style wrap dresses fit & flare easy to wear figure hugging sleeveless perfect black dress brands avenue city chic loralette best selling dressesactive all active active tops all active tops tops & tees jackets & hoodies active bottoms all active bottoms leggings capris pants shorts basic bottoms brands zim & zoe ave leisure ccx lounge all lounge tops bottoms jackets & hoodiesouterwear all outerwear sale outerwear blazers light-weight coats puffer & quilted jackets hoodies overpieces sweatshirts shop all all knitwear sale knitwear sweaters cardigans shop allshoes all footwear up to 70% off* boots sale footwear boots all boots sale boots ankle boots tall boots flat boots shoes all shoes flats sneakers slides & mules sandals new footwear best selling footwearsleep all sleepwear $15* selected sleep sale sleepwear chemises sleep separates nightgowns sleep shirts sleep sets robes & slippers brands avenue city chic zim & zoe best selling sleepintimates all lingerie sale lingerie all bras $11* selected bras underwire no wire lace balconette plunge all panties $3.99* selected panties thong cheeky full brief cotton lace shapewear hosiery bra & panty sets sexy lingerie best selling lingerie brands avenue body fox & royal city chicclearance all clearance further markdowns new markdowns last chance outerwear knitwear tops boots shoes dresses bottoms sleepwear lingerie city chic sale shop by price $10 & under $20 & under $30 & under $50 & under up to 80% off* shop by size 14-16 18-20 22-24 26-28 30-32 60% off* sitewide - shop now60% off* sitewide - shop now $12.99* knit tops - buy now$12.99* knit tops - buy now $11* selected bras - buy now $11* selected bras - buy now home privacy policy privacy policy updated: 22 november 2019 introduction please read this privacy policy to understand how we protect your privacy when interacting with city chic collective usa inc, trading as avenue ( “avenue,” “we,” or “us”) by telephone, through www.avenue.com or www.loralette.com (collectively, our “website”), through our channel partners and through social media platforms we use to interact with you. the purpose of this privacy policy is to assist you in understanding the type of personal information we may collect from you, how such information may be used, and the choices that are available to you concerning the use of your information. by interacting with us through our telephone, website and social media platforms, you consent to the use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree to the terms of our privacy policy, do not provide personal information to us or use our website or communicate with us on social media platforms. we may make changes from time to time or add to this privacy policy, so we ask you to review this privacy policy regularly so that you are familiar with our current privacy practices. note that the examples contained in this privacy policy are illustrations only, and not intended to be exhaustive. personal information we collect avenue collects information from a variety of sources, including: information you provide to us, transaction information, information we collect via technology-enabled services, and information we collect about you from third-party sources. in this privacy policy, “personal information” means any data or information by which you can be identified or contacted, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, etc. the information we collect depends on how you interact with us, and may include the following: information you provide to us. avenue collects information you provide to us, when using our website, through our retail operations, or otherwise. for example, if you place an order or register on our website, and provide your name, address, email address, telephone number and credit card or other payment related information, you are voluntarily providing us your personal information. we also collect information you submit when participating in our various services, promotions, programs or surveys, or when seeking support from us in the use of our products and services. in addition, we collect and maintain information about your transactions with us, such as shopping history and preferences. device data. each time you visit our website, or social media platforms our servers may automatically collect certain information describing your visit, including your ip address and browser information. by itself, an ip address is not personally identifiable, however this information may be combined with other personal information and we may maintain a record of your products interests and purchases you make in our stores or online. location data. we collect data about your location, which can be either precise or imprecise. precise location data can be global position system (gps) data, as well as data identifying nearby cell towers and wi-fi hotspots we collect when you enable location-based products or features. imprecise location data includes, for example, a location derived from your ip address or data that indicates where you are located with less precision, such as at a specific store location, city or postal code level. information from other sources. avenue also receives information about you from publicly available sources, from other companies, joint-marketing partners or from unrelated third-parties including, but not limited to information on your creditworthiness for private label credit card offers, and products you may be interested in purchasing. how we use personal information avenue uses the information we collect for three basic purposes, described in more detail below: (1) to operate our business and provide the products we offer, (2) to send communications, including promotional communications, and (3) in connection with advertising. some of the specific uses are as follows: operating our business. we use information to provide and improve the products we offer and perform essential business operations. this includes operating the website, delivering purchased products, maintaining and improving the selection of products, including developing new features, research, and providing customer support. this also includes sharing personal information with third parties who provide services to us, such as credit card processing, order fulfillment, website analytics and management, marketing management, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, e-mail delivery, auditing, and other similar services. communications. we use information we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you. for example, we may contact you by email or other means to inform you about products that may be of interest, or orders in process and returns, remind you about items left in your online shopping cart, update you or inquire about a return request, invite you to participate in a survey, or tell you that you need to take action to keep your account active. additionally, you can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from avenue by email, by text messaging, physical mail, and telephone. for information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please see the opt-out choices for communications from avenue section of this privacy policy, below. advertising. we may use your personal information to notify you about new products, and to advertise our products and services in accordance with this privacy policy. your website visit, marketing experience, and communications may be tailored to your interests based on your personal information. we may also use personal information in order to respond directly to your information requests. we may use your personal information to deliver customized advertising to you on the website, on other websites and on other digital and offline media channels, including social media platforms. please see the third-party advertising and marketing and advertising services sections of this privacy policy, below, for related information. reasons we share personal information we share your personal information with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have purchased, requested or authorized. for example, we share your address with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you order an item through our website and ask us to deliver it. when you provide payment information to make a purchase, we will share payment information with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. in addition, we share personal information with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. see the marketing and advertising services section of this privacy policy, below, for more information. for example, companies we hire to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal information in order to provide those functions. in such cases, these companies are only authorized to use personal information they receive from us for the purposes for which they are engaged. we also may disclose personal information as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger, consolidation, restructuring, reorganization or sale of some or all of avenue’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of an insolvency proceeding, in which your personal information will be among the assets transferred or consolidated. finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal information, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to: comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies; protect our customers, for example to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone; operate and maintain the security of our stores, website, and other facilities, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks; or protect the rights or property of avenue, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services - however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of avenue, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement. how to access and update your registration information in order to maintain the accuracy of your registration information, including related personal information, if you have registered on our website, you may access and update your name, address, telephone number or email address any time by visiting our website and clicking on the my account or login link at the top of any page and registering/logging in with your username/email address and password. other important information relating to privacy social media. avenue uses various social media platforms (“social media,” including, without limitation, facebook, twitter, pinterest, instagram, tumblr, youtube) to communicate with its customers and others interested in the business. if you contact or interact with us through social media, we may contact you via direct message or use other social media tools to communicate with you. in these instances, avenue’s interactions with you are governed by this privacy policy as well as the privacy policy of the social media provider used. please note that various social media platforms utilize features, such as the facebook like button, that may collect information about your ip address and page you’re visiting on our website, and they may employ tracking technologies, such as cookies. data aggregation. avenue also collects information about how users navigate through our website or social media platforms. this statistical information is gathered in order to improve the website and our product offerings. this aggregated information may be shared with avenue vendors or other avenue partners. this aggregated statistical and navigational information does not include individual names or personal information. avenue-branded credit cards. avenue-branded credit card accounts are issued and managed by a third party, comenity bank. when you apply for a credit card through the website or at a store, you provide your financial and personal information needed for comenity bank to process your application. avenue is independent of comenity bank. to obtain a financial privacy policy for the avenue credit card, please click here. "tell a friend" and "referral programs". if you elect to use our referral service to inform a friend about our products or services, we will ask you for the friend's contact information. we will then contact your friend, as you have directed, related to your referral request. we use the personal information you provide for your friend in this situation to send information that you have indicated your friend should see and to track the success of our referral program. cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies avenue may use technologies such as electronic communication protocols, cookies, embedded urls or pixels, or widgets, buttons, tools, web beacons, and "tag" technology to enhance the browsing and shopping experience on our website and to gather additional user information. cookies are small files or records that we place on your device to collect information about your activities on our website. web beacons and tags are small strings of code that are used in conjunction with a cookie and that allow us to record activity on our website. there are no personally identifiable pieces of information stored anywhere in these files, and they are used solely to enhance your shopping experience and to allow us to serve you better in the future. the information captured makes it possible for us (i) to speed navigation, keep track of items in your shopping cart, and provide you with custom tailored content; (ii) to remember information you gave to us so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the website; (iii) to monitor the effectiveness of some of our marketing campaigns; and (iv) to monitor total number of visitors, pages viewed, and the total number of visitors served. you may be able to choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can turn off cookie acceptance altogether. however, if you refuse cookies, certain features of the website will not work. in particular, you will not be able to order from the website using the shopping cart. marketing and advertising services we may use your personal information to deliver customized advertising to you on the website, on other websites and on other digital and offline media channels. avenue uses third party service providers to help gather and analyze information about our visitors (anonymous traffic, and from time to time, individual user activity) on our website, through social media, and on other websites. these service providers help us conduct our business and deliver the most relevant products and services. they are bound by confidentiality and are not authorized to use your personal information for any purpose other than the one for which we engaged them. these third-party vendors may connect information about your activity with avenue with information about pages you visit on other websites and social media channels and show you advertising or trigger email or social media advertising based on this combined information. we may use your personal information to match it with other public and private data sources in order to enhance our records or enhance our ability to provide products and services, such as appending additional information to your profile. third-party advertising avenue participates in interest-based advertising, also known as online behavioral advertising. we use third-party advertising companies to serve our ads across the internet and to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on your browsing and shopping activities. these companies use and collect information about your visits to our site and your interaction with our products and services in order to serve more relevant ads. these targeted advertisements may appear on our website or on other sites that you visit. the information is collected through the use of a pixel tags, cookies, or other technologies. if you do not want the network advertising initiative member companies to collect this information, you may opt out of all such tracking. to opt out, please click the following link: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. opting out does not mean that you will stop receiving ads from us. it means that you still stop receiving ads from us that have been targeted to you based on your visits and browsing activity across websites over time. opt-out choices for communications from avenue to be removed from a direct mailing list or an email or social media marketing list, please follow the instructions below. for direct mailing (snail mail) marketing list: get in touch by calling, writing or faxing at the contact information provided in the contact information section below; please make sure to provide us with your exact name and address or the mailing label from your catalog or postcard, as applicable, so that we can identify you correctly; and we will make every effort to implement any choice you make as soon as possible, but you should allow approximately 45 days for mailing change requests to be fully implemented. any mailings that you may receive during this time do not reflect your subscription status, and we ask that you please disregard them. for an email marketing list: click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any page on our website; or click the “unsubscribe” link in any of our marketing emails you receive. we will remove you from the applicable lists within 10 days of our receipt of your opt-out or unsubscribe request. for social media lists: please click on the “un-follow,” “un-friend,” “unsubscribe,” or similar button and follow instructions provided by the social media platform. each social media platform has an opt-out process, but they are not the same, and we do not control those processes. we distribute text messages to devices of those who have requested such information via an opt-in request. to opt out of avenue mobile messaging, reply “stop” to text messages sent from us or follow any unsubscribe instructions in the applicable text message. if you choose to be removed from our marketing lists, we will still contact you in connection with transactions you initiate with avenue, for example, we will still send you order and confirmation emails and ship packages to you as requested. your choice to opt in or opt out of promotional communications will not affect any orders you place with avenue or any account registration you have with us. unsolicited promotional communication avenue does not send unsolicited promotional communications such as emails and text messages. avenue only sends marketing communications to customers who agree to receive them except when they have been referred by another user. (see "tell a friend" and "referral programs" under the other important information relating to privacy section of this privacy policy, above.) our online order form contains a pre-checked box signifying your consent to receive promotional emails. if you do not wish to receive such emails, please un-check the box. see the opt-out choices for communications from avenue section of this privacy policy, above, for more information. california privacy rights if you are a california resident and have established a business relationship with us, you are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. the notice will describe (a) the categories of personal information we disclosed to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (b) the names and addresses of the third parties that received such personal information from us for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year and if, the nature of the third parties’ business cannot reasonably be determined from the third parties’ name, examples of the products or services marketed, if known to us, sufficient to give you a reasonable indication of the nature of the third parties’ business. to request such notice, please submit a written request to us (see contact information, below). if you are a california resident under age 18 and use the website or social media, then you may request that we remove any user contribution that you publicly posted through the website or social media. we will make a good faith effort to delete or remove your user contributions from public view as soon as reasonably practicable; however, we may be required by law to not remove or allow removal of your user contribution. to request removal of your user contribution to us (see contact information, below). avenue reserves the right to request that you provide information that will enable us to confirm that the user contribution that you want removed was created and posted by you. do not track avenue does not directly track its customers over time and across third-party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to do not track (dnt) signals. however, some third party sites, including some suppliers to avenue, do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. if you are visiting such sites, your browser may allow you to set the dnt signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked. see the support information for your browser to learn how to handle dnt signals. third parties that have content embedded on avenue’s websites such as a social feature may set cookies on a user’s browser or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the website from a certain ip address, for example. children’s privacy our website and social media are not directed, targeted or intended to be used by children under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. if you are under 13 years of age, please do not provide your information on the website. if the parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 believes that the child has provided us with personal information, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us (see contact information, below) to have this personal information deleted from our files. if we learn that we have obtained personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will use reasonable efforts to delete that information from our files. security of personal information avenue is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. we use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. for example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. when we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. we want your online shopping experience to be safe and secure. we encrypt your personal information, including your name, address, and credit card number when transmitting over the internet using secure socket layer (ssl) security software. we employ a qualified security assessor to audit our procedures and we also retain third-party security providers to monitor and validate to ensure our compliance with these standards. all of your information is encrypted before, during and after your order is placed on our site. depending on the browser you are using you may notice an unbroken key or a closed lock at the bottom of the page when you enter our "check-out" page. this means that your browser has made a secure connection with our site. you can also check by looking at the url line of your browser. when accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https." please note that normal email (such as using contact us or your home email) is not encrypted and thus is not a secure means for transmitting credit card information or any personal information or information you wish to keep private and secure. users outside the united states any personal information collected from or about individuals from outside the united states is processed and stored in the united states. when you provide personal information to avenue, you consent to the processing, accessing, transmitting and storing of personal information in the united states. if you do not consent to providing your personal information to avenue in the united states, then you should not use the website or our social media accounts. links to other websites avenue occasionally provides links on our website to other non-affiliated websites to enhance your shopping experience. these other websites operate independently from avenue and will have their own privacy and security policies. we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any website you visit. avenue does not take responsibility for such non-affiliated websites. effective date and policy changes avenue may from time to time make changes to its privacy policy to reflect changes in its privacy practices. accordingly, avenue reserves the right to revise or modify this privacy policy in whole or in part at any time. we will inform you of any update to our privacy policy by posting a notice on our website. the effective date of the updated policy will be the date posted on the notice. the updated policy shall replace any prior policies and will be applicable to all current and past users of our websites. contact information visit our contact us page to contact us regarding products, transactions and services, contact us at: avenue10300 sanden drive, suite 100dallas, tx 75238customer service phone number: (888) 843-2836international: (925) 273-6992fax number: (740) 964-5850 to contact us regarding this privacy policy, contact us at: avenue45 north broad st.ridgewood, nj 07451attn: legalemail: [email protected] sign up to stay in touch join get social today's deals today's deals ends soon! 60% off* all tops buy now detailsends soon! 60% off* all tops buy now details limited time only! all sleep 60% off* buy now detailslimited time only! all sleep 60% off* buy now details get in quick! new arrivals 60% off* buy now detailsget in quick! new arrivals 60% off* buy now details get it while it's here! all lingerie 60% off* buy now detailsget it while it's here! all lingerie 60% off* buy now details now or never! 60% off* outerwear buy now detailsnow or never! 60% off* outerwear buy now details too good to miss! footwear up to 70% off* buy now detailstoo good to miss! footwear up to 70% off* buy now details new & further markdowns added up to 80% off* sale buy now detailsnew & further markdowns added up to 80% off* sale buy now details customer service 1 888 843 2836 help center order status shipping information how to reset password return my order return policy contact us terms of use shopping tools site map size guide bra fit guide gift cards afterpay klarna your account refer a friend direct mail offer sign in / register wish list contact preferences email unsubscribe terms of use privacy policy avenue credit card pay your bill we accept: promotional terms & conditions * $1 shipping on orders over $29* the shipping promotion is valid on all online purchases for standard shipping within the united states for orders exceeding $29. offer is valid 00:01 friday 20th august 2021 until 11:59 sunday 22nd august 2021 cst. avenue is not responsible to cover return freight costs on change of mind purchases. faulty items will be replaced with the same item originally purchased. for items that cannot be replaced a full refund will be offered. offer valid for a limited time only. * 60% off sitewide* - discount available off the original retail price. pricing available exclusively from avenue.com. prices as marked on full price items. excludes sale and final sale styles. offer is valid for limited time only and while stocks last. not valid in conjunction with any other offer, voucher, promotion or discount. includes all brands. offer not redeemable for cash or credit. not valid on previous purchases. offer only redeemable on merchandise purchased in a single transaction. excludes gift cards. offer not available through stockists. * up to 85% off* sale - prices are as marked – no further discount is applied at checkout. offer is valid for a limited time only and while stocks last. not valid in conjunction with any other offer, voucher, promotion or discount, including the direct mail offer. offer excludes ccx products and city chic products. styles marked final sale are not eligible for return unless garment is deemed faulty. offer not redeemable for cash or credit. not valid on previous purchases. offer only redeemable on merchandise purchased in a single transaction. * final sale styles - all final sale items are ineligible for return unless garment is deemed faulty. prices are as marked. not valid in conjunction with any other offer, voucher, promotion or discount, including the direct mail offer. offer excludes ccx products and city chic products. offer not redeemable for cash or credit. not valid on previous purchases. offer only redeemable on merchandise purchased in a single transaction. * selected city chic styles now on sale - prices as marked. styles marked sale are not eligible for further discounts. while stocks last. offer not available through stockists. limited time only. not valid in conjunction with any other offer, voucher, promotion or discount, including the direct mail offer. all styles $20 and under are final sale and cannot be returned or exchanged unless faulty. styles marked final sale are not eligible for further discounts.   © avenue 2022 all rights reserved.