来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250506170054/https://www.avenue.com/help-page?cid=cs-faq-av
================================================================================

faqs | avenue skip to main content accessibility policy sitewide 50% off code sitewide50 auto-applied to your cart details save 25% when you sign up & use your fullbeauty platinum credit card! details dream deals from $14.99 + free slippers details close back details 1valid one time only. the entire transaction amount after discount must be placed on the fullbeauty platinum credit card. *offer is exclusive to fullbeauty platinum credit card holders enrolled in the fullbeauty rewards program. account must be in good standing. offer will be received in your first billing statement. this rewards program is provided by fullbeauty and its terms may change at any time. for full rewards terms and conditions, please see www.comenity.net/fullbeauty. credit card offers are subject to credit approval. fullbeauty platinum credit card accounts are issued by comenity bank. view all deals the ultimate plus plus size destination:100+ brands, sizes 12-44 comfortable, colorfulcasual clothing,sizes 12-44 stylish, femininehead-to-toe fashion,sizes 12-44 we fit you beautifullyin sizes 16-34, 0x-6x affordable plus-size fashion,sizes 14-32 classics redefinedfor work & life, sizes 12w-44w modernswedish fashion,sizes 10-44 confidently currentstyles you'll lovein sizes 10-32 fashion first,fit obsessed.sizes 14+ the swim experts, fitting sizes 4-44 the ultimate activewear destinationfor every bodyin sizes s-9xl the best fitting bras,sleepwear, robes& lingerie.bra cup sizes a-o, band sizes 30-58and sleep up to size 8x the most comfortablefootwear for every occasion.sizes 7-13 in medium,wide & extra wide everything to decorate,entertain &enjoy your home the big & tallexperts, sizesl-10xl lowest prices onthe leadingplus size brands usa cancel style boxes personal style, delivered get your customized style box today! get started card credit card pay my bill don't have your card yet? apply today! enjoy these top rewards and special benefits when you use the fullbeauty platinum credit card: earn rewards every time you shop $10 rewards for every 200 points earned at fullbeauty brands. 1 point earned for every $1 spent with your card.3 free shipping up to 4 times a year use promo code fbshipping2025 minimum purchase of $75.4 a special birthday surprise! we'll send you an exclusive offer for your orders placed during your birthday month.5 learn more sign in sign in email* show password* keep me signed in forgot password by signing in, you agree to our terms of use, returns policy and privacy policy. sign in use any of our family brands login information. onestopplus®, woman within®, roaman's®, catherines®, jessica london®, ellos®, intimates for all™, shoes for all™, swimsuits for all®, brylanehome®, king size®, active for all®, june+vie™, fullbeauty outlet®, eloquii, dia shop and avenue. or sign in with google sign in with facebook create account enhance your shopping experience & get rewards track my order return order 0 my bag 0 my bag back sign in deals style boxes featured best sellers aveology cool hand collection new tops new bottoms new dresses new bras & lingerie new sleep new coats & jackets new swimwear new shoes new accessories summer intimates & sleep sale clothing tops shirts & blouses knit tops tunics tank tops sweatshirts & hoodies dresses casual dresses jumpsuits maxi dresses midi dresses occasion dresses sweaters & cardigans cardigans pullover sweaters turtlenecks bottoms pants leggings shorts & capris skirts petite bottoms tall bottoms denim jeans denim jackets denim skirts coats & jackets coats jackets & blazers activewear active tops active bottoms sports bras workwear sets & coordinates tops shirts & blouses sweaters & cardigans cardigans pullover sweaters turtlenecks knit tops tunics tank tops sweatshirts & hoodies bottoms denim straight leg jeggings butter denim denim skirts petite jeans tall jeans pants leggings shorts skirts petite bottoms tall bottoms denim jeans straight leg jeggings butter denim denim skirts denim jackets petite jeans tall jeans dresses casual dresses jumpsuits maxi dresses midi dresses short dresses occasion dresses wedding guest dresses formal dresses cocktail dresses party shoes & accessories boots ankle boots & booties winter boots wide calf boots sneakers flats dress shoes slides & mules wedges sandals casual sandals dress sandals sport sandals slippers hosiery & socks comfort solutions arch support non-slip shoes orthopedic shoes strap closure shoes stretchable shoes tie-less closure shoes wide toe box shoes wide width shoes featured brands bella vita comfortview easy spirit easy street jambu muk luks naturalizer propet ryka skechers accessories shop jewelry handbags & totes accessories bonus shoe sale bras & lingerie bras full coverage bras wireless bras t-shirt bras front closure bras underwire bras posture bras cotton bras sports bras lace bras strapless bras sleep bras mastectomy bras cooling bras specialty bras & accessories panties panty packs brief panties boxers & boyshorts thongs cotton panties nylon panties lace panties shapewear control bottoms tummy control bodysuits hosiery & socks slips & camisoles thermals featured brands amoureuse avenue bali catherines champion comfort choice elila exquisite form glamorise goddess hanes leading lady playtex rago secret solutions secret solutions bra and panty sets packs sleepwear pajamas pajama sets pajama tops pajama bottoms flannel pajamas sleepshirts 2-pack sleepshirts loungewear loungers lounge separates nightgowns robes sleepwear petites slippers style pajama sets thermals featured brands dreams & co ellos only necessities amoureuse swim swim tops tankini tops swim shirts bikini tops full coverage swim tops longer length swim tops bandeau tops swim bottoms swim briefs swim shorts swim skirts swim leggings high waisted swim bottoms tummy control swim bottoms swim dresses one-piece swimsuits two piece swimsuits swimsuit cover ups bikini sets tankini sets solutions for all chlorine resistant swimwear sun protection tummy control swimwear hip minimizer thigh concealer bust support full coverage maternity friendly shop by shape hourglass pear apple heart athletic style tankini tops swim shirts bikini tops full coverage swim tops longer length swim tops bandeau tops swim briefs swim shorts swim skirts swim leggings resortwear resort dresses resort tops bonus swim sale city chic new new dresses new tops new bottoms new denim new outerwear new lingerie new swimwear new shoes & boots best sellers clothing tops dresses sweaters & cardigans bottoms denim outerwear swimwear workwear dresses casual dresses jumpsuits maxi dresses midi dresses mini dresses occasion dresses workwear dresses elevated essentials tops denim denim all jeans denim dresses & overalls denim jackets denim shorts denim skirts lingerie bras sleepwear shoes & boots shoes boots clearance dresses tops bottoms coats & jackets bras & lingerie clearance bra sale clearance panty sale sleep clearance sleep sale swim one piece swimdress tankinis bikinis separates cover ups swim accessories shoes & boots boots shoes accessories new to clearance outlet dresses tops bottoms coats & jackets lingerie & sleep swim shoes shipping to united states be the first to know stay up to date with all of our great fitting styles and new season arrivals. plus, enjoy $25 off your order! email address sign up thanks for signing up. check your inbox to enjoy $25 off your order. you have 48 hours to use your special offer before it expires! thank you for your interest in our brand and your request to receive emails! unfortunately we are not able to accept orders from your country at this time or send you emails. as such, we will not store your email address at this time. we hope to be able to serve you in the future. we're sorry, there was a problem adding your email to our list. please try again later. customer service help email us call us 1-800-400-5527 quick links track my order return order update my profile home home customer service customer service secondary navigation customer service menu customer service menu shopping info shipping info returns exchanges fullbeauty platinum credit card gift cards size guide faqs contact us customer service your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. faqs order status why did my order ship late? sorry for the confusion the good news is you'll receive your order by the expected date. sometimes our warehouse processing takes a bit longer than expected which may affect your shipping date. this doesn't impact your delivery date, however. just a reminder – our delivery time frame should be 5-7 business days. why did the consumer protection group (cpg) put my order on hold? your shopping security is our highest priority. to safeguard your information and reduce potential risk, we conduct additional verifications when an order doesn't look quite right. we double-check things like: multiple orders placed under one account within 48 hours first time order with a high dollar amount shipping to an address that doesn't match your billing address orders submitted with a coupon discount in excess of 80% questions? contact us. why did the sales recovery (sr) put my order on hold? your shopping security is our highest priority. at times our sales recovery team needs additional information before we can send your order. we require additional info for things like: missing or miskeyed credit card information transaction denied by issuing bank issuing bank requires additional information transaction denied by comenity bank questions? contact us. why did my order status change from available to backordered? our apologies. we know this is frustrating. when you placed your order, the item was available. but stock depleted as we filled orders, and at shipping time the merchandise was no longer in stock and was placed on backorder. your invoice will display the date we expect to ship your pending backorder. you will not be charged for backordered items until they ship. where is my order? there are a few reasons you may not have received your order: your order is on backorder our apologies for the delay. we’re trying our best to get your item to you as soon as possible. your order is on hold give us a call. we’re happy to help. consumer protection group: 1-888-843-0023 m-f 8am-5pm est sales recovery team: 1-888-843-0019 m-f 9am-7pm est order shows as delivered if you are not able to locate your package, give us a call at 1-844-843-2836. we’re happy to help. please print a pdf affidavit form, fill out with order number, order total, name, billing address, phone number, and email address. please sign, date, and send to our analysts for review. send to: customer relations analyst 500 s. mesa hills dr. el paso, tx 79912 *a police report is required for any package of $200 or more, multiple misdelivered packages totaling $200 or more within 60 days, and for deliveries with picture proof provided by carrier. please attach the police report to your signed affidavit letter. letter must be received within 30 days from the delivery date. all claims are subject for review; affidavit does not guarantee refund. check on your order anytime. simply select account — at the top of every page. on the dropdown menu, select track my order. enter your order number, email address and billing zip code. click go to view your delivery details. if you're a registered user (or you gave us your email address on the phone), you’ll receive a confirmation email from us once your order has shipped. why does tracking information show "not found"? if you don’t get your package in the next three business days, contact us. sometimes tracking information shows as “not found” if the shipping label does not scan properly. if it has been more than 20 business days since you’re expected delivery date, contact us. we will issue you a credit and gladly re-order your item for you. what should i do if i received the wrong item received an incorrect item? please place a new order on our website and return the incorrect item using the instructions on the back of the packing slip. or, call us toll-free at 1-(844)-693-5678. we'll issue a credit for the incorrect item to the original credit card, and charge your card for the correct item once it's shipped. *for international orders, please email us or call us at 1-877-274-0260 what should i do if an item is missing from my order? missing an item from your order? if an item is missing from your package but listed on the packing slip as shipped, it may have shipped separately or be backordered. check your order status here. if the item is not backordered, please email us or call us toll-free at 1-844-693-5678. shopping why isnt the price in my shopping bag the reduced price? discount not applied at checkout? be sure to check the offer carefully. sometimes only specific colors or sizes are offered at the reduced prices. still have questions? contact us. we're happy to help. does the item come in other sizes, colors, lengths, etc.? be sure to check online for our most updated selection of sizes, colors and silhouettes. how do i shop from the catalog? see something in our catalog you want to purchase? just enter the catalog item number in the search box—there’s one at the top of every page. then, follow the prompts to complete your order. still don’t see what you’re searching for? contact us. backorders why has my item been on backorder so long? this style was so popular we couldn’t keep it in stock. we’d love to reserve this item for you and ship it as soon as it’s available. or, if you’d rather not wait, we completely understand. check out our array of new colors and styles. take a look. why do you offer items in your catalog if they are out of stock? our catalogs are printed in advance. as a result, items may occasionally be out of stock by the time you get your catalog. visit our websites for our most up-to-the-moment selection of sizes, colors and silhouettes. why did you cancel my backorder? there are three basic reasons we may need to cancel your backorder. paypal purchase requirements paypal only allows us to reserve payment for 29 days from the date the order was placed. we are happy to re-order your item for you with an alternate method of payment. credit card authorization we only charge you for items as they ship. the authorization to charge you for your backorder item/s was not successful. we are happy to re-order the item/s for you. merchandise cancellation we did not receive the item as expected in our warehouse and have cancelled all pending orders. if your item is placed on backorder, we’ll send you an email or postcard—and automatically extend your order for 30 days. if, five days before the new delivery date, your item is still not available we’ll send you an email/postcard asking for your permission to extend the order again. we’ll need to get your okay prior to the new delivery date—otherwise we have to cancel your order. in rare circumstances, we may need to extend your delivery date a third time. we’ll send you an email/postcard requesting your permission for the extension. if we do not receive your okay prior to the new date, your order will be cancelled that day. why can't you express my backorder? we’re not able to express backordered merchandise. our process for shipping backorders is automated to ensure your order goes out first, but does not allow for individualized shipping preferences such as express delivery. my item is on backorder. can i amend the color or size? when you order an item, we reserve it in your size and color. so, if your order has been processed, it cannot be amended. however, we’ll be happy to cancel your backorder and place a new order for you. give us a call at 1-844-693-5678. returns when will i receive my return credit? returns take about two weeks to process—including transit time to our warehouse. once we receive your return, we try to process it within two business days. refunds back to your payment method vary depending on your provider, but generally take three days to post. once your return has been processed, it will be listed as returned- along with the date it was processed. check order status here. if you're a registered user, or gave your email address to us over the phone, we’ll send a return received email once we’ve received your return—and a second email once we’ve processed it. final sale items will not be refunded. why is my return credit less than my order total? refunds are for the merchandise amount plus any applicable tax. if you used our pre-paid return label, $10.99 was deducted from the merchandise total. the original shipping and handling is non-refundable. why did you credit me when i wanted an even exchange? exchanges are processed as new orders. first, we issue a refund for the returned merchandise. then, we process your exchange and charge for the merchandise amount only. there is no charge for shipping and handling. why was my exchange total greater than my original order? check your exchange order carefully. depending on the price of the original purchase and the price of the new item, you will see either a credit or debit to your account—or the transactions might offset one another. occasionally, the exchange order does not capture the correct price. please contact us if you believe there is an error. we’re happy to adjust the price. the difference will go back to your original method of payment. shipping & handling charges why are there multiple shipping & handling charges on my bill? your card is only charge once at the time your order is shipped. when you place your order, we authorize your card for the full order amount. this places a pending authorization on your card—common bank practice when handling credit card transactions to ensure sufficient funds and account authenticity. this sometimes appears as two duplicate, separate charges. please allow up to 72 hours for the pending authorization to clear. if you need help speeding up the process, please contact the credit card issuing bank. fullbeauty credit card how do i pay my fullbeauty bill? fullbeauty brands™ credit cardholders can make an online payment at anytime. simply sign in with your username and password. pay your bill how do i sign in to my account? you'll need your username and password to log in. select sign in and enter your name and password as a returning customer. forgot password? privacy is my personal information safe? your privacy our privacy policy describes how fullbeauty brands treats your personal information. it was created to inform you, our customers, of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information and the steps we have taken to secure it. our standardized privacy policy and terms of use applies to all of our brands and the websites maintained by the brands (collectively the “site”). by visiting the site directly or through another site, you accept the practices described in this privacy policy. read our privacy policy here. mail preferences how do i unsubscribe from fullbeauty emails and catalogs? too much mail? we completely understand. manage your email preferences here. manage your catalog preferences here. when you’re ready to re-subscribe, just visit this page to update your preferences. login and registration how do i reset my password? forgot your password? no problem. change password. why can't i log in? please check your email address or password and try again. remember, your password is case sensitive. forgot your password? trouble with registration? we’re sorry you’re having trouble. here’s a reminder of our login requirements. your email address can't begin with a number. the password field is case sensitive. you must re-enter your password exactly as you did when you registered. (password, password or password). your password must be 8-10 characters and contain at least 1 letter and 1 number. reset your password here still having trouble? contact us how do i view or modify "my info"? registered customer? view or modify your information with a few simple clicks. email address password address email specials & updates access your account information anytime by selecting my info located at the top of every page. using the same login for more than one of our brands? any changes you make will apply to all fullbeauty brands. we’re here to help call us 1-888-843-2836 email us customer service be the first to know stay up to date with all of our great fitting styles and new season arrivals. plus, enjoy $25 off your order! email address sign up thanks for signing up. check your inbox to enjoy $25 off your order. you have 48 hours to use your special offer before it expires! thank you for your interest in our brand and your request to receive emails! unfortunately we are not able to accept orders from your country at this time or send you emails. as such, we will not store your email address at this time. we hope to be able to serve you in the future. we're sorry, there was a problem adding your email to our list. please try again later. text join to 44088 for exclusive access to special offers & to receive $25 off $100+ sign up for texts *msg&data rates may apply. recurring autodialed marketing messages will be sent to the mobile number provided at opt-in. consent is not a condition of purchase. text stop to quit. t&cs & privacy policy free exchanges every day! our goal is your complete satisfaction! learn more fullbeauty platinum credit card limited time: save 25% on your current order of $35+ when you open and use a fullbeauty platinum credit card! 1,* learn more customer service customer service contact us shopping info shipping info returns exchanges billing & payment size & fit international faq ltk x avenue my account my account sign in / register track my order return order order history wishlist offers & coupons rewards credit card credit card learn more pay my bill gift cards egift card gift card balance gift cards gift card balance egift card avenue avenue curves unleashed blog careers about fullbeauty brands shipping to 16 brands 1 easy checkout privacy policy terms of use your privacy choices california transparency in supply chains act accessibility statement ©2025 fullbeauty brands operations, llc. all rights reserved. avenue® is a registered trademark of fullbeauty brands operations, llc. this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. close be the first to know be the first to know keep up with our latest offers, arrivals & more - it's easier than ever! mobile phone number successyou're all set!a text message has been sent to . reply with y to confirm. something went wrong sorry, we are having trouble connecting to the system. please try again later. *by signing up for texts, you agree to receive automated recurring marketing messages from fullbeauty brands and accept the terms & privacy policy. consent is not a condition of purchase. msg & data rates may apply. text stop to unsubscribe. sign up for texts