来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231231612/https://www.kohls.com/feature/privacy-policy.jsp
================================================================================

kohl's privacy policy - your privacy rights | kohl's free shipping with $35 purchase. details fast & free store pickup! details take 20% off in store & online with code save20 details search by keyword or web id account 0 item(s), $0.00 check out shop by department my store: select store kohl’s coupons order status order status help we're sorry, javascript is required to shop kohls.com. please enable javascript in your browser; it's quick and easy! get instructions now. privacy policy scope types of information we collect how we collect your information how we use your information choices regarding your information your california privacy rights children under 16 security storage of information links how to contact us changes in policy kohl's privacy policy - your privacy rights effective date: july 31, 2021 scope this privacy policy describes how kohl's, inc., its affiliates and its third-party service providers treat customer personal information on the websites and apps where this privacy policy is located. in this privacy policy we call websites, emails and apps “platforms.” and when we say “kohl's” or “we”, we mean us, our affiliates, and relevant third-party service providers. this privacy policy also applies to how we treat personal information collected in kohl's retail stores ("stores"), kohl's operated retail outlet locations and other locations and events operated by kohl's or its affiliates. this privacy policy does not apply to information provided directly to our banking partner, which offers the kohl's charge credit card. to view the separate kohl's charge credit card privacy policy that describes how our banking partner uses your information in connection with the kohl's charge credit card, please click here. by using the platforms and shopping in our stores, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. back to top types of personal information we collect when information identifies or is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household, we refer to it as “personal information.” kohl's collects personal information from you and about you. this may include: identifying information. for example, we may collect your name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, mailing address, email address, postal address and telephone number, including your mobile phone number. commercial and payment information. for example, we may collect your credit card number and billing address. we may also collect information about the products or services purchased, obtained, considered or returned, as well as other purchasing or consuming histories, behaviors or tendencies. social media information. we may collect information you post on our social media pages. we may also collect your social media profile information. event information. for example, we may collect the date and location of an event you are registered for. information you post or submit. for example, we may collect information when you contact us through the “live chat” feature on our site. we may also collect information submitted in connection with creating an account, completing an application, placing an order or making a purchase, including bank account numbers or other financial information. we may collect information you post in a public space on our site. this may include our ratings & reviews feature. demographic information. for example, we may collect your age, gender and zip code. driver's license information. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may collect your driver's license information. for example, we may collect this information if you return an item without a receipt. device information. for example, we may collect the type of device you use to access our platforms. it may also include your device identification number, browser, ip address or mobile operating system. location information. for example, we may collect precise location information from your device. this may include your in-store location. for more information about your choices related to location information, see the choices section below. internet or other network activity information. for example, we may collect information related to your browsing history, search history and other information regarding your interactions with our platforms or advertisements, including, without limitation, actions you perform (e.g. clicks, mouse movements, keystrokes, entering and submitting information) on the site. usage information. we may look at how you interact with the platforms. if you use our app, we may look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. biometric information. if you visit our stores, we may capture audio, electronic, visual, thermal or similar information with our surveillance equipment. inferences. we collect profile inferences that we draw from your information and web activity to create a personalized profile so we can better identify goods and services that may be of interest. back to top how we collect your personal information kohl's collects personal information in different ways and from different sources. directly from you. for example, when you: make a purchase in our stores (including in our partner-branded stores inside kohl’s stores, such as sephora at kohl’s) or on our platform. make a return or exchange. purchase an electronic gift card. create a personalized kohls.com shopping account. track an order online. sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages (including offers and sales alerts). sign up to join a loyalty, rewards or similar program or club. provide your contact information to our beauty associates. participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests, surveys or focus groups. create or update a gift registry. use the ratings & reviews or related services and features. submit a request to our customer service team. sign up for, and/or maintain, a kohl's charge card. connect your social media account to the platforms. interact with kohl's social media pages. passively. for example, when you: install and use kohl's mobile apps. visit and navigate kohl's platforms on any device. enable location-based features on our platforms. click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements. use the wi-fi services provided in some stores. visit stores; kohl's uses cameras in and around its stores for security, operational and other business purposes such as understanding customer behavior and patterns. receive or interact with kohl's communications and platforms that may contain cookies or pixels. from third parties. we may receive information about you from other sources. for example, this may include receiving information from: our business partners, including online advertising networks and companies that co-sponsor our promotions. social media platforms, including facebook, twitter, youtube, pinterest and instagram. trusted third party sources, such as our service providers, data analytics companies, and tracking technologies to better provide and customize the platforms for you. companies that provide information to supplement what we already know about you, including data brokers. by combining information. for example, we may: combine information that we collect in our stores with information we collect through our platforms. combine information we collect about you from the different devices you use to access our platforms. combine information we get from third parties with information we already have about you. back to top how we use your personal information examples of how we may use your personal information include: business purposes: to provide our products and services. this could include fulfilling your requests for products or services. it could also include processing purchases or return transactions. to improve our products and services. we may use your information to make our platforms and stores better. we may also use your information to customize your experience with us. to understand your interests. for example, we may use your information to better understand what products interest you based on information we collect about you and your household. to respond to your requests or questions. this may include responding to your customer feedback. to communicate with you. we may communicate with you about your account or our relationship. we may also contact you about this privacy policy or our platform terms & conditions, including material changes to this privacy policy, platform terms & conditions or programs in which you may be enrolled. for security purposes. this could include protecting our company and our customers, including providing notifications to customers of any security incidents related to personal information. it may also include protecting our platforms. commercial purposes: for marketing purposes. we may provide you with information about new products and special offers. we may use your information to serve you ads about products and offers on our platforms or on third-party websites and networks. we may tell you about new features or updates. these might be third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. for more information about your choices related to these communications, see the choices section below. to send push notifications. if you use our mobile apps, we may send you push notifications about new products or special offers. additional purposes: aggregate or anonymous non-personal information. we may also use aggregate or anonymous (de-identified) information and share such information with third parties for their marketing or analytics uses. such information does not contain personal information. as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you. we may also use information you provide to us for other purposes as disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent. back to top how we share your personal information information shared by you your activity in connection with the platforms, such as your posts on our ratings & reviews feature or content you choose to share on your event registry, may be visible to other users of the platforms and in some cases, publicly available. please exercise caution when disclosing information in public areas. if you provide any information to a third party while using our platforms, the third party's privacy policy will apply to that information. information shared by us we may share your information in the following ways: internally. we may share your information within the kohl's family of companies. this includes our affiliates. with our service providers. we may share your information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. for example, this may include merchandise vendors and payment processors. it may also include companies that send emails on our behalf. with our business partners. for example, this may include third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business, including kohl's charge credit card. it may also include sharing limited data with partners that have a branded store inside our stores (such as sephora at kohl’s) to facilitate your purchase and participation in a loyalty program you may have with such partner. it may also include a third party that co-sponsors a contest or promotion. with third parties for marketing purposes. this may include third parties in whose products or services we believe you may be interested. these third parties may also share your information with others. these third parties may use your information for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of others. this may include the delivery of interest-based advertising, which serves you advertisements based on your interests and activities on the internet. with any successors to all or part of our business. for example, if kohl's merges with, acquires or is acquired by another business entity. this may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization or other change of control. to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. for example, this could include responding to a court order or subpoena. it could also include sharing information if a government agency or investigatory body requests. we may share information when we are investigating a potential fraud. this could include fraud we think has occurred during a sweepstakes or promotion. we may also share information if you are the winner of a sweepstakes or other contest with anyone who requests a winner's list. for other reasons we may describe to you. we may also share your information for other purposes as disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent. back to top your california privacy rights notice of collection of personal information: kohl's collects personal information as described above under "types of personal information we collect" for the business and commercial purposes described above under "how we use your personal information." california residents can find out more information about their privacy rights below, including a description of california residents’ right to opt out (further explained, below, and linked here). access and deletion rights if you reside in california, then you have the following rights: you have the right to request us to disclose to you, no more than twice in a 12-month period, the personal information about you that kohl's collects, uses, discloses, and sells during the preceding 12 months, which shall include as follows: the categories of personal information that we've collected and sold about you, or shared for a business purpose with our service providers. the sources from which we collected such information. the third parties with whom we've shared that personal information and to whom we've sold that personal information. the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. the specific pieces of personal information we've collected about you. you also have the right to request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from or about you. note that there are some reasons we will not be able to fully address your request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise our rights, for our internal purposes, or to comply with a legal obligation. to take advantage of these access or deletion rights, please contact us by email at privacy@kohls.com, by phone at 855-219-9265, or by visiting the link listed in the how to contact us section. we may request certain information to verify your identity before we can respond to your access and deletion requests. we will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days and will respond to your request within 45 calendar days, after proper verification, unless we need additional time, in which case we will let you know. we will not discriminate against you because you exercised your rights under this section of the privacy policy. categories of personal information disclosed as relevant to the requests noted above, in the last 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose (such as with our service providers who are restricted from using your personal information outside the scope of their services for us): identifying information, disclosed to our service providers, such as billing service providers, email/sms service providers, and customer service and intelligence platforms; commercial and payment information, disclosed to our service providers, such as billing service providers, customer service and intelligence platforms, network security and fraud protection services, and campaign optimization service providers, and to another business at your direction (such as to facilitate your purchase and participation in a loyalty program at a branded store within our stores, such as sephora at kohl’s); event information, disclosed to our service providers, such as email/sms service providers, customer service and intelligence platforms, and campaign optimization service providers; demographic information, disclosed to our service providers, such as billing service providers, email/sms service providers, and customer service and intelligence platforms; device information, disclosed to our service providers, such as network security and fraud protection services, campaign optimization service providers, and cloud data storage providers; location information, disclosed to our service providers, such as email/sms service providers, customer service and intelligence platforms, network security and fraud protection services, campaign optimization service providers, and cloud data storage providers; internet or other network activity information, disclosed to our service providers, such as customer service and intelligence platforms, network security and fraud protection services, campaign optimization service providers, and cloud data storage providers; usage information, disclosed to our service providers, such as billing service providers, email/sms service providers, customer service and intelligence platforms, network security and fraud protection services, campaign optimization service providers, and cloud data storage providers; and inferences from the above, disclosed to our service providers, such as billing service providers, email/sms service providers, customer service and intelligence platforms, network security and fraud protection services, campaign optimization service providers, and cloud data storage providers opt-out requests in addition to access and deletion rights, you may request to opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, and to our affiliated companies that do not share the same brand name, for their commercial use. this means that, if you opt out, going forward, we will not share your personal information with such third parties to use for their purposes unless you later direct us to do so. to effect the opt out, please click on the do not sell my personal information link here, which also is on our website footer. to learn more about submitting a request under this section of the privacy policy, please see the how to contact us section, below. back to top categories of personal information sold as relevant to opt out rights, in the last 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information: identifying information, sold to our business partners and third parties for marketing purposes, such as with data analytics providers, and social media platforms; payment and commercial information, sold to business partners and third parties for marketing purposes, such as with data analytics providers, and social media platforms; device information, sold to business partners and third parties for marketing purposes, such as with internet service providers, data analytics providers, and social media platforms; location information, sold to business partners and third parties for marketing purposes, such as with internet service providers, data analytics providers, and social media platforms; and internet/network activity, sold to business partners and third parties for marketing purposes, such as with internet service providers, data analytics providers, and social media platforms. we do not knowingly sell personal information about persons under the age of 16. agent requests you may authorize someone to make a privacy rights request on your behalf (an authorized agent). authorized agents will need to demonstrate that you've authorized them to act on your behalf, and that they are registered with the california secretary of state to conduct business in california, or must demonstrate they have power of attorney pursuant to applicable probate law. we retain the right to request confirmation directly from you confirming that the agent is authorized to make such a request, or to request additional information to confirm the agent's identity. an authorized agent is prohibited from using a consumer's personal information, or any information collected from or about the consumer, for any purpose other than to fulfill the consumer's requests, for verification, or for fraud prevention. information on requests received during prior calendar year during the prior calendar year, ending december 31, 2020, kohl's received consumer requests pursuant to the rights described in this "your california privacy rights" section of the privacy policy. below are metrics reflecting the number of requests kohl's received and kohl's response to such requests. type of request number of requests that kohl's: median number of days for kohl's to complete its response received honored (in whole or in part) unable to complete request to know or access personal information 32 15 17 (denied for lack of identity verification) 36.96 request to delete personal information 520 95 425 (denied for lack of identity verification or documentation) 9.98 request to opt-out of sale of personal information 3483 2752 560 (incomplete authorized agent requests) 6.35 children under 16 our platforms where this privacy policy is located are meant for adults. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 16, and strive to comply with the provisions of coppa (the children's online privacy protection act). if you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 16 has provided us with information, please contact us at privacy@kohls.com. you can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this website policy. please mark your inquiries “coppa information request.” parents, you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line here to view the ftc's guide to protecting your child's privacy online. back to top security the internet is not 100% secure. we cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. we encourage you to use caution when using the internet. we use reasonable means to safeguard personal information under our control. a user id and a password are needed to access certain areas of the kohl's platforms. it is your responsibility to protect your username and password. back to top storage of information information we maintain may be stored in the united states. if you live outside of the united states, you understand and agree that we may transfer your personal information to the united states. this site is subject to u.s. laws, which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country. back to top links kohl's platforms may contain links to other third-party sites that are not governed by this privacy policy. if you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control. we are not responsible for the privacy practices used by third-party sites. we suggest that you read the privacy policies of those sites carefully. we are not responsible for these third-party sites. back to top how to contact us if you wish to contact us to update your information, please feel free to contact us by telephone at 866-887-8884. if you wish to contact us to submit a request under the california consumer privacy act of 2018, please feel free to contact us by telephone at 855-219-9265, by email at privacy@kohls.com or click here. you may also write to us at the following address: kohl's, inc. p.o. box 3043 milwaukee, wisconsin 53201 if you have any questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at privacy@kohls.com. this inbox may also be used for nevada residents to submit a verified request to direct us to stop the sale of your covered information. back to top choices regarding your information you have certain choices about how we use your information. email: use the unsubscribe link on any kohl's promotional emails. text messages & mobile coupons: follow the opt-out instructions provided in our text message or mobile coupon. mobile application and location based services: if you have previously opted into kohl's collection and use of location-based information through our mobile application, you may opt-out by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. you may opt-out of all location-based information collection on our mobile apps by uninstalling the kohl's mobile application and refraining from using kohl's wi-fi services available in stores. postal mail: to be removed from our global marketing mailing lists, send your request, including your full name and mailing address, to kohl's, inc.po box 3120milwaukee, wi 53201 call customer service at (866) 887-8884 cookies & similar technologies: to learn how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our do not track policy, please click here to view our about our ads policy. back to top changes in policy from time to time, we may change our policy. we will notify you of any material changes to our policy as required by law. we will also post an updated copy on our platforms. please check our platforms periodically for updates. back to top ©2021 kohl's, inc. all rights reserved. back to top connect with us facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube get our app scan the code to downloadthe kohl’s app today. learn more customer service contact us shipping returns rebates recalls product guides kohl’s cash shop kohl’s get 15% off when yousign up for our emails my lists site map store locator gift cards kohl’s coupons my account sign in my account update password order status rewards gift card balance &kohl’s cash balance kohl’s card benefits pay & manage card apply for a kohl’s card see if you prequalify about kohl’s our websites community diversity & inclusion sustainability careers apply for seasonal jobs associate services investor relations affiliate program advertise with us © 2022 kohl’s, inc. kohl’s® and kohl’s brand names are trademarks owned by kin, inc. all rights reserved. android, google play and the google play logo are trademarks of google inc. app store is a service mark of apple inc. legal notices, privacy policy, california privacy policy, ca-do not sell my personal information, about our ads, california transparency in supply chains act.