来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171231201959/https://www.christianbook.com/page/community/prayer-wall
================================================================================

cbd community prayer wall - christianbook.com hear about sales, receive special offers & more.you can unsubscribe at any time. enter email address my account wishlist help email signup cart (0) items checkout welcome to christianbook.com! sign in or create an account search by title, author, isbn, etc. 50% off sale small group bible studies dove award nominees search within all products books ebook music mp3 downloads accompaniment bibles homeschool gift & home dvds christian living children fiction software search bibles vbs church bible study books ebooks fiction homeschool music kids toys gifts dvd bargain bestsellerschristian livingspanish productsmp3svbssunday schoolchurch suppliesbible coversfamilygift cardscatalogmembers browse all products accompaniment tracksbible accessoriesbible coversbible studies & curriculumbiblesbooks, ebooks & audiochurch & suppliescloseoutsclothing & accessoriescrafts & recreationdeals & promotionsdownloaddvdsgift & homehomeschoolkids & toyslast chance bargainsmusicsoftwarespanishstreaming videosubscriptionssunday school refine by drm▼▲drm freedrm protected top rated▼▲1+ stars2+ stars3+ stars4+ stars5 starsprice▼▲$0-$5$5-$10$10-$25$25-$50$50-$100$100 and updiscount▼▲10%+ off20%+ off30%+ off40%+ off50%+ off60%+ off70%+ off80%+ off90%+ off advanced search links advanced search commentary search bible finder homeschool finder song search bible study search our prayer wall the best gift anyone can give to another is to send hope and encouragement through prayer. join us in helping others by lifting their needs to our lord. write your prayer dear heavenly father, please pour your protection upon your children facing these horrific hurricanes, and wild fires. also, comfort my cousin and thier host of familes & friends while dealing with the death of his young beauiful and tanicous son. - anonymous | september 9, 2017 healing dad mom jim anna daivd fred jason jeniffer bev heather rich fred mike sandy cindy sherin john jon chris charlie kelly tom mary joey joel nancy howard jeff jeisse roy jean dennis bary jerry barb candy doug gary linda lucy lonnie bath ken richerd margert. - james h michel, new york | september 9, 2017 dear heavenly father, i pray lord that you wrapped all my friends and family in your arms i pray that you have your angels protect and guide each and every person in the south that is or will be enduring all the storms. i pray father that they all know you as their saviour and pray lord that you guide us in helping and assisting with these disasters. i pray lord that everyone we have caused offense towards forgives us as we have forgiven them and i pray lord that you wash us clean in your name in jesus christ name. father i pray these disasters bring everyone together and it cures all hatred and cruelty for the time is near your time is near to call us home. i love you father and praise you i praise your name for there is only one you non the same. you are my god!!!! in jesus name i pray... amen - alysha broussard, jackson mi | september 8, 2017 father i come to you in the name of jesus.. we hallow your name. i pray that your kingdom will come and your will be done in my life; the lives of my children and grandchildren, and this great nation the u.s.a. our bible clubs are starting and we need more volunteers to help with our afterschool bible clubs in the elementary schools. can you make that happen. i trust and continue to look for it to come to pass. amen - princess | september 7, 2017 please pray for the salvation of my family and for my children as they attend public school. also pray for my health issues. thank you. - nlm | september 7, 2017 i am in search of my first job as a nurse, and i am struggling to find one. - mom of 3, las vegas nv | september 6, 2017 father god, i thank you for the blessings that you give me and my wife daily. i pray for peace and for strength and for healing to be provided for my wife entire body. i ask that heaven would hear our prayers regarding my wife joann healing of her right leg after a stroke. destroy cancerous cells. lord you already given her so much now we ask that you would completely heal her from being on dialayss from kidney failure. you said in your word that you will not allow any of these diseases to come near our dwelling. lord, as you child and because we know you to be the almighty god, we humbly ask for heaven to send blessing of complete and full recovery of her illnesses. you i ask for your forgiveness of anything that we have committed and said that resulted in us sinning against your will, please forgive us. please forgive us anger, wrath, evil speaking, jealousy, bitterness, resentment and hatred that we have allow into our hearts. we ask all of thes! e blessing in jesus name. amen. - donnell miller, columbia md | september 5, 2017 heavenly father, thank you for this day -labor day- i pray for the hurricane harvey families,tx(policemen,hospitalworkers,utilities workmen,military, volunteers, ) lord let us remember how short and precious life is. let us look to you for answers and comfort and hope that only you can give, we pray for our president to make righteous decisions in the days ahead for all america. let us pray and thank you lord for your faithfulness,in jesus precious name,amen and thank you jehovah jireh. may blessings and your love radiant all over this great nation. jesus is lord! - ms.a, ca | september 4, 2017 i pray for a peace and more understanding of god's holy word. i seek god daily in my life. i pray for the blessings of god in everyone life. i pray the god will continue to use me and that i will always continue to lift his name up because he is so worthy. pray a special blessings for my family, my church family, my pastor and anyone who calls on the name of jesus - amen. - margie vaughn, south carolina | september 4, 2017 dear god please help me find a fair job for me and my needs. please a job that does not interfere with my time, hours and days to go to church first and then a job that let me share with my children and family. may your mercy be with us. amen - ana, millville nj | september 1, 2017 lord i was overwhelmed when i saw all these prayer requests. lord forgive me for my selfishness, and that in the power of your name i can overcome this depression that has a hold on me. i lift all these people up to you lord. i pray for peace for them lord and healing in their hearts. there are so many hurts in this world, i thank you that you love and care about each and everyone. that you are working in their lives, even though it might not feel like it. thy will not our will be done in each of our lives. thank you , father, jesus and holy spirit. - anonymous | september 1, 2017 please pray for the salvation, deliverance and emotional healing of paola in miami. pray also that the lord brings spirit filled christian friends into her life. thank you! - juan soler, miami | september 1, 2017 please pray this just like this: father god and lord jesusi in the name of jesus please bring my attackers and the people who stole my phone to justice for 60 days in jail and a new phone tomorrow because i have assurance wireless and they told me no replacement phone. no clergy can pray this down or no chosen or highly favored people either for eternity, plus the people who got my credit card and i.d and try to do awful things to me and try to scheme me out of my blessings and anoitings - anonymous, louisiana | august 31, 2017 hi i would prayer for my son who is locked up that god would keep him he has a daughter that god keep her she is 12, for my family really going though some things and for healing for myself failing kidneys - arlither johnson, newark nj | august 31, 2017 im going through a difficult time and im having a job issues and trying to support my family and please pray for my friend he's over seas fighting for our country and so im asking for your prayers that i can get a job and other issue im dealing with thanks - wendy sauceman, greeneville tn | august 31, 2017 prayer for son and daughter to have a close walk with jesus! - leslie and bill, oklahoma | august 30, 2017 i am please asking for prayer for my husband, family (his and mine), for all our christian friends, especially zeta and clyde who are amazing people. pastor jeff his family, pastor tim his family, for our mothers, our fathers who are in heaven with god, i want to ask for blessings with our marriage, that we will become closer with one another and closer to god, to put a protective hedge around us, to help us to keep walking the path with god and to grow spirituality, bless our children, and grandchildren, to thank god for working in our lives, being there for us, helping us to stay sober, for the food on our table, roof over our heads, positive and amazing people put in our lives, for loving us unconditionally, to forgive us of our sins, and sins in our thoughts, to use us as he wills. thank you, god bless - anonymous | august 30, 2017 please keep me in your thoughts and prayers for success & favor while i go through the hiring process to serve our community as a police officer. i care deeply about serving the community and helping others. i was a 911 calltaker for a few years and now i look forward to living my dream (since i was a kid) of becoming a police officer. a decision is due at anytime now and i pray that those involved in the decision-making process provide me the opportunity to serve as a police officer. please join me in prayer and send some strong ones up with/for me. thank you for your time and all you do. god bless! -caleb - caleb | august 30, 2017 lifting all prayers request as i read through them in jesus name! prayer please for daughter jennifer, in a questionable marriage, and has chosen a dark lifestyle, has nothing to do with us, her parents and brother, now for 7 years. - leslie and bill, nowata ok | august 30, 2017 for my son to get his life together stop blaming other for his mistakes start being the man that god need him to be help him with his smoking - liv | august 29, 2017 i'm believing the father in heaven for every need to be met in his people's lives according to his riches in glory through christ jesus,our lord. matthew 18:19 (kjv)again i say unto you, that if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my father which is in heaven. psalm 69:30 (kjv) i will praise the name of god with a song, and will magnify him with thanksgiving. - margreta, michigan | august 28, 2017 i am struggling with negativity. i now need to start journaling these thoughts and replacing them with positive thoughts. pray that god will motivate me to keep doing it and give me wisdom as to how. - james, duncannon pa | august 28, 2017 please help me in praying for my pregnancy. it is my first and i am still at the early stages. i pray for a beautiful healthy baby, as well for my family to find a church home we can feel comfortable raising our new child in. - christine, canada | august 28, 2017 i pray that god would remove the heart of stone from my son, juan, is replace it with a heart of flesh. i pray that god would heal my body, broken bones, & muscles & make me whole again, so that i can do his will. - cynthia st. andre, lawrenceville ga | august 28, 2017 need help please prayer for me and my daugther miracle and my husband stevie r. he is in prison.need help to pay my bills need a miracle my name is christine rollings.peopls need help here in houston texas need prayer and need jesus christ please keep everyone in prayer we are in flooding - christine bickham | august 28, 2017 for everyone in texas and every place in the path of harvey. - stacey caison, charlotte nc | august 27, 2017 praying for all the members of my church and churches around the world to establish a closer walk with jesus christ our lord and savior. pray for the unsaved, that they will be drawn to jesus and receive salvation. pray for my family's to get closer to god. pray for everyone who has submitted a prayer on this web-site that the lord will answer their prayers. pray for this ministry, may god bless it and it continues to grow. amen. - anonymous | august 27, 2017 prayers for the redeeming grace of jesus christ enter the life of ryan h - anonymous | august 27, 2017 i pray for the memory of my husband which is slipping each and every day... its hard for him to remember scripture or even everyday things.. my husband is only 45 yrs old. i'm afraid it may get worst my dear lord. i need you my lord with all my heart and so does my beautiful husband glenn! please help us in this time of need my dear good lord! we love and adore you.. in jesus name amen - g, alexander, orlando fl | august 27, 2017 dear jesus, please help my daughter laura with every aspect of her life love and respect, her mom, rue - rue s. f., port vue pa. | august 26, 2017 i am happy to pray for any requests.please pray for my church, sunrise japanese church to out reach l,a ,and get own building. - haruko spring iwata, van nuys ca | august 25, 2017 please keep my co-workers in prayer, some need healing in different areas of life. we all need help to effectively provide services to the population we serve. -maggie from ny | august 24, 2017 dear prayer partners, please ,join me in prayer for dear leon who cannot pray for himself! he is in bondage to alcohol and drugs. lord, may you be pleased to help leon, please save him in body and soul! may we see leon in heaven!!! - sabine in ca | august 24, 2017 please pray for my fathers safety as he will be traveling across the us. also pray for my father-in-law and his many health issues. also pray for my sister and her children that there situation improves. also pray for my friends mother and her various health issues. thank you. - nlm | august 24, 2017 i would like prayer for my daughter tanya to want more of god and not what the world has to offer her. she is saved but is not following the lord .also so i can get to michigan to see both daughters and grand children they need their mother . - wanda read johnson, fort pierce fl | august 24, 2017 paula carl and sherri financial miracle/miraculous miracles, - sherri, ky | august 23, 2017 pray that god will rebuke anbd discharge bellevue hospital nurses nurse lorraine and nurse wilson from my family and there other nurse friend too. - ko gir | august 23, 2017 just found out a friend of the family has liver cancer and only has a few months to live. heavenly father please be with her and her family in jesus name i pray amen - paul gray, wv | august 23, 2017 please pray for my kind, loving granddaughter. she loves children and has always looked forward to having her own family. she now has found out she has endometriosis. i ask god to have mercy on her and her husband and to show them the way to happiness. in christ our lord, amen. - grandma, usa | august 23, 2017 prayers for us as we r experiencing many needs in the family.job situations, marital issues in a serious way.deliverence from fear,selfcenterness,etc.god knows,its a lot. - anonymous | august 22, 2017 needing prayer over personal financial situation. needing more work. i am a babysitter and all my children start school in a little over a week and i will lose my income. i have been looking and have 6 people who have inquired about me working for them but nothing has been finalized. i know my god will supply my needs but that human side feels somewhat worried. please pray for work to come my way. thanks. - donna, winston salem n.c. | august 22, 2017 my friends mother was taken by ambulance to the hospital this past sunday with a possible stroke. please pray for her health and healing. thank you. - nlm, li | august 22, 2017 pray for my son jermal who is in an unstable relationship. he feels obligated to stay because they have a child together. let's thank god for their salvation, i know he can. - anonymous | august 22, 2017 i ask you dear father to help our sick sisters and brothers in christ. i also pray for amy and her unknown painful dideasr. father you know the issues and we ask that you would show us you grace and mercy in these prayers. i ask these in jesus.name. amen - marilyn wiebusch | august 21, 2017 bless us all, 0 lord, we pray, for loved ones, here and near, and far away. and everyone for whom we pray. keep us safe each night and day, the homeless who have no place to stay. those who are suffering in any way. the dying, those mourning or grieving and all who need god's mercy. keep us safe, heavenly father, when we are at home, or travelling on our way, or when we are vulnerable, or in danger in any way. most merciful father, hear us as we pray for the souls in purgatory, or who may be sent there some day. - pr. loren snyder, ny | august 21, 2017 please pray for my lower back pain and my left leg sciatica pain to go away and be healed. in jesus name. amen. - anonymous | august 21, 2017 i'm requesting prayer that god will bless me with a down-to-earth strong christian friend who we will understand, encourage and lift each other up in prayer ~ one who is strong prayer warrior like myself and agreeing in prayer to change things around the world ~ - robin, alaska | august 20, 2017 please pray for my children's strength in god through christ jesus to overcome temptation. and please pray for the body of christ and salvation for lost souls. - tonya | august 20, 2017 please pray for: - older christian lady to sell her house, - needs a job - anonymous | august 19, 2017 for sherry, as she fights her final battle with cancer. for our world, as we struggle with violence and intolerance and evil. - anonymous | august 17, 2017 please pray the release of our 8 year old grand daughter from the attacks of the enemy. that she will be able to attend school regularly, in the name of jesus, and get to church. - curtis | august 18, 2017 i am wanting to start up a charity. please pray that everything falls into place and works out for the best. thank you. - nlm, li | august 17, 2017 for my husbands safety strength and sobriety, mine as well. for my daughter's safety as she starts a new school year in the city. keep her focused on school and help her follow the right path avoiding the addictions and mistakes her father and i made. for all of you struggling. strength peace hope and faith. amen. - m .v., d.p. ca | august 17, 2017 asking for prayer for my oldest grandson levi. he is 18 and going down the wrong path by using illegal drugs. this i'm sure is something so many parents and grandparents fear every day. but i serve a powerful living god that heres and answers prayers. please mention him when you pray. god bless you and yours. - anonymous | august 18, 2017 dear lord, thank you for this wall and guiding me to it this morning. please bless the many here struggling woth addiction, loss, distance finances health and every other difficult time, teach them and give them strength to kerp going and to do all that is within their power to use free will with your voice guiding. help us resist temptations and overcome any battles. i ask that you earth over my husband he's incarcerated but doing really well. keep him safe and help him in building his strength and confidence so that when he gets home he excels following your path and not falling back to the darkness before. please give me strength and help me to stay outright hello mr battle my own demons so that i am a strong example so that i can help him not make it harder. help me build a solid foundation an apartment and job so that he sees how strong and capable i am. watch over my daughter as she navigated this new school in the big city. keep her safe ! in her comings and goings. thanks everyone - meghann shrum | august 17, 2017 i'm going through somethings and i'm really needed all the prayer i can get right now thanks - stephanie dobbs, pontotoc ms | august 16, 2017 breakthrough in finances. salvation/deliverance/protection for austin - anonymous | august 15, 2017 please pray for my family. my sister and her 5 children are currently living in a homeless shelter. please pray that their situation improves. also, pray for my marriage and my children. that my husband and i work as a team and communicate better with each other and our children. also, pray for my health issues and that god will heal whatever is going on in my body.thank you. - nlm, li | august 15, 2017 pray for my family that we may seek god in committed manner. pray for me so that the lord will open a door for finances. i want to start my phd program. pray for us that i am effective in god's work. - john, kenya | august 15, 2017 seeking prayer for my marriage, and i and my husband become closer to god, also need prayer for my husband mercury that he is seriously about his walk with god, that he stops being abusive to me, that we learn how to love one another as god loves us.and that i become more christ like, that i can leave the pass in the pass not worry about the future and continue to put god first in every way possible. - michele a g, cartersville ga | august 15, 2017 please pray for austin. please pray for shayne. - marjorie, connecticut | august 14, 2017 requesting prayer for a part time job. i recently graduated from college, but jobs require some experience to be considered for position. i've been a stay at home mom for 15 years due to medical issues of my children. i keep hearing that i'm a good fit, but i don't have any job experience and that was the main reason i wasn't chosen or hired. praying for someone to give me a chance. - susie, nc | august 12, 2017 i pray in the name of jesus christ for justice, in all oppression - anonymous | august 12, 2017 please pray for my parents to come back to the lord. they have fallen away. i am a single mom and i am trying to be a godly parent to me 3 year old son. we currently live with them because i am on disability and have low income so am trying to make arrangements to go back to school and work so we can move into our own place. i feel that we constantly face opposition because we have a divided household and sometimes my son would rather be with them than me. their hearts have hardened somewhat and i wish they would put god first in their lives and want to know him more. god loves us all so much and it makes him sad when we stray. please also pray for healing for my body and a place to live for me and my son, and a career for me. thank you. - sarah, idaho | august 12, 2017 am a alcoholic and a drug addict i need help i need someone to pray for me i can't do this by i need someone to reach out and pray for me - leon m, delaware | august 10, 2017 pray for son caleb that the judge drop the case today - sara, citrus heights ca | august 8, 2017 my family is in need of prayer right now. my husband and i have addiction problems. i have been off and on in my addiction for over 15 years now. i will get sober then relapse and so on. i also have a mental illness which i should be taking meds and i believe i try to self medicate. well i have lost 6 children due to my addiction and i now have 3 more children with my husband and feel i have been given another chance. recently my 5 year old son took off and i couldn't find him. had to get the police involved. they find my son and he is safe. naturally they look at my past. i also a few days after the incident with my son relapse due to being overwhelmed and not being able to cope with many other issues. my husband and i have also been having marital issues and plus behind on bills and etc. today cps came and asked for a drug test. i was honest an let her know that i had used so i had to leave the home. please pray that we get on right ! track and be a family again drug ! free - shelli, omaha nebraska | august 8, 2017 the publisher and his son of my book: beloved, i love you are facing serious legal consequences. and therefore, there are no distributors providing my book in usa or the world. pray that god will open the door for my book because i bought my books in my home and that's all the books. why? the publisher business closed. - sherry leonard, kansas | august 7, 2017 i have a lot of prayers, can you please pray for my best friend juan lopez family he died wed night and he was only 31 he died from health issues and he left behind his 5 year old baby girl! for my ex boyfriend timothy, he is going through a lot, he lost his job, and he is struggling a lot right now and he is knows the lord but lately he is drinking and getting drunk a lot, i been trying to help him. i would also love some prayers, i am the only christian in my family and i want my family to receive salvation, also that god will help me out in college and can pass all my classes, ( i know i am asking for a lot) i would also love prayer for myself for god to keep using me, to make me the women of god that he wants me to be, to show me more of him, and for god to send me a man of god and to prepare me whoever he may be thank you so much god bless - celina lavadie, new mexico | august 7, 2017 our finances. - anonymous | august 7, 2017 salvation for the lost including family and friends, and good health for each one and myself - anonymous | august 7, 2017 hello, prayers for our 3 daughters emalee, heide, mattie to receive jesus as there savior they are not saved but emalee and she has fallen away. prayers for husband to receive jesus, he has fallen away and slowly returning his name is dave, and prayers for me jenny as i pray for our family thank you. - anonymous | august 6, 2017 i am requesting to pray with me for funds needed to fix my grandmother's tomb so i can then bury my mother's ashes in her hometown of maunabo, puerto rico. thank you for your prayers. - iris, salem nc | august 6, 2017 please pray god od recount and redo. revoke all of k prayers and restore my prayer life and birthright. also pray that he keeps k away from my children. pray that i get home, car ,and job and k can't pray this down or destroy this not even other people can. pray through my anointing. - shar-ziesat, louisiana | august 5, 2017 maryann c. in winterhaven, fl, would like prayers to be said for her friend carol h. who has breast cancer, and whose husband was killed in a trucking accident. maryann is requesting prayer for not only her friend , but also for herself for ongoing undiagnosed digestive issues that are causing severe pain. - maryann c., fl | august 5, 2017 i am overwhelmed regarding finances. everything needs to be paid now. i am trying to start bible college and those fees are due now; registration, tuition, book fees, etc. plus all my other bills. i am currently a realtor and trying to renew my real estate license which is getting ready to expire soon. i only get paid commission if i sell a house. i need my job to move!!! lord, please accelerate my business. i need more clientele. praying for doors of opportunity to open quickly. lord, send a huge financial blessing so i can pay all these bills. prayer to be able to sleep tonight. - rosemary gilbert, california | august 5, 2017 i want to thank god that our cat is done with surgery and a tumor on his neck was removed, which turned out to be ok !! praise god and thank him for our pets. he is awesome! - ss, il | august 4, 2017 please with me for a new job. - anonymous | august 4, 2017 pray for blessing over hettie light bill to be cheaper this month in jesus name amen. - hettie, nc | august 4, 2017 please pray 🙏for my grandddaughter alysse, who is expecting her 3rd and last child anytime now that all goes well and the baby will be healthy and a happy baby! thank you lord for all your blessings!!!😇 - janice ward, cols. ga | august 3, 2017 i am dealing with blood cancer for the 2nd time in 16 years. there is no cure but using chemo to sustain me. i am in remission right now. please pray that god directs every step of this journey for me as i trust his plan for my life. peace and strength for my family. - judy c, pa | august 3, 2017 please pray for my daughter and her children. she needs a job that pays better and she struggles with depression & anxiety. i pray that she would give her life fully to god. - anonymous, ct | august 3, 2017 pray for 'dock' h. from goldsboro, nc, who is requesting prayer for his left shoulder. about three weeks ago, he fell off the top step while going out the door of his home and re-injured his left shoulder (the same shoulder that he had hurt about six years ago while serving in missions overseas). - dock h., goldsboro nc | august 3, 2017 i am struggling to find a balance in my faith and have come to a point where i feel lost. i find that my anxiety is worsening and causing me to feel very depressed. please pray that i may find my way. thank you. - alyssa, kansas | july 28, 2017 i ask humbly for prayer to be liberated from physical suffering spanning the years. i also seek wisdom/ and a singular path to know jesus only and to have my life not reflect what i go through, but to have integrity- without religion. may all those who have posted on this site receive the savior's rapt attention and heavenly touch in a way that is undeniable. - alexa | july 28, 2017 prayers for my grandchildren, and my brother three children lord that they will be more loving and caring and see how much their father love them lord touch their hearts, father god cover them from what ever war fare they face.thank you for helping me pray. - anonymous | july 28, 2017 a prayer request for me and my grandfather. i have been physically sick for a month and can't seem to get over it. i have also been struggling with what i think is anxiety and panic attacks and have not been feeling like myself and can't think clearly and have been a little forgetful i just want to feel better and feel like myself again. my grandfather was diagnosed with lung cancer a couple of weeks ago. - amber mcwilliams, eustis fl | july 26, 2017 prayer for our church as our pastor has been away since may, on first a parental leave , now a illness leave after their father past away. asking god to show the pastor and our board if their heart is really here in our community! is the pastor the right person for the hour here or does the lord have another assignment for them? - anonymous | july 26, 2017 prayer for my nephew christopher who was layed off in april, just before his wife gave birth to their youngest child. - shirley stopyra, canada | july 26, 2017 pray for me and my wife. we have been going through a really, really tough time in our very young marriage. pray that we will come to understand god's order for the husband and wife in our home. - anonymous | july 26, 2017 i have a prayer request. my nephew jonathan is going through a tough time in his life. my sister is a believer and is holding on to her faith. we pray god see my nephew through this trial and help him come out victoriously. god bless - stella, albuquerque nm | july 26, 2017 please pray for my relationship to be restored and united stronger for life. and pray that our family will grow without complications or distractions because he has temptations. also pray that he will only give me his heart mind body and feelings and have no other eyes for any distraction. pray for restoration ad healing and for our relationship to go beyond. pray that he will see he hasn't honored our relationship like he should. pray that he and i will have favor in jobs and an apartment. - anonymous | july 25, 2017 pray for my husband and i as we have been trying to conceive for many years. hear our prayers lord! - tiffany, kansas | july 25, 2017 deborah ask for prayer for her sister valerie.... for healing and for placement in the right nursing home. - anonymous | july 25, 2017 devine healing mentally physically to stay on fire for god to be filled with the fire of god and his whole being a touch from god an a visitation and eyes restoration and hearing and finances that had been hindered to be released my sister gail to be healed and the fire of god in my home and to do the will of god with boldness and that god will get all the glory out of my life in jesus mighty name and for my family to know god and to have a passion for god that will never end and for my son jordan that god will deliver him from rage and anger and unforgiveness. - gregory lane, texas | july 25, 2017 please. pray. .for family. thank. you. shelia - shelia bass, tacoma wa | july 25, 2017 i have 5 important unspoken prayers. plus please pray for my poor brother, he in lot of pain (hernia) and needs. money for operation. (he has a copay of $5,000). he wants another job for a lot of reasons . his name is dave s . thank you - glenda martin | july 23, 2017 hello, i will be 59 years old in november. i am all alone. my family has all passed on and i am divorced. for years and years now nothing has worked out in my life. when something good happens it turns right into bad. relationships, friendships, jobs no matter what. i am angry and frustrated because of this and have all but given up. my life is meaningless and my future looks even worse. the weird thing is before my father died the same was happening to him. he was the best man i have ever known and a true christian. i am a christian to have been for many years. it just seems like there has been a curse on my family and like i said i am the only one left. i have no purpose in life and the days are long and the nights are even longer. sorry to be a whiner but every day i don't know if i can even make it through it. future looks worse and i have lost all hope and faith. i have been praying to god to help me for years begging him but nothing ever seems to change. - steve, georgia | july 23, 2017 please pray for my daughter cindy to find a new job with a lot less stress.janice thank you - janice schmitt | july 21, 2017 hello all~~ i received a prayer request this morning for a little boy jax. he has a ,very bad heart condition, with complications. and it is believed that this little one needs a , miracle in order to pull him through. we all know the healing power of our divine physician. thank you - ms. rose, griffin ga | july 21, 2017 my husband died 2yrs ago i'm filling stuck. i need to move forward god has me in my resting place as he healing and restore. im learning my self as single woman and a widow. i want fully understand the direction he taking me in with full understanding and wisdom and peace how to apply it and walk in it in my everyday life.amen - sheila v thompson | july 21, 2017 need prayer to meet eminem n pray with him please - beth, las vegas | july 19, 2017 my marriage is falling apart and i am helpless. i have worked hard to save it but im exhausted. - aprill rose, tennessee | july 19, 2017 please pray for me. i'm an adult who lives with my mother, and a male boarder who is her best friend. she has never liked me being a christian, and now this friend, who is a militant atheist and has even gotten her actually reading bertrand russell. the tension in our home is palpable, and i now avoid them as much as possible, but the situation is beginning to scare me. - kate | july 19, 2017 my granddaughter kayla has applied for an apartment on her on because her old roommate skipped out on her. please come in agreement that she would get this new apartment and continue to be very successful on her new job. - sarah, harvey | july 18, 2017 my grandson dylan met the girl online and is moving in with her. i am a christian and met her once and don't have a good feeling about her. the girl jasmine seems to be in rebellion towards her parents along with other past issues! pray! pray! pray!. - sarah, new orleans | july 18, 2017 daughter robyn moving to dallas and needs an apartment for her and her son. the right school for milan. the right job so she can meet all of her financial obligations. but the most important thing a renewed relationship with jesus. - sarah, harvey | july 17, 2017 i would like a prayer for my other two daughters, to accept the lord as their savior, to know the word, to start to read the bible. thank you lord! - anonymous | july 17, 2017 i need restoration in my spirit and walk with the lord. god to take away completely whats been a burden and troubling me. - kristina | july 17, 2017 please help me pray for our church. our pastor is very sick and we need spiritual guidance in coming in one line of thought and agreement to select the pastor of our church. let's pray that it be for the glory of god's will, that the pastor that comes will continue the work of our pastor who has been leading our church for over 50 years. in the name of jesus. amen - maria, niles | july 17, 2017 please pray for my mother and i am her caregiver but i am not a cna or trained medically she has azlheimers and is getting worse. please pray it will be reversed or she will be willing to pay a medically trained caregiver to help me out. she has the money but is unwilling to pay it. i feel she needs one right now to help me. she doesn't pay me and i don't the money to pay one my self. my mother is extremely frugal. please pray for me and her i need help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sos now - anonymous | july 17, 2017 i am asking you to pray for me and the youth of uganda, kampala. i will be going there aug 23, 2017 for their youth conference. asking for prayer for safety and a moving of the holy spirit during my three weeks there. we must save the children. - dr . melvin motley, painesville oh | july 17, 2017 please brothers n sisters of christ, i ask of you for prayers to father god who can do anything and is everything we need, please pray for restoration n healing and rekindled love in my marriage and for my husband to forgive and let go of any negative things or any bondages that keep him from our lord, i also pray for my children to desire know love obey and honor god and for my family to be whole and united under father god and live for him and let the holy spirit take over within us and make us new in his image and love. thank you so so much god bless you - christine s., douglassville pa | july 15, 2017 i am asking for prayers for me and also for my husband that has a very very bad drinking problem and he doesn't want to accept god in is heart also prayers for all my kids that someday god will touch there hearts to serve god - juana jimenez, michigan | july 16, 2017 remember my family we are going through a lot of family issues. like calling the law on everyone or want the wrong attention. we are praying to find a place of our own. remember me i am in school right now. keep us safe. my husband and i are having mental issues going on to. - rosanna, ohio | july 15, 2017 please pray for my granddaughter she will be traveling oversea's for 3 weeks from today 7/15 to 8/5/17. please pray she will be safe, no hurt or harm will befall her, that she will remain with the group and her health be good. her name is raven. ask god to watch over her and group as they travel, swim, attend class etc. pray that she will be a witness to other young people in hopes others will be drawn to christ. pray she will not compromise her beliefs that she will remain strong and focused, making wise decisions. thanks to all who will pray for her. - dee benjamin, south jersey | july 15, 2017 for god to take everything that doesn't come from him. for me and my family and best friend to be humble and for god to bless us and also everyone who's reading this. also for god to have mercy on of us all. for all us of us to serve god amen. and for me to appreciate my family and good friend. amen!! - jaqueline d, dinuba ca | july 14, 2017 jesus, please help the kid to want to learn to catch up with school and spirituality. thanks - anonymous | july 14, 2017 j needs to get back to god, church, godly friends and counseling. - anonymous | july 14, 2017 please pray for my husband. he is going in for a rather difficult surgery next month. but the kicker is...he has to stop drinking before he goes in. he hasn't stopped. actually, it seems he has drank more. i am very concerned. please lift him up to god for healing of his thyroid and praying that god delivers him from alcohol. he came from an alcoholic background. but has given his life to christ, he just isn't living for christ right now. thank you. - barb shabert | july 13, 2017 i am requesting prayer for a job. i am seeking work in the health care field and haven't been able find one as yet. please also pray for my five years old daughter who have been diagnosed with autism. i love and trust in the lord. please pray my strength. - hilpher, texas | july 13, 2017 please pray for three (3) beautiful russian souls who are members of my church in the united states. they were seriously injured in a house explosion from paint and cooking (toxic explosion) they have dealt with shock, have 60-90% of their bodies covered in 3rd and 4th degree burns, with lungs black with soot, one with kidney failure and another with very serious heart issues. their names are ylia (julia), eugene and ketino . they need blood cleansing, protection of kidneys and heart, healing of congested lungs, and the ability to be transferred to a burn hospital. pray for breathing freely and for excellent caregivers and physicians. thank you for your kind heart and positive decrees for wholeness and healing. much love and many blessings! - anonymous | july 13, 2017 please pray for a friend's daughter leah. she is in the hospital with double pneumonia, a respiratory infection, and strep. they don't think she's going to make it and she's too critical to move to boston, so please pray that she will stabilized enough to move to mass general so she can get the treatment she needs. her lungs are hardening (they call it stiff lung), and we really need a miracle. also, for the family who's been through so much; her parents who take care of her kids for strength and god's mercy. also for her children - to give them hope. - anna | july 12, 2017 please come in agreement with me for stable healthy safe place to live and that god will open up doors of jobs opportunity - joanne camp | july 12, 2017 my daughter's and my relationship. there is a disconnection! - anonymous | july 12, 2017 please pray for my husband. he is going in for a rather difficult surgery next month. but the kicker is...he has to stop drinking before he goes in. he hasn't stopped. actually, it seems he has drank more. i am very concerned. please lift him up to god for healing of his thyroid and praying that god delivers him from alcohol. he came from an alcoholic background. but has given his life to christ, he just isn't living for christ right now. thank you. - barb shabert | july 12, 2017 i need prayer of agreement for my daughter and her two young adult children, kayla and dylan. robyn my daughter wants to move to a new city for a new start in life. kayla and dylan wants to get an apartment with dylan new girlfriend jasmine whom they have only know a few months. i don't have a good feeling about any of these situation. asking for gods divine interventions in both of these situation. they all need jesus to speak to them, my 10 years old grandson may have to move to a strange place and a new school. god your will be done amen! - sarah | july 13, 2017 grandson dylan being deceived by the devil. break ungodly relationships ! let him walk in his calling. daughter robyn rekindle her relationship with god, get in a good church and meet godly friends. god send her a godly husband. - sarah | july 10, 2017 request pray for myself cause on may 24 i had bad accident in my truck with broken bones for me. still in therapy to get back on my feet and baring weight wont start till july 19th please pray that appointment on july 19th goes good for me. pray for me also in a unspoken reguest and thank you all for your prayers - anonymous | july 10, 2017 god bless you dear prayer warriors and your families for always being there when we need you help in sending petitions to send to the great throne of god! please!! please!! always keep adeline and the family that god has blessed me with on your prayer list...please list it as unspoken because god already knows! please pray that god will make me younger and prettier, please pray that god will heal me from the inside out...please pray that god will help me to stop smoking cigarettes, this is my last deadly addiction! of course i will give god all the praise and glory! please pray that god will add more and more long healthy years to take care of god's son ethan who is nine years young, please pray that god will grant ethan his wisdom for ethan because he nine and in the 3rd grade. ethan is praying that god will promote him to the next grade because ethan is autistic and failed the 2nd grade...kids always make fun of him and bully him because of w! eight and height, he is not a little boy! - anonymous | july 10, 2017 prayers for my husband for strength to quit smoking he is having a really hard time he has many health problems the heart & lung doctors told him he has to quit..he's trying hard but this is difficult for him..he has been praying..thank you so very much for your time & prayers..god's love & blessings always. - sheiliah, alabama | july 10, 2017 prayers for my husband for strength to quit smoking he is having a really hard time he has many health problems the heart & lung doctors told him he has to quit..he's trying hard but this is difficult for him..he has been praying..thank you so very much for your time & prayers..god's love & blessings always. - sheiliah, alabama | july 10, 2017 things get better for me at my job. block all obstacles. co-workers, customers and i get along fine. i am given a better position, and better hours at my current job. bless me lord. in the name of jesus. amen. - val, charlotte | july 7, 2017 birthday wish and prayer: be able to dream of my beloved son isaiah and be blessed with his love. mommy misses you. sunrise: october 11, 1996. passed away april 12, 2015. - valerie, charlotte nc | july 7, 2017 please keep me in your thoughts and prayers for success while i go through the hiring process to serve our community as a police officer. thank you and god bless! - caleb | july 6, 2017 please pray for my family to love one another and come together. pray for god to continue to help me raise my 5 children each day. also help me get through the struggles of life. please pray for me and my children to receive a financial blessing, not only to help our current situation, but to be able to sustain it. please pray for our president to make some choices and do right. pray for all of my neighbors to be sweet to me and my children. please pray for all the people we converse with in church that they will have a loving, helping spirit and not only show love to us, but show love, talk right and give from their heart. please pray for everyone to be in excellent health. thank you so much. god bless you all for your prayers:) - sabrina, chesapeake va | july 6, 2017 prayer for my family. my mother and step father, my children latasha, fred jr, antoine and tamara, granddaughter, sanaa. prayer for their spiritual, mental and physical well being. also, financial and employment, school for sanaa - mary | july 6, 2017 personal prayer, wisdom for retirement, finances, spiritual wisdom and discernment, church ministry - anonymous | july 6, 2017 praying for daughter natasha, for lord's wisdom & guidance as she is out of college and presently working with a youth ministry, out of her zeal to serve in suitable role in ministry (she is honours graduate of english literature). we the parents submit our prayer to our lord to guide her & grow her in mind,body & spirit into a happy, loving & joyful christ faithful person. - pradeep & valentina ivon | july 6, 2017 i am requesting prayer for kristina b. and her family. she is a wonderful woman of god who gives herself to others in need. please pray that the lord heals her. - anonymous, phoenix az | july 6, 2017 god will open a door for me to minister in a church setting and a community that no man may close in jesus name..amen - melody | july 5, 2017 in the name above every name, i ask for prayer brethren for my financial breakthrough. i have been stuck in this small pit of shortage and lacking. the word says god is our lord who redeems our lives from the pit. nothing is to hard for him. - godfrey, germiston south africa | july 5, 2017 i pray my husband will overcome any negative things in his life and find a fullfilling career and being ok with just a job until god says its his time for his career. - brandy, ontario | july 2, 2017 pray that my son and i can find an apartment that is reasonably priced, in a good neighborhood near his work and in a short period of time. - mary n, colorado springs | july 2, 2017 praying for a miracle....because i know that only god can fix this....and i know he is capable. praying for his favor, for peace, for love, and for mercy. also, praying for our family in this great time of need, and for the grace of god to be abundant. - anonymous | july 1, 2017 thank you heavenly father for the divine gift of life. for all these who are humbly coming before you in prayer, we stand together against the enemy when we stand for you! thank you for binding up broken hearts! thank you, dearest jesus, for restoring homes and families!!! thank you for setting the captives free in jesus name!!! love you sweet jesus - anonymous | july 1, 2017 please pray for salvation, for hearts to be changed by the holy spirit that god's will for salvation will reach all lost or tepid souls; especially benjamin p. gratitude for the precious life of david a. j., may our lord grant him mercy and salvation for his glory, for his name sake. thank you. k. - karin passmore, great barrington ma | july 1, 2017 asking for prayer for my church, as we continue to grow in the lord and follow the direction that god is taking us. we are moving into a larger building that need a lot of renovations and we are applying for a renovation loan. help us in asking god to open doors and hearts that we may be approved for this loan. - anonymous | july 1, 2017 i'm losing faith, lord. i know you exist. i know you have helped me before, saved me from fatal situations. i know that you always do what's right for every situation. but i can't feel you. i don't know that you're here, that you hear me. i feel alone, lord, when i can't feel your presence. my best buddy is in a bad place, mentally and physically, the physical causing much stress and depression. my own health is not much better, but i am in need of healing for him, lord. hear me, lord. please heal him. i've lost too much to lose again. in jesus' name, i pray!! amen - anonymous | july 1, 2017 my name is asaph.i am host of a new television show "music with asaph" we did a pilot premier that got picked up by a broadcasting service and if we get funding we will be able to do this new show every week my prayer request, i am asking god to provide the funding for this new show, and make it possible to air this show, and introduce it. maranatha - music with asaph, montana | july 1, 2017 please kindly pray for luis b. of rochester, new york to find and do god's will for his life. pursue god first. then do god's will for job, career, housing, clothing, and a right god mate for him. amen - anonymous | june 30, 2017 to request prayer for phillip andrew buffalo ny to find clean, safe, affordable place to live in buffalo, ny to find good stable employment, clothing, food, transportation. amen - anonymous | june 29, 2017 prayer for son romex buffalo ny for him to find christ and godly people in his path. to have help with shelter, clothing, food, employment, transportation, money and grace. amen - anonymous | june 29, 2017 he is a pastor i need to give god more revelations and patience - daniel, minnesota | june 27, 2017 i need to strengthen in my faith and more grace - daniel, minnesota | june 27, 2017 i'm asking with all my heart that someone would pray for my kids, my health, and my relationship. i am trying so heard to make all things right but could really use some parys please. thank you and my god bless you all and also be with you in your time of need. may he wrap his arms around you and keep you all safe. - anonymous | june 25, 2017 please bless the lonely and brokenhearted, give them peace in the midst of the storm. you can make it!!! - sherry, texas | june 25, 2017 dear god: please guide my husband home. please keep him safely in your arms until we meet. i truly love your son, father. please send him home safe and with his ... - anonymous | june 25, 2017 i am standing in place of my sister she had a stroke a few weeks ago and she is not doing well. the devil is got her mind please say a prayer for her mind and her body. also pray for her husband. arnold and juanita . - anonymous | june 25, 2017 please pray for the lord to continue to give me peace and humbleness of mind in jesus name. also praying for the lord to save my siblings in jesus name. - anonymous, austin tx | june 25, 2017 my son is nine years old. i know god has great plans for him one day. as a result though i feel he is under great attack by the enemy right now. please pray that god will so permeate his thought process that there is no room for the enemy to be there. please pray for him to feel the peace of our loving father! he is our little evangelist. he truly wants to tell everyone about jesus. his father and i both have seen things lately that we know he is under attack. thank you in advance for your prayers! we really appreciate you! god bless you!! - anonymous | june 24, 2017 please pray for my marriage that is greatly struggling at this moment. - anonymous | june 23, 2017 dear lord, please pray for our friend steve who is battling pancreatic cancer. please pray for a complete recovery. also please pray for louise for a complete healing from her bleeding problem and other medical needs. also pray that nick is offered the job that he interviewed for a few weeks ago. all things are possible thru jesus. precious holy name. we stand on all of his promises. all praise and glory are his amen. - anonymous | june 21, 2017 please pray that the lord will grant healing to my sister carolyn. she has been suffering for a while now with cancer and it seems to be taking a toll, but we know that with god all things are possible. and, if he doesn't grant healing we know that he can. - johnnie mae, florida | june 21, 2017 hello lord its me. i just wanted to thank you again for all the blessings in my life. good times, bad times, i am grateful for my life! praise jesus! i pray to you that the world finds you before its too late! you truly are the one who guides our lives to the way to the truth, the light! i am humbled to have god in my little speck of life. thank you ! in jesus' precious name! amen. - sonny r | june 19, 2017 pray that my husband can find a full-time job with benefits. he has two interviews this week. pray that the lord will direct his job search. - kathy | june 18, 2017 lord, i pray for my mum. she needs a strong revelation from you. she needs conviction of sin and i pray that she might know your salvation before she dies. - imke, germany | june 17, 2017 dear heavenly father i pray that lord will give me calmness, and patience and the faith to know everything will work out in his name for his good. i pray that the children i teach and the ones that come to visit my church will see christ in me, and will want to know him. i am under a lot of pressure lord, please take all of it off my shoulders and give me peace like you always do. i pray for my church lord in all your ways direct our path. in your sweet name jesus amen - chaundra, nashville tn | june 15, 2017 our holy father, god almighty, healer, lord of lords, creator of all things in heaven and on earth. lord god, hear all these prayers lord. god help us all. give us all the strength we need in this fallen world lord. father we pray for all the lost that they would come to know jesus. comfort us god, guide us, oh father god pour out your holy spirit upon all. we pray for your protection lord in these changing times. bless your church father. lord we pray for healing. father help us lord to keep you at the center of our lives. we thank you jesus for what you did on the cross. holy god we bless you, we praise you and worship you. so many hurts lord god. jesus come soon lord. in your beautiful name we pray amen. - anonymous | june 15, 2017 my prayer is for my husband - to remain faithful in the lord and his own hard work. mentally, physically and spiritually, he is tired. my husband lost his job last year and was unemployed for 10 months. we used our savings to keep us going and are still feeling the repercussions (he is currently working a full-time job and a 20 hour part time job) the light at the end of the tunnel is coming in september/october when he receives his first commission check (he is a new home build real estate agent) but these next few months are still very, very tight with a few past due bills. prayers for strength and faithfulness are greatly appreciated. - anonymous | june 15, 2017 lord hear our prayers. lord pls heal my skin and miraculously grow my hair so i may go outside again. pls heal my financial burden. pls god protect us. - anonymous | june 15, 2017 prayers for my little cousin jhay r. while she continues to fight leukaemia. may she continue her strength and fight hard against this horrible thing. she is having troubles breathing and has fevers for which she will be having surgery to eliminate fluid in her lungs and some in her heart. please heal her jesus!! - anonymous, ka | june 15, 2017 i am requesting a breakthrough for my daughter who as passed her exam but i need her to be transferred to a better school that will be able to assist in proper molding of her upbringing and and is also closer to home. prayer for her behaviour she is 12 years old with bad attitude. - dede, jamaica | june 14, 2017 for my blood test to show only heathy blood cells. and for my diabetes to be in control. - beverly bethune, adelanto ca | june 14, 2017 please lift me up in prayer so that our precious lord will heal me physically and mentally. to restore my memory and to place his loving hands over me and the business i am hoping to start. in jesus' holy and mighty name. amen. bless u and thk u. - vera | june 13, 2017 please lift up in prayer, terri g, that our precious lord and saviour will perform a miracle and rid her of the pain and suffering she is experiencing with the cancer in her body, in jesus' holy and mighty name. also, comfort, peace and patience to her family, friends and brothers and sister's in christ. your will be done sweet lord. amen. thk u. - vera | june 13, 2017 please pray for my husband joseph who needs surgery on both his knees. pray for us as we are in bad debt and need to get out of debt. pray for my sons, donald who needs to start using his prosthetic legs. donald & ray (my sons) need to stop drinking and smoking. also for ray and my other son joseph to stay with their wives. - anonymous | june 12, 2017 please pray for me to become an awesome women of god. pray for me to start a successful business. - toi | june 12, 2017 my husband passed away 3 years ago..he was in the vietnam war...its been 3 years he been going...yet my spirit is still hurting.. - darcy thurlow, maine | june 12, 2017 please pray for my sons girlfriend stacy for her epilepsy and pray she will not need surgery. pray her mom gets the mental help she needs. pray for my sister consuelo that she will beat this cancer and feel better. pray for my nephew as his best friend died suddenly today. pray for ezequiel jr that he will contact me and remove the blockage that keeps him away. pray holy spirit comes upon him amen. - nena, buffalo ny | june 12, 2017 i need the grace of god in my marriage. i am getting overwhelmed by the demand of my husband concerning finances. i have two kids and i feel like giving up due to the hurts i face - anonymous | june 9, 2017 i pray for direction, clarity, wisdom, and guidance in all decisions. - anonymous | june 9, 2017 i need a new mind and heart with a refreshed soul and spiritual and mental protection to keep going. christ jesus our lord bless you all. - francisco, california | june 8, 2017 i ask for the healing of my community. we have suffered over 15 gang related deaths and are in fear. i ask for the wisdom of our lord to guide our leaders, police and other officials. i also ask for our protection, and the protection of you lord that our children do not entertain being part of these gangs. i especially ask for your intervention in making our streets safe, while making sure our police are safe.. lord we need you. - anonymous | june 8, 2017 i pray for the continued work that the lord is doing for my family. for strength and for the blessings of all that can be for my son and his wife and new baby. for understanding and patience and to keep learning. that my faith may be renewed..for the intervention and healing that has happened and its continuance for my daughter. i pray for the courage to continue to heal, i am loved. amen - sj, brentwood ny | june 8, 2017 i'm almost done writing a book on prayer. please prayer with me that it will be a blessing to readers. also that the publisher i'm leaning toward is the right one. - anita, columbus oh | june 8, 2017 i am in need of prayer for my husband. we got married this year on january 7th. well about a month ago we were sitting in mcdonald's having lunch together before i went to work. after we got our food we sat down & did not say much. i started talking to him about tithes & offering, i paused to take a bite of my food & he randomly says he thinks he's either struggling with his faith or has lost it. i been praying for him in the last week or so because i can't get those words he said out of my head. he doesn't want to tell our pastor yet so all i been doing is praying for him & talking to him about it here & there. i feel like my praying is enough or the encouragement to him is not helping. so i am asking for prayer for god to remember of who he is & that god will lead my husband back to him & bring him closer & that god will give me the words i need, the patience! i need to have while i wait for my answer to my prayers. - anonymous | june 7, 2017 prodigal daughter's salvation and deliverance from alcoholism and anger. she'd return to the lord, and follow his will for her life. asking god to put a hedge of protection over her. she's homeless and in difficult circumstances. god grant her protection, direction and his minister's to surround her. - julianne, tn | june 7, 2017 requesting prayer support for spiritual warfare in his place of employment. - robert, yucaipa ca | june 7, 2017 prayers would be appreciated for my friend who fell in 2016 and has been in and out of rehab and hospitals since then, she needs strength in her legs so she can walk and return to her home., she is also on dialysis. i trust god, and know he is a healer and provider. i also need prayer for my health and finances, also for salvation of unsaved family members and friends. praying everyone on the prayer wall will have their requests granted according to god's will. - cynthia, pennsylvania | june 6, 2017 for god to soften jennifers heart so she may know him, for restoration of the relationship between my grandsons mom and me so i can spend time again with my grandson. - anonymous, san ysidro ca | june 6, 2017 god we pray for a miracle of healing for my friend josephina please, for god healing hand over her body. and for a peace that surpasses all understanding. - josephena, san ysidro | june 6, 2017 i pray lord that life's day to day challenges will become easier to handle around people that seem close minded towards me because i am mentally challenged. i know that you jesus will always except me no matter how hard life gets. i will always look up to you. i pray for those who don't always understand others differences. - dana s., california | june 5, 2017 please uphold 48 year old colleen c. faithful born again christian with chronic even hourly lower back pain. her husband is an ordained pastor and a military chaplain. he is away training for 12 days and largely unable to be in touch with the family. thanks*our father bless you thru christ jesus.*romans 11:33-36 ! - anonymous | june 5, 2017 as we continue to pray for this nation and the president but don't forget to pray for the missionaries whom are out doing the work of god and many are suffering for his cause ...i pray that many come to the knowledge of christ well this is my request and thanks who reads this lets unite in prayer for each other will do grow in faith and in strength.... - pagan, pa | june 5, 2017 that i will be able to move my arm as i did before, that father god would heal me in jesus name. -thank you family (body of christ) for all the prayers. - jennifer collinson, toronto | june 5, 2017 prayer for financial increase, and that i would be in contact with someone again soon. her name is marie.been about two years since i seen her. thank you all for praying! - brian, decatur il | june 5, 2017 thank you jesus for the life you have given us and for everything we have. i would like to pray for my husband so that he can have the heart of love and to support and care for me and my son according to the word of god. we pray that the spirit of unfaithfulness, spirit of lies and spirit of alcoholism be banned from his life by the power of the blood of jesus and the fire of the holy spirit. give him the courage to wake up everyday and be thankful for the life you have given him and to let go of pride and false humility as your word requires him. and for my son so that he be more obedient as per your word and that he gain the confidence and will power to study at school and respect other students and teachers. i say this prayer in the mighty name of jesus. - fabiola, seychelles | june 3, 2017 dear jesus, i need your help. i am in great pain, i lost the love of my life. i do not know how to overcome this, i do not know if i can see him again, i do not know if he still love me, i do not know why all this happened, why he died, i do not know, my soul broke into pieces, i need your help. please help me, in your name, amen - shangyu, saskatoon | june 2, 2017 dear god, will you propel me to new heights, new experiences, a loving family, new friends and acquaintances. help me to find a church that i can grow in spiritually & mercifully. i love & believe in the lord with all my heart. in your name, i trust & abide by your wishes & guidance. i live my life in accordance with your guidance. thank you. - lovell | june 2, 2017 i pray, our heavenly father to guide me in the best methods of homeschooling that will engage the brilliant brain you have gifted my son with as well as music and baseball. help me to do your will and your plan for us, always staying in prayer, scripture study, devotion and quiet time in listening to you. help me to raise him up in the way he should go and nurture within him a great love and devotion to you. i know his special needs are meant to inspire and are a means to you. give me patience as a widowed mom to always do what is in your plan for him. i pray this in the mighty, most powerful name of our blessed jesus. - donna walton, michigan | june 2, 2017 dear jesus i am very happy that i am up and about and getting my work ready thank you so much for answering my prayer's.please i pray my lesson's are lite and i will be able to let go of the weight i carry,please help me to find franny ,i pray father please conclude this in a way of ease,change the heart's and mind's of the responsible parties,my supreme prayer is she is found and laid to rest next to me in the place she belongs. i am so grateful for all you have giving me please help me to put this to rest and to be completely forgiving and that stay's with me.i pray for a clean heart,mind,body and soul.please i pray help me to continue with my work in all thing's and do a good job.i pray please for the incarcerated,may the innocent go free and and heal and the guilty turn to you and heal.i pray for the homeless,those in need of medical,those who are hungry and in need of shelter,the animal's too,may they all be uplif! ted in every way and there need's met.i pray for everyone i said - andrew | june 2, 2017 prayers for my finances for affordability of my kids christian private school and increase to be able to help others attend as well. - tw | june 1, 2017 dear lord, please pray for my family. help us to find peace & solitude; become more like you in everything we do & say, keeping our biblical principles in our hearts & minds, in hopes that all enemies, liars & thieves will be removed from every aspect of our life. protect us from the racism, discrimination, harrassment & ostrasization, we experience from our families, neighbors, businesses, churches & the community. help me to find employment for my children to further their education. help us to keep our home from the hoa that want us to move. keep us in your prayers in all we do & say. i ask for strength as i embark on a new path in my life. give me guidance & wisdom to let me know i am doing what you would want me to do. i only want to do what is pleasing in the eyes of the lord. - lovell woods gamble, montgomery al | june 1, 2017 father god please forgive us for we know not what we do to ourselves, nor too one another. our mouth speak hurt, pain, towards the very people whom we love and believe are to love us, mothers, daughters, fathers, sons, and all the generations that follow. help us, teach us, guide each one of us into a healing of our family as once again whole! we ask your forgiveness and we as family repent for our sin in these things! all glory, praise to the king! - mz. jazjoy, texas | may 31, 2017 please pray that the lord would restore my faith. restore my home and job. and that i can continue to distribute my book of encouragement to shelters across the country. please pray that the ebem ies assignment would be canceled today! - kb wins, los angeles | may 31, 2017 i am requesting prayer for john a recent retired vet. he is having major knee surgery and i would request that you would lift him up in prayer that all goes well. also that god would touch his soul and his heart and that god would break down his hardened facade that the world and military has molded him into. - anonymous | may 30, 2017 i pray that god would open me up to others, that i would live in his confidence when i am in group settings and that i would not be afraid to speak up, share myself, and be confident that i belong in community with others. i ask that his spirit would take me out of myself so i can live in relationship with others that he has directed into my life, allow my voice to come out of my head and i would allow others into my life, that i would believe i am worthy of friendship. - justin, roseville mn | may 29, 2017 i have been feeling at a loss as for what to do, moment by moment. direction as well as want for getting my obvious tasks accomplished - aimme, victoria | may 26, 2017 thank you for praying for my request. i need to be made permanent, teaching english at a school district close to my home a.s.a.p. i will be mentoring new teachers and i want to be a proper mentor. also, pray that god gives me supernatural favor and health and financial blessing in jesus' name amen. - anna | may 25, 2017 i pray, dear lord, that you watch over my daughter who is incarcerated and living a desperate life. i pray that the good lord will keep her strong and keep her faith so she can continue to pay each day with a heart that is full of love and confidence. i pray that the board of pardons will see that she is ready to be released and resume her life taking care of her daughters.... - victoria, utah | may 24, 2017 i ask that god direct my path and bring answers to my circumstances and guide me to make the right decisions - anonymous | may 23, 2017 unspoken prayers for healing for husband with stroke and afib - anonymous | may 23, 2017 please pray for my husband and i. we are both in a low point individually and are striving to not stink deeper. our relationship is strong and the issue are not between us. we just need a little extra support to remain strong individual and not sink into mental health issues. pray that we can look to god for strength and remember he is there even when we can feel him. - anonymous | may 23, 2017 i have had this very bad wound on my neck for almost two years, i have been to six doctors and they have given me all types of creams and pills and i cannot get the wound to go away. my last biopsy came back neg. thank god for that. however, i cannot stand this wound on my neck any longer, it very sore and cannot turn my head the right way i am very sad and lost where to go for help - pam, stephens city | may 22, 2017 father lord, i thank you for your unconditional love, your protection and i thank you for the cross. lord i know i'm a sinner, and i ask your forgiveness, please forgive me lord jesus. i recently joined a good bible church and i'm learning so much about you lord,and i hope to understand you as well as your ways.i was never good at prayers but now little by little i'm getting better at talking to lord. thank you for putting that person in my life to show me your ways my lord. lord jesus i ask that you look after my family,protect them, love them and bless them as you have always been all this time. let no evil over power our life but let your love proclaim us. no evil deed shall come to pass, as you lord jesus of nazareth are mighty and powerful. lord send your angels to come and protect us from any evil spirit, enlighten our ways and guide us. i pray this in the name of jesus christ who died on the cross to wash away my sins. amen. - heshey, namibia | may 22, 2017 a friend lost her baby recently and she is dealing with anger and grief. please pray for her! - meghan, nm | may 22, 2017 this is very my first prayer wall. im not really good at pray. i've known for years and recently, many many sinner in myself and my bad experiences. i really need your help. sometime, i do not believe in you and at same time i've finally read some of bible without my wife or family/in law. i knew make bad mistake. i don't know how can i fix? i have miss my wife and i wish, there have time travel but i cant..i reason i have you. i ask you forgive me for my behavior and my wife and her family. i'm truly sorry for everything and i will understand. i love you father and holy in hand son. god bless all of you.. need more sign and teach me god of word because i'm so ready to learn and listen god of word.. and amen. - jj, brooklyn ny | may 20, 2017 hello everyone! please pray for our family. we have been going through hard time! our mom is suffering from dub my brother and i are jobless struggling to get through my elder brother's family is also going through hard time please pray that god delivers us from this situation - anonymous | may 20, 2017 father god, thank you for all you have provided for my family and the healing i have walked through. i trust that you have called me to move with my sons out of my dad's home and into a (specific) rental house nearby. i see no way to provide finances for this move. please make a way where there seems no way. i am trusting you fully with this. in jesus' name. amen - kaitie, coulee city wa | may 20, 2017 the man i love said he never wants to talk to me again because i reached out to his mom to tell her i'm praying for her and her husband with facing her husband's cancer. my heart is breaking and i don't really understand why that upset him. please pray he will understand i didn't mean any harm and will still talk to me. thank you. - anonymous | may 18, 2017 lord i pray you would soften my husbands heart and show him forgiveness as you have forgiven him. i pray you would show him the way back to his family to be the husband and father you called him to be. thank you for the victory lord! - anonymous | may 16, 2017 please pray that my brother charlie will get a call soon about a job. my daughter robyn needs a good job. please pray that god will send courtney and robyn godly mates. granddaughter kayla looking for a new job. dylan needs a car. - anonymous | may 15, 2017 divine favor in my life and for my family, as we serve the lord. - sally, california | may 14, 2017 dear papa, i ask you to please renew my first love for you and that i would love my husband and see him through your eyes. also, that you would answer the prayers of so many here because you are love. you are the kindest and most faithful person i know. - anonymous | may 14, 2017 please pray for our marriage & family that seems to be falling apart fast. i know i'm not suppose to worry and to give it to god, to have faith and trust in the lord but this is hard. - tara, toms river nj | may 13, 2017 please pray for my son and his wife who are living a fast life. a lot of alcohol in their life and wife says they no longer are church going people. my sons father died at 45 from a massive heart attack and long family history. they still live and work in their college town, lots of friends but not christians. - betty | may 10, 2017 please pray for susan after having brain surgery. she is depressed and partly paralyzed and unable to do her personal care. she is someone who is always taking care of others and a very happy person with strong christian beliefs but she feels defeated now. please keep her husband charles in prayer too as he is her care giver. - betty, maryland | may 10, 2017 please dear father watch over our little family and give us strength to face tomorrow. you know the trials and struggles we are facing. thank you for answered prayers and the belief that the struggles and pain of this world is only a temporary condition. please touch the lives of all of the requests that are listed here and to remember that you love us with an everlasting love and we all really need each other. thank your for your care and comfort. - anonymous, michigan | may 9, 2017 i need you to pray for my role model :who had lost his job because someone accused him of something he did not even do ,you all may know him from his show "call of the wild man" - christina cook, ky | may 8, 2017 i pray for healing following a surgery for a friend with complications as a result of diabetes. i pray for complete healing and that god restores her life and her sons who grew up without their father since they were 2 and 1. i pray that the lord heals her oldest son of diabetes as well. - anonymous, new orleans la | may 6, 2017 we are starting a new bookstore that will be at local events throughout our community and perhaps expand nationwide or beyond in time. who knows what god will do, but we feel it is he who is leading us into this new adventure. we certainly appreciate the bargain pricing on this website and have found a nice selection on prayer for all ages and some classics, too, from within our generation that i ready many years ago and were instrumental in my walk with jesus. please pray that we bless the people we seek to serve, that we be guided clearly by the lord in our implementation of what he's called us to do, and that in all things jesus be glorified in what we do, what we share during encounters with customers and that when we pray for them, people will be touched. thank you for your help getting us launched and fruitful! - kristine, rockford il | may 6, 2017 i am going through a chronic spiritual slumber due to discouragement, and wounded spirit. i need to get back to my first love and becoming even more thirsty for the things of my lord more than ever. - anonymous | may 6, 2017 someone i know of has a one year old daughter who has cancer in the eye and the cancer is pushing out her eye. the dad is name james and the mother is about to lose her job because she's not there she's with her daughter, of course. this family is going through something fierce and i tear up when i think about it, this could happen to anyone of us - christine ries, wi | may 6, 2017 please pray for our church revival event on the 18th,19th and 20th of may, that god will glorified himself and that his holy spirit will fill that place and for god to prepare the heart of those that will hear the word of god. amen - patty | may 5, 2017 our father, i give you glory for always taking care of our finances. as you know lord we support three families. i ask for your help again with our finance to continue our support. in jesus name - julie hemenway, louisiana | may 5, 2017 please lord heal my brother, eddie from liver cancer. if that is not your will, please comfort him until he goes home to you my lord. in jesus name i pray - julie hemenway, louisiana | may 5, 2017 i pray that we may find strength in gratitude, courage in faith, conviction in pure purpose - anonymous | may 4, 2017 please pray for my sister who has breast cancer and my mom who is suffering from depression and illness. please pray for my husband and i as we continue to mourn the loss of our daughter in an auto accident and raise her son. pray that we can continue to raise him in the way of our lord. he has accepted jesus but he's only 8 so there is much he doesn't understand. pray for our holy spirit to guide is in raising him up and he accepting the teaching. thank you very much. - donna, pennsylvania | may 4, 2017 please pray for me, i have had more drama in my life than i need . i have a very jealous family member. its too much to bare. - olivia | may 4, 2017 a prayer for pets those who have pets that are blessed a prayer for them - anonymous | may 4, 2017 i have been very, very slack in my christian walk lately and need prayer that i show some sort of progress in coming back to my first love which is ( jesus christ ). i need help and understanding and prayer. - wanda brown, east orange new jersey | may 4, 2017 my husband of 20+years was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer 2 years ago. after treatment & surgery, he went 6 months "no evidence of disease." last november, the cancer returned in his left lung, liver and abdomen. he will undergo the first of 2 major surgeries on may 16th. please prayer that god will guide the surgeons hands as we begin this process. to complicate matters, in february my daughter and i were in a life-threatening car accident. physically, she had only minor injuries, but i was ejected from the car and miraculously survived. i spent 17 days in the the hospital, and am still currently disabled and going to physical therapy 3 day a week. our daughter, however, was driving the car and is suffering severe ptsd and emotional trauma (in addition to previously diagnosed bipolar, depression & anxiety). please pray for her healing, as well. we serve a mighty god and i know that he is bigger than any of the mountains currently standing in our path. - christopher, niki, & kaylee, dallas tx | may 3, 2017 that my family would be saved and come out of the jehovah witnesses - anonymous | may 3, 2017 salvation for family, friend & our entire nation that don't know jesus. over all healing in my body my heart & all the issues relative to all my illness going on in my entire body pray i be healed & made whole in the precious of jesus - loretta jackson, mississippi | may 3, 2017 please pray with me to ask our lord to please give our son steven the strength and courage he needs to get through this terrible and hurtful divorce he is going through. please heal his hurting heart and suffering and may he find peace of mind very soon. please father bless him and keep him in your loving care. i ask this of you in the name of your son jesus christ. amen - t j, arizona | may 2, 2017 first a blessing, i finally after over two long years of being unemployed and disabled finally got ssdi with medicare and medicaid. i had fallen in jan and was in the hospital,12 days with a broken hip, sprained shoulder, and bruised ribs. i had no insurance and really wasn't prepared for medical bills. i was living on credit cards and was in debt to my eyes. with medical bills i was looking at about 85000.00 dollars. but god supplied, medicare was active in december of 2016 and medicaid active in january 2017. so i was able to pay off credit cards and help a friend get her car fixed. now for the prayer request, my brother has cancer non hodgkins lymphoma and tcell. he's being treated but its a difficult one to cure. he's 57 and has a wife also ill with a debilitating brain disease and she fell and broke her hip and is in rehab again. then when i was up in ma las nov. i find out my nephew is married to an atheist. please pray that christine finds the true loving god. - mark dp, florida | april 30, 2017 i pray for all the struggling addicts out there like me. may you find your way to sobriety and the lord can help if you ask him to. - anonymous | april 30, 2017 my prayer is for milli she told me she was lost i pray that gods will be shown to her she is and awesome woman and an awesome christian she is my friend - mike, mattoon il | april 29, 2017 please pray for me. i thank the lord for fees in first semester in a christian university. pray i a fulfilling job with god income in order to provide for my needs eg fees, rent ,food and those of the needy. pray too for strong faith and fruitfulness in christ,for a born again loving god fearing spouse whom together we can serve the lord and raise a godly heritage and that i'll fruitfully disciple younger women. pray too that the dream of starting a mission school will come to pass and the lord will provide & meet all the needs of all students ,staff and volunteers there. all these for god's glory. - susan, africa | april 29, 2017 pray for healing of my aunty who has arthritis - susan, africa | april 29, 2017 i pray that god will send me a christian soul mate who can bring more love, joy, peace and prosperity to my life, someone who i can love fully and who can fully receive my love. someone who loves you and we can love and worship you together. - anonymous | april 27, 2017 pray for my marriage and family (children). personal restoration and my wife's forgiveness. - anonymous | april 28, 2017 father god i first want to thank you for all you've done, i pray that you will guide my family in the decisions they make, we are in a new state and i know you haven't brought us this far to leave us, lord keep your loving arms around my family here and the ones that couldn't come with us. lord we love you, we need you,please protect the hpd and dpd departments and the truck drivers, the babies that are sick. all blessings and honor and praises go up to you, lord in your holy name i pray. amen - anonymous | april 26, 2017 i ask for god's understanding, patience and guidance as i work to overcome the challenges that have came along. i also thank him for all of the blessings he has also given me during this time. - sam, iowa | april 25, 2017 i pray that your sincere, loving , questing prayers may be answered and that we all find ourselves at jesus' feet in peace, joy, and divine protection and ready to return home to him and our heavenly father. i am grateful for the goodness and faith of the petitioners on this site. you give me strength to press on. - anonymous | april 24, 2017 please pray for a family in our church who lost their 10 year old son to cancer 3 months ago. i can only imagine the pain they are going through and my heart aches for them...especially the mother as i am a mother of 3 grown daughters and i honestly do not know how i would handle this, if i were in this situation. - lisa, nc | april 24, 2017 thank you for praying for ted to be set free from unclean spirits, long term alcoholism and undiagnosed mental illness. may he soon and very soon meet with god most high and be set free from his sufferings. may he come to know true love - the love of our father god and his precious son, jesus christ. - michelle, california | april 24, 2017 please pray for me. i have to go through jaw alignment surgery so my new teeth can fit into my mouth. i am so very scared! i'm worried that something will go wrong. i have received second opinions and both doctors agree that it should be done. lord take into your hands. - sandra hood, astoria ny | april 23, 2017 god save eric- please pray for eric's salvation. pray god will break all the chains and set him free! - al, maine | april 23, 2017 i pray for my prayer to be favorably answered that god walk with my husband and me into where we will go may 31, 2017, and empower my husband and me to walk out free to love each other in a way pleases god forever. amen - anonymous | april 23, 2017 please pray that i pass my texas real estate license exam and that i am successful in real estate. please pray. thanks so much for your prayers and god bless you. - michael, frisco tx | april 22, 2017 please pray for my family, our marriage and that love and intimacy will return to our marriage. - anonymous | april 22, 2017 that my family would be more united in christ. may all strongholds be removed. - anonymous | april 22, 2017 our son camdyn's salvation and tiffany's heart - anonymous | april 22, 2017 please pray for my mother in law deanna l. who has kidney failure. also my mother and father who is fighting diabetes. also my self who is fighting sinusitis and a pituarity tumor. please pray for my spouse to bring his heart closer to the lord. - maria, abilene tx | april 22, 2017 church home for me, to understand the bible, to know god more and become closer than ever before and to have the energy to finish school. i'm a believer in jesus christ and 21 years old (young woman). - anonymous | april 22, 2017 please pray for healing for my son who was involved in an automobile accident in september 2016 and is still suffering from the results of head injury and unable to provide for his family. bless him with healing and provisions beyond our imaginations and bless my household as we provide for his household. god is able!! prayers of the righteous avail much!! - anonymous | april 21, 2017 please pray for the tear in the inside of my body and my ear inflammation in the right ear. thank you - anonymous | april 20, 2017 a home where much love can be found. salvation for all who may enter into the lords loving arms and into his kingdom. in jesus name - anonymous | april 18, 2017 please pray for my son matt as he is having a very hard time with anxiety, i ask you lord for complete healing in jesus name, amen. - anonymous | april 18, 2017 please remember a team on a mission trip to haiti. may god use them in a mighty way as they address the needs of the people of haiti and spread the gospel of jesus. - anonymous, alabama | april 18, 2017 for my 7 year old great-nephew, joe who has had seizures since he was 6 months old...praying that the lord will lead his medical team the wisdom and guidance to "fix him" as joe believes... - joyc, louisiana | april 17, 2017 please pray for a friend j who is going to get out of hospital soon. he is in need of a job and old court charged dropped, so he can have a fresh start with his life. - anonymous | april 16, 2017 dear heavenly father please hear my prayer and forgive me from all my sins. help guide me to where you want me to be. give me the strength to do your will. if it's your will let me get restored to my family. i miss my wife and sons so much but only you can change her heart towards me. please protect them and everyone in this world from violence ,terrorists ,diseases and help us all rebuke the evilness in which we face everyday. let us spread your word forever and share the love you so easily showed us. in jesus name. amen - eddie f, texas | april 15, 2017 pray for a successful treatment of cancer for t.dipietro and return to good health. pray for return of good health for t.boghosian. - anonymous, massachusetts | april 15, 2017 dear lord, keep my husband in your guidance as he is fighting a heart disease. he is not getting enough check ups and treatments to get him the correct medication. please hold your hands over him that he is not getting worse with his illness and send your blessings his way. bless all the people who are sick and misguided and stand with them and if you have a little bit of time for a blessing for my daughter and granddaughter, my son, my mother, my siblings are you and myself i would be grateful for that. thank you. - elisabeth jorgensen, california | april 11, 2017 pray for my family and for the world peace. - yani, puerto rico | april 11, 2017 i am praying for god's will in this situation. i am praying for the mental and physical safety of my 2 children. we are currently going through our 4th child custody trial. please pray for strength for me as i prepare the necessary documents for the april 17 determination court date. i am struggling with this and time is running out. please pray for strength and endurance for me. please pray for my attorney in the matter as well. (she is also a fellow believer) please pray that the truth be revealed and the children are able to come back home to me. please pray for favor in the eyes of the court. pray for the magistrate as she makes the appropriate decision on this matter. please pray for god's hand and protection in all of this. i really need to get this paper work together for my attorney. i appreciate your prayers. thank you so much. we serve a mighty god and i know through him all things are possible. - anonymous | april 10, 2017 i pray for my husband to be free from strong holds of alcohol. i pray for deliverance and his salvation in the mighty name of jesus. son freedom also - anonymous | april 10, 2017 i have been diagnosed with a lymphoma near my pelvis. it was to be a watchful waiting situation since i had no symptoms. however, i developed blood clots in my left leg and the tumour surrounds an illiac vein. i was admitted and put on blood thinning meds to deal with it. now i inject twice a day blood thinners. i have also begun to receive radiation treatments. the tumour was discovered when i took a fall inside a church on christmas eve while taking a picture of a fellow worshiper. i think our lord is telling me something. i have been teaching the bible to 7th and 8th graders for four years now. i put my faith in our lord and want to continue to teach the kids. most of the other teachers are not comfortable teaching the bible so i get them all. i only wish to serve our lord for as long as he will allow me to.i ask for prayer to beat this cancer. may god bless you. - john, albany n.y. | april 8, 2017 please pray for our nephew martin blackwell. he was in critical condition from a car accident. he is being sustained by our lord's loving-kindness and tender mercy. he is beginning to receive multiple operations. thank you. "i will sing of the mercies of the lord forever; with my mouth i will make known thy faithfulness to all generations" (psalm 89:1). - susan and michael byrne | april 8, 2017 debt forgiveness of student loan debt and approved to receive social security disability. also, please pray book god told me in 2012 to write, "i lived through it," about my experience with depression will be completed this month in april (i keep falling asleep when i should be writing) please pray, too, that the holy spirit will continue to guide the writing and editing according to god's purpose for the book. - gloria ann terry | april 7, 2017 i lost my husband in jan.having a hard time with this his name was jim my name is donna we would have made are 43 year of marriage july 15 everyone keeps telling me it will get better but i can't see it happening please pray, donna - donna diamond, arkansas | april 7, 2017 i'm a 26 yr old man and i'm beginning to lose my hair. it is causing so much fear and anxiety. i am believing for god to fully restore my hair and bring complete healing. - anonymous | april 6, 2017 dear god of all gods i ask for true love to return to my life and complete financial freedom from these chains of bad luck. i also pray for my children and grandchildren for their safety and to be blessed. may you give me the financial means to care for them so as they want for nothing anymore. and dear god may you give me a doctor that will help me with my pain as i suffer day and night may i get an increase in my medication to where it was 2 years ago. amen - kenneth, montreal | april 5, 2017 please would you pray for my girlfriend aida and myself fritz that our relationship and love for each other goes according to gods plans and is a huge testimony please would you pray for my business and finances that they prosper thank you god bless - fritz kochs, south africa | april 5, 2017 i pray for myself in healing from my addictions and i pray for the willingness to open myself up to god's graces for that healing. i pray for god's intervention when the devil comes calling me to disrespect myself and my creator. in jesus name i pray. - g, az | april 4, 2017 lord, i pray for my family, and friends. i pray that you would bless me with the house that you want me to have to take care of my 92yr. old aunt with alzhemiers. i pray for our politicians, lord i'm asking you to forgive me for my sins of omission and commission. asking you lord to touch my aching body, put a shield around my children keeping them from evil, harm and danger in jesus name. amen - t. alston, maryland | april 4, 2017 i ask that the prayer community to please lift me up in prayer. i'm very motivated and am not stagnant at all in my prayer, personal, church or work life. my biggest struggle has been ongoing health issues that appear to be lupus but still in the determination phase (only officially diagnosed as a high ana level and inflammatory disorder). while believing for healing and restoration, my health has continued to be compromised. recently i've developed shingles. it is frustrating still being in my 40's and feeling so limited. i have just received my masters degree and work full time so i keep plugging away yet the fatigue often feels like it weighs me down. my faith in christ's healing continues and remains. thank you all. - anonymous, new england | april 4, 2017 i pray for my son (lc) that he is healed from his addiction and i pray for the mother of his daughter (mm) that she finds healing in her illness as an adult child of alcoholics; that they both find and embrace the love of god and live according to his will. in jesus name. amen. - gc, arizona | april 4, 2017 pray for marilyn's mother, alice, who is dying in the hospital and also for comfort & strength for the family at this time. - marilyn, albany ny | april 3, 2017 please pray for my fiance, his teenage daughter, my teenage daughter, and my 2 younger daughters. his daughter isn't taking the beginning of our blending family very well. we were so close when her father and i were dating, but after the engagement was even lightly brought up to her by her father, she totally disconnected and now says she hates me. it's breaking my heart more each day but i also know she's hurting too, i just don't know what else to do to so she's not so hurt about the blending of the girls. keep praying for sure and i know prayer works when gods people join together in prayer. my appreciation in advance. this is my first time to join a prayer wall, i will pray for you all as well. blessings to you, my brothers and sisters in christ - carla, lee ms | april 3, 2017 please pray that i will know how to listen to god? i am engaged, and is this god's will? he desires the lord yet he says things out of context for good marriage, so i am afraid.he desires the lord, yet will he be faithful? so, he says he is faithful, yet may the lord show me - cindy cote, prince george | april 3, 2017 please pray for return of good health for my husband and myself. - mary barrington, ludington mi | april 3, 2017 for my mom, her cancer is coming back, and my finances. - cindy, b.c. | april 3, 2017 i have been standing in faith for all the lord has prophesied to me about my children being saved my grandchildren many things, so please pray for me thank you, i know this is the year of the lord, - angie, oklahoma | april 2, 2017 i made mistakes on my job, bad habits. the union is fighting to get my job back. if they take my back, i drive well and do excellent work. if not, god opens a door for me. i don't know where or how. i am fighting a little depression/guilt for not doing better. - jan | april 2, 2017 husband to be a godly man and leader in our home with a heart for the lord. i pray for him to come to know jesus in a timely matter, much time has passed. - anonymous | april 2, 2017 pray that i get my new apartment and my stolen item like my television and golden cross pendant get replaced. i get enough money to pay my bills, get an new automobile, and pay my rental deposited. pray for my health and my family. thank you jesus christ as i pray for yours, as you pray for me. in jesus christ name i pray amen! matthews - ms. angela l. barrett sn, oh | march 31, 2017 our dear friends husband is very close to death from stomach cancer, please pray that if there is no miracle that jesus will come and take him soon and end his terrible suffering - anonymous | march 31, 2017 god is a waymaker: , lord please help us, if it be thy will in our matters of the heart so we might live in a fulfilling meaningful life in your will! - steve | march 31, 2017 dear lord please bless my son body from head to toe take all the pain out of his body, & keep the shield of protection all around him, no harm is to come against him. please bless him with mercy and grace. let everything work in his favor. speak to his heart, help him to stay focus, please father as he travel to visit family keep them all safe. stop anyone that tried to come again him thank you father in jesus name amen - james t | march 30, 2017 i am taking a class through the business economic development center. god "wrote" the blueprint to my christian store 20 years ago!!! i am asking prayer to keep my mind steady. i see god moving through it all, and i don't want to get over anxious or over excited. also, i (by my own means) can not finance this, but again, because i see god moving, surely i know he will bring it to pass. just keep me in prayer. thank you and god bless you. - catrice otengo, virginia | march 30, 2017 please pray for my sister, patty, she has stage 4 copd. she is having a very hard time breathing. she doesn't get out of the house much and uses all her energy to breathe. dear god, please help me. my heart is breaking and it is hard to watch her suffer. amen - anonymous | march 29, 2017 please pray for this depression to fade. i am in rehab and feel scared for my future. i need a new change and can not go back to where i was because i know i will drink again. - anonymous | march 29, 2017 my 91-yr-old dad has been hospitalized with chest pains. he is in the icu, but they say he did not have a heart attack. please pray the doctors will be able to find and treat the problem. he still has a ministry as a bible teacher. - sandy ann | march 29, 2017 that i will receive god's forgiveness and grace and show me a better way to live and to pray for myself and others and my family and children and grandchildren that we may become more loving and forgiving towards each other...amen - julie ann, conyers ga | march 28, 2017 i have one more prayer request, i work at a hospital, and i am a contactor, i am a medical supply tech. i would like to become a permanent employee of the hospital if not at the hospital where i am, i pray in another hospital. because i do not want to be a contractor forever. i have been praying to god about his for a while. thank you - valerie kennedy, augusta ga | march 26, 2017 please pray for me. i just had surgery on my knee, and i pray for gods healing, i also pray for my family. and i also pray for financial blessing, i have so many bills because of this surgery, among other things. and i pray for more meaningful relationship with the lord. - valerie kennedy, augusta ga | march 26, 2017 please pray for my son that he will surrender to god. for god to change his heart and for my family so that we may find strength courage and wisdom in the lord as we go through this storm with him. - susan, canada | march 25, 2017 please pray for my son in law damian he needs jesus. he has forbidden me from seeing my grandchildren and never wants to see me again. please pray for my daughter vicky who is in the middle of this. she needs faith and a deeper walk with christ. she needs protection and salvation. please pray for gods will in little ethan & baby grace's life too. - linda | march 24, 2017 that our son would be delivereed from the bondage of addiction. (omar) - wendell, memphis | march 24, 2017 dear lord: please bless my wonderful mom for all that she does and has done in my life. thank you that she does not need to go into the hospital over health concerns. thank for my loving church family. thank you for office services staff at my job who make my job easier to do. please pray for me to continue my healing from many years of abuse and depression. i humbly ask god to bless all the people on this praying wall. amen - sandra, ny | march 22, 2017 most merciful heavenly father, it is you that i seek in my ministry for the many who have lost there way and are now incarcerated in our prison system. i pray for each of them an that my ministry will be a beacon of light to all who will listen to the word of the lord.i also pray lord that funding for your work will be found. peace be with you all - rev. georgeredbear, ohio | march 22, 2017 please pray for janet who is having spinal surgery in three places. she was given a lead time of six to eight weeks before she can have it. she prays that she won't have to wait that length of time, or, that god will heal her supernaturally so that she won't have to have the surgery at all. she asks for peace and strength before, during, and after the surgery, and that the faith of others will be strengthened through this trial. - janet, colorado | march 22, 2017 i ask that everyone will pray for my relationship's with my daughters. that the lord will lead us back together into loving and respectful relationships together. - lori ann, upper penninsula of michigan | march 21, 2017 father, you know my mom accepted you as her lord and savior, she is not trying to live for you at all. please father, change her heart, help her to understand what you are all about, love and forgiveness. thank you papa for all you do for us! you are such an amazing father and i love you so very much! - cindy, oregon | march 21, 2017 heavenly father, thank you for this day. i love you and thank you for everything youve given us. father i pray for our attorney and the judges that will be hearing the appeal for my husband. my husband is innocent. i pray for the truth to be shown, i pray for financial guidance through this time. in jesus name i pray, amen - anonymous | march 21, 2017 lord i'm praying that my unemployment is approvaled, and that i'm able to find a better paying job with great benefits, with hrs. monday-friday. i'm trusting and believing - sandra | march 20, 2017 pray for our marriage, for my son and daughter in law, adoption, prayer for my nephew and future wife wedding, prayer for my sister health and in need of a home this week, they are living in a one bedroom hotel in need of a 4br house very reasonable. prayer for our church and membership. prayer for my children's salvation. - gloria, texas | march 20, 2017 i call to the body of christ believers to pray for me and my sister for a new home to house parishioners as our current least has ended and we are seeking for a new home for ministry in atlanta, ga. - pastor c, atlanta | march 20, 2017 please pray for our daughter donna-may who is in emory university that god will first of all draw her closer to himself and give her a deep vibrant relationship with him. then pray for her continued success as she pursue a initial nursing career leading up to medical school. pray that god would use these careers for his honor and glory - janet b, virgin islands | march 20, 2017 pray 4 my friend j.w. family and business and me! thx.! n god bless. - anonymous, wisconsin | march 20, 2017 lord, please heal my son and me! we are desperate for you! anonymous | march 19, 2017 i pray for strength and guidance. restoration in my marriage with god first. - anonymous | march 18, 2017 i have a girlfriend in india that is a follower of christ. please pray that i am able to go over there from america and marry her. her name is jhansi and my name is stefan. - stefan prins, usa | march 17, 2017 please pray for my son d start working and find the right girl in his life, have happiness and prosperous life together, i have been praying for him day and night for so many years, and nothing seems to be working, please help. please pray for my business do well, i am suffering inside with anxiety, worry, failure, help me please. please pray for my husband that he doesn't have cancer. i cannot take this pressure in my life when i am 66 years, please help me, i am crying for your prayers. thank you - anonymous | march 17, 2017 lord i just simply ask for peace lord. for myself and my family! i have struggled with addiction for 10 years now. it has torn my family apart! and my little brother is headed down the same road. lord help me to overcome this addiction. help bring me and my family back together as one again. help us to all learn to love and forgive again. put us back together. and most importantly i have two small children who i adore and love very much and would love to be with! i suffer a lot with regret and pain, for missing so much! please lord help place me back with my children! for they mean so much to me! my son bryan, we talk about you all the time lord! he strongly believes in you! and i love more than anything in the world, to teach him about you! i am crying out for you to help me! i am weak, i need you more than ever! i give my heart, my soul, every bit of me to you! i do believe you died on the cross for us, i believe in the word of the bible, i believe in you lord! repair us, amen. - jennifer lynn bashford, morhead ky | march 17, 2017 please pray my daughters will forgive me and start talking to me again....in the name of jesus. - bryena, mo | march 17, 2017 dear father i need healing in my body please heal me thank you my lord maria - maria, san antonio tx | march 16, 2017 please pray for strength and healing for bruce and francine from oregon. francine, who has parkinson's disease, had a bad fall at her home last night and is facing back surgery. she misses the way their marriage used to be before she got sick. - anonymous | march 15, 2017 oh lord god i pray for a spirit fill husband-companion to support me in my ministry unto jesus and give us a blessed team and partners so we win souls unto the kingdom of god here in san diego and where you lead us lord. in his service, - evangelist ednah augustine, san diego ca | march 13, 2017 hello my name is christopher allen brown. i have a thyroid tumor and the operation will be thursday march 16th at 10:30 am. would your church please pray for our lord jesus christ to heal me. first noticed symptoms on my birthday last year november 26th. - christopher allen brown | march 13, 2017 please pray for me i am truly standing on the word i worked for my mom she passed and i am working hard to get through it yet at the same time i have lost my income and on top of that i have gotten sick and i keep getting these headaches again my stomach is not holding any food much all my bills is due i am believing god for a miracle 2 help me its just so much going on i am just calling on god to bless me - bridgett, kalamazoo | march 13, 2017 i would like to lift up my friend tom b. for prayer. he is on the wait list for a lung transplant and has been given less than a year of life if he does not receive the transplant. please keep him and his wife, sylvia, lifted in prayer. - anonymous | march 12, 2017 lord jesus, i pray to you today because my son henry isn't doing well. i ask you to please cure him from ocd and his anxieties. he lives in fear and lives a life of isolation. he dreams of returning to school one day. he wants to play and have friends in the 5th grade. he wishes to live freely and not in fear. also i ask you to please calm his mind so that he can focus in his school work. he wishes his adhd also be cured. jesus i pray to you everyday, and everyday i ask for the same thing. please heal my son. i trust that you will. i love you very much. your daughter, tiffany lee quintana - tiffany, miramar fl | march 12, 2017 1) prayer for wisdom while working a job i dislike, 2) the ability to show god's love while at work, 3) healing for my marriage that has been damaged by my husband's substance abuse, 4) a better paying job that allows me to spend more time serving at my mew church home, and 5) a clear understanding of what ministry areas i should need helping with at church. - sandra | march 11, 2017 please pray for wisdom for my husband and i as we seek how to respond to our adult daughter's arrest for shoplifting. we have decided not to bail her out and she will be angry, no doubt. there are going to be a lot of costs, both financial and relational. we need comfort and wisdom and our daughter needs to grow up. - priscilla, jacksonville fl | march 11, 2017 must get out of debt in 2017. i know your prayers will help. - pattie, raleigh nc | march 9, 2017 i pray heavenly father that you touch this page and all prayers be answered as you say that you will do in your word. i come to agreement with you and them that the works of the devil not be allowed against them. i pray for joy and peace and love among all the believers and the bible says to serve one another in love, so let have a servants heart, in jesus name amen. - faith | march 8, 2017 please pray for me to let go of the hurts of 2 divorces and trauma. i also need your prayers for serving and reverencing our heavenly father for coming back to him. i want to serve him so much but i feel sometimes that i am falling short. also pray for the lost. it makes me weep with so much pain. i love you all and i am blessed to be a part of god's family. thank you. - nancy, iowa | march 7, 2017 lord; jesus, lead me and you away from all that the doctor wrongfully recommended to remove the staff infection and mursa infection from our shared body temple. please render these maladies weak and ineffective to cause any more harm in this body. this prescription is risking health beyond healing. it is unorthodox even as to modern practice. please heal all wounds caused by this path traveled because of this doctors recommendations and side effects. and, please forgive me for any over and above miss use of such. i love you lord; with all that i am able up and to this point. thank you. lord jesus. psalm 91: 11. - robert, sacramento ca | march 6, 2017 i am seeking prayer in the direction of serving the lord. i also need prayer for a job, i am a contractor and my jib is ending and i need guidance so i can choose the right job.i am also praying for a husband, i desire to to be married.my family is in turmoil and we need restorations as a family. - sdw, atlanta ga | march 6, 2017 several...young mom with cancer over her body, with husband 4 young children; young mom ebony just lost 7 yr old son go brain cancer; ive been assigned to evangelism ministry at my local fellowship need direction from the lord - marsha stephens hurd, wdc | february 28, 2017 hello,please pray that god would bless me with great wisdom thank you! - anonymous | february 28, 2017 they say that "god never gives you more than you can handle," but please god hear my prayer now and give me the strength to find some hope. - doug, pennsylvania | march 5, 2017 pray for me please i have health problems,back,hips,legs thank you - anonymous | february 28, 2017 restoration of our relationship with our daughter. she feels our faith is antiquated and does not want us to be an influence on her children. it has now been almost 12 years that she has avoided any contact with us. the pain feels like it was yesterday. - anonymous | march 5, 2017 please pray for me without ceasing.i need a lot of prayers and miracles.my sister stole the money that can be used for the medical and treatment of our father who was terminally ill. she with my brother instead wanted our father who was terminally ill that his life be terminated, rather than given treatment. until finally our father passed away, my older sister never cease slandering me.i was without a job when i had to take care of our father. i am very poor after our father passed away.i need prayer in order to obtain employment and recovery from illness. i also want to have a charge to complete my studies at the university without any problems. although i've been a long time don't attend study since does not have a charge. - anonymous | march 5, 2017 iam trusting god for a miracle of restoration in my marriage,my wife just told me that she has lost the affection and the feelings for me but i know that this is the scheme of the rvil one,i pray that for god's name sake and for the great testimony he shall restore us and bless us with many more years. - langa, south africa | february 28, 2017 i pray for a heavenly place for me alone with god in my heart where nobody can ever see me again or speak to me again and i pray for it right now to happen because he is a right now god,and i pray for my brain to be as sensitive as a new born baby that those not have no memory of anything anymore jesus i pray to be born again in a holy priest communion. i pray that god washes all my sins away and everyone around have a pure white mind about me in the name of the christ jesus. in the loving memory of mizell o.myers sr.died december 10,2016.amen,my late son .,eric dawayne hailstock. - cecil lamonte mclaughlin, danville va | february 28, 2017 to please keep our family in prayer. my mother has leukemia, lost her job, and my dad turned back to drugs after almost 10 years clean. currently my mom, my 8 year old daughter and myself are staying in a motel instead of home. hoping intervention on monday! we are crying out! - theresa s, visalia ca | march 4, 2017 must jesus bear the cross alone and all the world go free? no, there's a cross for every one and there's a cross for me! lord give us strength to bear these crosses and become more like you everyday! thy will be done! - sugg, almont, al | march 3, 2017 i see everyone here has as great or greater needs than i. i pray for everyone here lord that you hear their prayers and touch them as they need. i also pray for myself, you know my heart. thank you lord that we can come to you in prayer and ask- you said if we don't have it's because we don't ask. we give you all the praise, honor and glory... - anonymous | february 27, 2017 praying for my son and daughter in law who are expecting first child ..a boy..that all is well. doctor has told them possibility baby has downs syndrome and heart problem...please pray doctors wrong and all is well...anything is possible with god - anonymous | february 27, 2017 i am at a job where i am extremely unhappy. pray that god would open a door for new employment where my gifts and talents would be a blessing and appreciated for what they are; a gift of god!!! - enrique calo jr., nyc | march 3, 2017 please pray for my grandson who needs a job. he has been unemployed for months. he is depressed and has no close friends nearby. needs god to intervene. thank your for your prayers. - susie | february 26, 2017 please pray for me to break my addiction. it has kept me in bondage & from being truly happy & free. i'm grateful to know god never leaves me. that is helping. this is my first time truly opening myself up. i'm not in denial i know i am an addict. i want to break this chains by the blood of jesus & share my testimony to so many others! please father god don't let me slide! - jodi, mi | march 3, 2017 i have an extremely important profession exam to take on april 22nd that will determine my career and my counseling career. national counselors exam. please agree with me in prayer that i pass this examination thanks - monica bacon | march 2, 2017 please pray for my family and i ,we would like to minister to the orpans, and animals,we need a lot of space ,land ,dwelings, and provision for this ministry,healing for my husband. thank you god bless you . - annie, san marcos ca | february 25, 2017 please pray for my stepson charles as he is struggling with puberty and doing things that are unacceptable. praise god for his love and goodness and grace. - bill, new york | march 1, 2017 first of all praising god for everything he has done, is doing and is to do in my life. i am praying for each request on here and ask to add that gods complete will be done in my life. that i grow closer to him daily. that i demonstrate god's power and wisdom in all that he has me to do. that i am a witness and a light to others and that i am able to bring heaven to someone's earth. god bless each and everyone of you in jesus name. michael, arkansas | february 25, 2017 pray for mike and diane lost their 17 yr old son mark due to 2nd heart attack mike just got a dui due to mark diana is grieving very heard about mark they have 7 children now thank you so much god bless you * kay wooding, south bend | february 24, 2017* my mother's having problem with inner ear... please lord help her recover. also don't forget my health problems lord, there are a few that need your attention! - anonymous | february 24, 2017 i'm seeking prayers for guidance and direction as it pertains to relationships; please pray for my daughters that they will make wise decisions and live and uncompromising life unto god; i'm praying for continued provision where there is no more lack and that god may propel me in ministry that will impact for good and turn others to christ through my speaking, teaching, singing and daily walk; lastly that my family will be saved and that god will save and restore my moms mind and health - anika, california | february 24, 2017 please agree with me in prayer for clear direction. the lord spoke to my heart in 2014 that a certain gentleman would be my husband. i need the lord to show me what to do from here. the waiting is so hard. i have been praying, fasting, reading marriage preparation books praying for my future spouse and just allowing the lord to mold me. its been a very precious time but also a very trying time. i know god is faithful and in his time he will move. to everything there is a season a time and purpose under heaven.. - denischa, massachusetts | february 24, 2017 pray for my family my daughter that they would turn back to the lord my grandchildren my husband stop smoking pray for my walk with will stay strong my grandsons off of drugs get a job god bless all of you in jesus name - anonymous | february 23, 2017 my grandson is in junvenile detention because he is 15 and has stolen cars. his mother is in prison for the next year too. please pray for him that he recovers from all of this, i am worried. - deborah, phoenix | february 22, 2017 pray that the lord send healing for my sister,brenda. she has been having heart problems. her heart is beating too fast. pray that her health be restored. - richard, ky | february 21, 2017 first of all i would like to thank god for saving my soul. and i pray for of your request that have been made and will be made. i lso want to pray for our courty for all it is going through. now i would like to ask you to keep me in your prayer. i had a stroke about 4 years ago and lost use of the right side of my body. it has been hard for me. i have caregivers 4 hours a day but that does not seem enough. so please keep me in your prayers. - kathy | february 21, 2017 i need prayer.i am in need of aortic valve replacement. please pray for healing of aortic valve as i am 88 and may not be strong enough for the operation. i watch you on tv enjoy the way you teach i am in hopes to get out of these medical bills to give to your ministry. thank you james rouse - james rouse, wa | february 21, 2017 may the relationship between my husband improve and may we find a clear solution to an issue he is having - mary holden | february 21, 2017 pray for the prayer place in meridian ms. that god would grant it favor and use it in training his intercessors as well as in the administration of his healing grace. - vicki gladding, meridian ms | february 21, 2017 i pray for all of us who suffer from addiction.. i also pray for all the people who i have met through finding the road to recovery.. especially my good friend billy hall and also all others that is close and known to me.. in god i trust in abundance.. in jesus ' name.. amen.. xxx - dionne, north east england | february 21, 2017 i ask prayer for my family, to be given new heart and spirit (ezekiel.36- 37. that all would be given repentance and forgiveness of sins by our lord jesus,be healed,reconciled,humble,to be a family of the lords witnesses.he uses the broken,foolish things of the world to confound the wise.god bless you all.thank you. - anonymous | february 21, 2017 pray for our church's building campaign that we will prayerfully listen to god's vision for our church that will best glorify him. - anonymous | february 17, 2017 i pray for world peace. may all gods people sow love one to another regardless of race or culture. in chicago there are forces that kill innocent babies. let us pray together daily at 12 am and pm for divine intervention.all lives are precious.stop and pray.be faithful in some things and god will do the rest.be still and know there is a god.while he looks down you look up.believe, have faith pray. - anonymous | february 17, 2017 please pray with me that the holy spirit will speak to my wife lisa's heart & bring her back to jesus. thank you & may god bless you all. - anonymous | february 16, 2017 dear brothers and sisters in christ, please pray for my sister barbara o. who needs to believe in the power of the lord jesus christ in her life. she has been out of work for 2 years and is running out of money. my prayer is that she will believe that the lord shall supply all her needs according to his riches in glory. she is a lawyer and a professor, but has become too disheartened in her life because of a recent divorce. thank you all for your prayers. - elise, new jersey | february 15, 2017 please keep my oldest daughter in your prayers, that she will turn herself around and give her heart to god & keep her future safe & have sympathy on what she is facing now. - billie, georgia | february 15, 2017 i pray that my daughter abbe will come to have a personal relationship with jesus. she has been divorced for a year now and we believe her ex husband who had a affair after 11 months of marriage is messing with her head and she is very vulnerable. please lord heal her heart and mind and soul. help her to quit smoking. please surround her with people who can keep her on the right path. she has been working full time and taking 2 online classes a semester. she needs to find peace and if it is his will to place a man in her life that has a relationship with god our father and will love and honor her for who she is. in jesus name amen. - linda, vermont | february 14, 2017 my friend has been dabbling in the occult and is very paranoid. please pray. - anonymous | february 12, 2017 can we join in agreement as written in matthew 18:19, & 1 john 5:14- 15 & mark 11:23- 25 - that my son matthew age 20, have spiritual breakthrough and be given discernment to have him have the action which jame 2:19 & 20 says, and not be relying on & taking psych drugs for hearing voices & for his biological mother who has been married 6 x's come to understand the lies of the enemy. and that nasal congestion and a somewhat stuffy left ear be whole . and abba father i repent of all sin against you any every person who i have wronged, and i hold no grudges or bitterness. thank you in yeshua ha ma schiachs mighty name amen. & by my belief i/ we recieve now, and bless everyone praying in agreement greatly especially where they need it the most. - ken, new jersey | february 11, 2017 i and my family also need prayers, especially for salvation and release from the bondages of sin that hinders the efforts of my husband and sons from coming to christ. but i feel lead to just pray for all the needs listed here for others. father, we all come before your throne of grace lord to lift up all here, who requested prayer for their needs and the needs of their families & friends. we come by faith and in jesus' name to seek your help & guidance. father we reconize & acknowledge that you alone have the power and ability to meet each need. so father, we ask that by your divine grace and mercy be extended to each request made on this post. and that you who are able to do exceedingly, abundantly above all that we can ask, think or imagine ! of you, to meet every need in jesus' name amen!! - anonymous | february 11, 2017 i would like prayers for my wife. she is going through a tough time right now needing strength to stop smoking cigarettes. she tries really hard but at night while i am sleeping she has her toughest times. i am sorry i can not be up with her to keep her strong. i only pray she gets the strength she needs to overcome this demon. also i would like to pray for her to have more faith in god. she worries so much about everything. i know god will take care of her, i only wish she knew it also. - bill king, ohio | february 11, 2017 king james bible ezekiel 22:30 "and i sought for a man among them, that should make up the hedge, and stand in the gap before me for the land, that i should not destroy it: but i found none." are you ready? please pray to overcome for: 0. poland, freedom from religion to god through jesus christ, 0. church in the usa - matt. 3.12 "whose fan is in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and gather his wheat into the garner; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire." 1. stirring up the ministry to the god for me, my wife dorothy, our daughter ann, our sons peter and daniel - "..but as for me and my house, we will serve the lord" joshua 24.15 2. god's will and wisdom for me and my family; specially for learning in school for daniel,working for edmund, dorothy, peter (also god's direction for his life) and ann( ann needs husband), 3. god's order in my work. blessings and the knowledge of jesus christ for my bosses. thank god for the continuation of my work. - anonymous | february 11, 2017 my husbands "will" needs to be probated through the courts. need prayer that the process will go smooth and with no issues. also the sell of my husbands work truck. need prayer for my son that he will manage his time to study for his cpa testing. he has been working 14 to 15 hr days. - dottie, houston tx | february 10, 2017 pray for me . i need a job now also for my wife to be made an employee with full benfits also we like to buy a home this year and also cpa certification . i need faith and self confidence and peace of mind - julius, georgia | february 8, 2017 please pray for gods will in me . - anonymous | february 8, 2017 our church small group and our ladies bible study group have many unspoken requests and we are asking for all of you to pray with us for all of these requests . lift up our children and heal them in jesus name . thank you god. - anonymous | february 7, 2017 our cousin william rolled his truck to avoid hitting a car that turned in front of him. he has a broken back and many injuries which have left him paralyzed from the waist down. he is now in rehab. we wish prayers for a full recovery from this wreck in jesus' name thank you god. - anonymous | february 7, 2017 please pray that god takes away the frustration and anger i have towards my daughter. that he teaches me to be a mother after his heart towards her. that i speak only positive acclamations to her life. - tinu, ca | february 6, 2017 please pray for my wife's salvation and that god will end her affair and rebellion and heal our marriage. the man she is having the affair with also needs salvation and i need him removed from our lives. she is in full rebellion right now. i truly need a miracle. - jeff c, south carolina | february 6, 2017 i need god to step in and do whatever is necessary to bring peace and and harmony to my son james, ashley, jada, javion and jamie god i know that you are already help them to get in your will and stay. there. in jesus mighty amen - sandra, westland mi | february 6, 2017 please pray for me, i have fallen in my sleep 3 nights this week. i have insomnia really bad and walk in my sleep. i need prayer that jesus will keep me in my bed ã nd not wandering around my house falling and hurting my self. thank you and god bless - nicole, fl | february 5, 2017 please pray for my husband bob who is severely depressed, and has left our home.his whereabouts are unknown. - carol, illinois | february 4, 2017 i pray that i have a strong relationship with christ and his father and that all of our hearts prayers get answered, the spoken and unspoken prayers, the written and unwritten prayers, everything that would set us back from pleasing god, i pray that we walk in victory in the name of emmanuel jesus christ our lord of lords and king of kings and that we be unashamed of his glorious gospel, may we watch the (war room, facing the giants, and fireproof movies) and read the sixty minute marriage builder book as well, plus the book of proverbs chapters 1-31 as a daily devotional if we can, in christ name emmanuel i pray, and may the most high have his way in our lives, may we all be blessed and encouraged, to god be the glory - your brother in christ, ct | february 2, 2017 how to ask for prayer saul four weeks ago and i thought i just had a chest call or my asthma bad but it turned out that i'm into just a heart failure i have water on my heart and i go to the doctor today and i just pray that be able to get me on the right water pill to get this water i want to thank you very my prayers god bless you i will update you on how things go thank you so much and god bless you - reta duffield, michigan | february 2, 2017 wow, it strikes me that we all have such similar needs! my prayer request is simply to be more prayerful. to receive the holy spirit and to feel jesus in and around me at all times. my needs are echoed in so many of the posted prayers here, seeing that makes it clear to me that we all need to be more prayerful seeking god and jesus for protection and healing, guidance and deliverance. lord be with all that have posted here, that we may know you and speak our needs to you with prayerful humility and love. - traci, ohio | february 2, 2017 rodney, my oldest sister's husband has been diagnosed with stage 3 lypopharynx cancer. please pray for healing and more importantly, that god's will is accepted for the outcome and may he be a witness to whomever he comes in contact with at the hospital and at home. - gary, arizona | february 1, 2017 i was wondering if you would include my friend pat in your prayers for healing. pat has been diagnosed with a cancerous stomach tumor, but in prepping for the oncology visit in phoenix, arizona, (where treatment and possible surgical removal of the tumor was to take place) the local hospital perforated her bowel during a colonoscopy procedure they wanted done before the visit. she now has 2 ostomys and will have to heal for a couple weeks before pursuing the visit in phoenix. i would really appreciate all prayers on her behalf. - debby, pa | january 31, 2017 please pray for my family as we lost our dad november 30, 2016 and we lost our step grandma january 17, 2017. - the mixell's | january 31, 2017 my husband and i were hit head on ny a drunk driver on 11/30/2016. my precious husband died on 12/1/2017. he was only 61. i cannot stop crying as he was the love of my life. i feel like i am losing my mind. we were both recently retired and spent every day together. he was the kindest man i have ever known. no one has ever loved me as much as he did and i am so depressed. i have begged god to please take me home too. i dont know what to do. - kathryn, north carolina | january 31, 2017 please pray 4 me and my wife rebecca as we have both battled cancer this year....i am healed but she is already handicapped from a car accident and fights daily complicated chronic pain. please also pray that my mind might be renewed after 5 plus years of chronic depression and med dependence. that i might be able to go back to work as we have debts to pay and have lost our home and our business. i need to get strength back and daily discaplined routine. praise god for his faithfulness. thank you so much. tim - tim, mn | january 31, 2017 please pray for strength and courage to face the challenges of each new day. pray for serenity and peace to replace fear and anxiety; for possibility to replace hopelessness; for the truth of god to replace the lies of the world. for the insurmountable live of god to encompass every fiber of my being and provide a stronghold to protect me from the enemy. - anonymous | january 29, 2017 my dad is sick and needs all the prayers he can get - kelly russell, pa | january 29, 2017 to much need to list all; but assurance of still his, call and future . made an intercessor,financial and mind,soul and body health~~~his will!!!!!in all!!!!!!!!!! widow, his will to know if he will marriage but only as he will senior but his child i called for this time. - jennie carroll thomas, tulsa ok | january 29, 2017 please pray for deliverance and healing from a lifetime (60+ years) of severe depression, anxiety, hopelessness and despairing of life. - anonymous | january 29, 2017 pls .pray for my son who chose to be a police officer, to bless him in every area of his life. he will have his oath taking and have his 6 mos training. divine protection, and provisions in jesus almighty name amen. let your will be done in his life lord thank you so much . - anonymous | january 29, 2017 pls pray for my daughter what course or field of studies she will decide to take that your purpose in life for her be done for your glory . in jesus 'almighty name amen. - anonymous | january 29, 2017 i pray for our country that it can heal from all the hatred and that god will keep us safe over the next four years. i pray that more love, understanding and togetherness will come out of this craziness that has taken over our country. i pray that love will always win. - diane, boston | january 27, 2017 please pray for my mom & her breathing issues & issues with stumbling & or falling. thank you everyone in advance - jill, indiana | january 27, 2017 please pray that i should set my affections on things above and to help build me more stronger in my lord jesus. - anonymous | january 26, 2017 please pray that they find out what is wrong with don and that he will be healed. thank you and god bless! - anonymous | january 26, 2017 please pray that they find out what is wrong with don and that he will be healed. thank you and god bless! - anonymous | january 26, 2017 please pray for jim that he be healed of cancer or at least go into remission. thank you and god bless! - anonymous | january 26, 2017 please pray that they find out what is wrong with don and that he will be healed. thank you and god bless! - anonymous | january 26, 2017 please pray that god will restore my family. that god will assure my oldest 2 children that my love for them has never wavered and i miss them every moment of every day. i also struggle with addiction and i pray that the burden will be lifted. i am homeless and want prayer that i will be able to gain affordable housing for my daughter and i. i have recently been diagnosed with lupus and pray for the strength to continue working. - lisa meyers, vacaville ca | january 25, 2017 for a good report from the dentist and a job later on. - tracy etienne, az | january 24, 2017 pray for my daughter leatha who have crohn disease and pray for my granddaugther who is blind. and she is 5 year old her names is. jamerah to receive her eyesight. and i want my son to come to see me his names is jonnard - alta dawson, indiana | january 24, 2017 i have been having a lot of difficulty in jobs since 2008. it seems like every position i get, i am working with a bunch of childish adults that like to run and tattle tell on each other to the boss. i am retiring in 06/2020 and i cant wait so that i can get away from all of this childishness. i would like to have a job for the next 3.4 years that i don't have to work these type of people. i also might have to have back surgery. - terri, richmond ky | january 24, 2017 if there's anyone i doubt will become a christian, it's the man i love the most. i feel like god has led me this way, but lately it's been difficult to have faith that it will ever really happen. i don't want to spend my life in blind hope. i don't want to get hurt either and i don't want him to take me away from god. the fear from most is that it can go either way. i pray for discretion in knowing god's will for us. i feel in my heart that loving him is right. and i strongly believe i'll never walk away from him. please pray for him to know christ. - erin, massachusetts | january 22, 2017 asking god for help with the many crosses i have been given to bear! its been five years now and don't know if i can keep going! i need his strength and grace, and renewed hope, i pray for everyone on here ! blessings!! pat j. pat j, pa | january 22, 2017 healing for our 9yo son samuel who's kidneys are failing and will have to face a transplant in the very near future. peace for our family and allow us to bring glory to his name! - terri | january 20, 2017 please pray for my husband stephen, his soul is lost and he has no faith. pray that god will give stephen a damascus road experience and turn him from the hands of satan into an everlasting relationship with him. pray that god will align stephen's priorities and remove all ungodly friends and forces. that god will surround stephen with people who will hold him accountable, guide him and help him understand god's will for his life. pray for my strength to endure this while i wait on the lord. pray that our marriage is restored and that god will place a burning desire in both of us to love each other like never before. in jesus mighty name, amen! - michelle, fort lauderdale fl | january 19, 2017 family salvations and unity. also pray for me to be blessed with and entrepreneur job and be very successful at it to take be into my retirement years and also to be a blessing to other to help them as god bless me. - carolyn, louisiana | january 18, 2017 1 pray for the lord’s complete healing and pain / anxiety relief for me (sean) and all my family and relatives, larry p., walter o., doe s. and chrissy, darlene v., john jr., judy a., janice u., toni k., kipp t., tiffany, for all who belong to the lord, all whom i’ve prayed for, and all of mankind as the lord wills. amen, thank you. 2. please pray that the lord would deliver me and all who suffer similarly from the irritable bowel syndrome, allergies, eczema / dermatitis, rosacea, depression / anxiety, and from all pain, distress, and discomfort. 3. ask the lord to grant all of mankind, as he wills it, all that we have a right to have from him because of jesus christ's perfect finished work on his cross, and to deliver us all from all that we have a right to be delivered from for the same reason – thank you, amen. - sean, silicon valley ca | january 17, 2017 national / international prayer request from sean in silicon valley, ca, usa -- god's salvation, healing, and help for many. 1. please pray for the lord's grace, mercy, help, complete healing, full-household salvation, leadership, peace, protection, and all that’s good from god above for all of: the usa (washington dc); california (sacramento and silicon valley, ca); israel and jerusalem; all of the lord’s churches / groups / ministries / gatherings world-wide; valley church cupertino and st. justin’s church in fullness; the body / church of christ; me (sean) and all my family and relatives; all whom i’ve prayed for, and all of mankind as the lord wills. pray that the lord would physically, mentally, and spiritually save, heal, and restore us all; forgive us of all our sins; write our names in his book of life; grant to us all our prayers, needs, and desires of our hearts according to his good will; and deliver us from all evil and the evil one. amen, thank you. - sean, silicon valley ca | january 17, 2017 to obtain a career that is driven by my passion. financial stability. my own place to call home. a god sent husband. - k. charisse, lithonia | january 17, 2017 we have been married three months today and my husband seems very uninterested in our marriege bed. it hurts my feelings and i feel undesirable. i dont know what to do. the bible says to give your body unto your spouse, it is our duty as husband and wife.... - anonymous | january 16, 2017 my name is crystal perry my family has just went through a terrible loss of my grandfather, my pawpaw, sammie clark. he could light up the room with just his smile i can only find comfort in knowing that he's with my grandmother, nannie, doris clark, married for 51 wonderful year's. the pain is great on my family & prayers are greatly appreciated, god bless you all very much i really appreciate it. - crystal perry, texas | january 16, 2017 my grandson darrel is going to college. pray that he finishes so he can support himself and his son. also pray for him to be delivered from using drugs. - anonymous | january 14, 2017 please pray that god restores our marriage. help us get thru this difficult time in our marriage and lives. that our faith grows stringer as well as our love for each other. that we can be better parents to our two beautiful daughters. please pray that we can forgive each other and continue with our marriage without arguing, fighting and hurting each other and our family. we need you in our lives i pray this through jesus christ our lord and savior. please hear my prayer i need you. amen - anonymous | january 14, 2017 my grand daughter adayah 16, is trying to end her life the second time, please agree with me as i pray god will place someone in her path to show her. how valuable her life is with understanding and peace that only god can give. thank you for praying, in christ name , amen amen - audrey | january 14, 2017 stability in all area's of my walk; prayer, praise, home, children, financial, church home & work. - anonymous, evanston il | january 13, 2017 please pray that god would give me favor open up a door for a job that i applied for in my area. that i would grow and prosper and lack nothing. - anonymous | january 13, 2017 please agree with me in prayer for salvation for all my family members that are unsaved and for restoration and reconciliation with all family members so we can live in unity. - anna, california | january 13, 2017 a prayer for my kids they are adults but still my kids i pray hard for my kids my son is bobby 26 and my daughter nadine 31 they both are not on the path of god i want so much for them to be living for god to know and feel his love , please i think it says u should ask ,beleave ,and receive so thats what im doing standing and beleaving on faith of prayer that gods going to put my kids on the right path thank u - kathy a. brooks | january 13, 2017 dear lord, i have forgiven my husband, but help me to forget the past. help us to worship you and look to you together, and not at each other. help me to be more steadfast when i purpose in my heart to make more quiet time, and to read the word every day. help me to close my netflix account - it's all horrible and i can't have it in my home anymore, no matter how many other people want to watch. please, lord, guide my godchildren. lead my brother back to church, please and send him the wife he needs and longs for, please kcm, munroe falls | january 13, 2017 i am working to complete a significant financial transaction that will have a dramatic impact on my family and the kingdom of god. if this transaction is not completed it will be devastating for my family and the ministries that i have made public commitments to support long-term...including missionaries who have already moved to the field to begin ministry. please, please pray for favor and a completion of funding. thank you and god bless! - anonymous | january 12, 2017 i know that at first, this might sound dramatic, but i really do feel as if my life is in shambles. it is difficult to find a community/church that i can openly learn with instead of sitting in the silence of my own or others' judgment. my prayer request is to always be whole and holy, just as god is always whole and holy. not to be god, but to honor him how he originally intended, and for the earth to be closest to his heart. may every action be in anticipation and fulfillment of his kingdom revealing itself through all of us. - joshua, calgary, ab | january 12, 2017 for my son jason may he find his way back to you lord and disassociate himself from all the negative influences in his life that are causing him to self harm. send him strength and encouragement to make better choices in his life. to you lord i pray amen - brenda, new mexico | january 12, 2017 praying and asking god to restore me to him,i desire a personal committed relationship with jesus,so i'm also asking god to forgive me of all sin done and to help me change bad habits again thank you lord in advance for all that you will do in jesus name amen - serena, philadelphia | january 12, 2017 for dear daughter alesya, her spiritual growing in jesus christ. in jesus name i pray. amen - valentina, sacramento | january 11, 2017 prayers needed for my daughters to come around more often. prayers for my dad and his alzheimer's to keep it at bay. prayers for my new job will transition smoothly. - rebecca, ohio | january 11, 2017 please pray that the lord jesus open all of me to reading the bible like never before. i want to read, study, learn under the holy spirit and never stop in my life. thank you. - francisco perez | january 11, 2017 pray for my son his name is allen and he is in a marriage that is driving him crazy. thank you for praying. - ernestine | january 10, 2017 please pray ... that god will show my daughter's the right church to go to.... two years ago when their mother died things are falling apart...... - steven, toney al | january 9, 2017 i pray for an answer for my current job situation,my husband's health,my son to find his way thru addition ,help in re: to my step daughter and i pray for help with our finances and my headaches find some relief i also pray for those struggling with emotional,physical and spiritual trouble that they might find you this year and know of your great works.thank you and your name i pray amen. - brooke breisch, pennsylvania | january 9, 2017 please pray for my husband transitioning from his career in the military and starting welding school today!! i am so happy that our journey through ptsd has lead us in a new exciting and so very scary direction. please pray that jesus stands by our side and holds my husbands hand and is at his back while he experiences this bend in the road. - christine, canada | january 9, 2017 please pray with me that jesus heals,blesses and restores our marriage,that together lisa and i grow strong as christians and that jesus blesses us with a financial miracle.thank you and may god bless you all. - dan | january 9, 2017 prayer for someone who never feels loved or appreciated .. filled with anger and resentments .. depression and a feeling of hopelessness . letting go of hurts and injustice. no joy, saved many years ago. - sandra, florida | january 8, 2017 my prayer request is for a wonderful young friend of mine. she has lupus, (sle). she has been very ill for many years now. the side effects of the medications she is on keep her at her home and exhausted just about every day. my hope is that one day she will be able to get out and spend some time with her family and friends. thank you. - r. palzewicz, michigan | january 8, 2017 pray for wisdom and protection for president donald trump according to the word of god. now is not the time to back down. now is the time to rise up and pray for revival in our nation. also, continue to pray for the protection and peace of israel! a call to prayer - i timothy 2:1-3 1first of all, then, i urge that petitions, prayers, intercessions, and thanksgiving be offered on behalf of all men 2for kings and all those in authority, so that we may lead tranquil and quiet lives in all godliness and dignity. 3this is good and pleasing in the sight of god our savior,… - anonymous | january 6, 2017 i'm a college student who will be traveling with a mission team to romania this summer with the hopes that we will be able to reach many for christ and see hundreds of souls saved. please pray with me that the lord will prepare me--physically, emotionally, financially, and most importantly spiritually--to serve him and further advance his kingdom in our lost world. i know the lord is going to use me for great things; i simply want to be prepared in every way possible for what he has in store. - lani, honolulu hi | january 6, 2017 i just need all of you god and less of me. - ann gonzalez, fl | january 6, 2017 i'm requesting prayer for myself and my husband. in august 2015 i was rearended, it took a year of treatment, testing, and surgery, (fusion to my disc in neck). i hired attorney company, i'm going into 3rd year of nothing accomplished from attorney or other driver ins. company. i ask for peace, patience, and faithfulness, and a settlement to come, for my husband and me. if i'm patient, my husband isn't and vice versa. thank you, sincerely, sandy - sandy y judson, mcdonough ga my mom went to heaven december 3rd of 2016 i am really having a hard time with it. i know that she is in a much better place than i could ever imagine. i am just so lost and broken. i feel this weight on my shoulders as if i can't breathe. my heart aches so bad that i cant focus. i have been praying for the burden to be lifted and me give it all to god that he give me strength to carry on and know that she is an angel and happier than i can ever fathom. - chris | january 4, 2017 father we ask in jesus name that we receive healing, loving family relations, jobs that would benefit us financially and give us family time, a home in florida, and rental or sale of our current home. we pray our sons will meet godly wives and marry and have godly grandchildren. - ginny, stony point nc | january 3, 2017 that my cousin diane will survive her cancer which has spread all over her body. they do not know where it originated. if god is calling her home then that she would be saved before she dies. also for my sister-in-law who had lung cancer removed by surgery, that it will notl recur or need radiation or chemo. also if god is calling her home that she would be saved also before she goes home. - ginny, stony point nc | january 3, 2017 pls to heal my back, legs, right shoulder & my mind & emotions. lord show me your will for my life. healthy interactions with others. heal my finances & budgeting. also, i grow close to you: holy blessed trinity. i pray my family & friends come to accept you. - micki, ma | january 4, 2017 my friend at work luke,and his family (they are not christians) luke has an 8 year old son lukas who has been battling leukemia for the last few months. they have had a particularly hard time over the christmas period. please py for healing and household salvation..thank-you - anonymous | january 3, 2017 father please help the whole truth minister. help your/ our ministry grow in jesus name guide use to lead other to find you. help us to all be on one accord to keep the main thing the main thing. in jesus name we pray. - whole truth outreach center, south euclid oh | january 1, 2017 pray for sarah that god would provide money for her college education and she would be healed physically and emotionally. - anonymous | january 1, 2017 please pray that i will be a light to those around me at school - esther, toronto | january 1, 2017 i pray for peace in my life. also to mend all relationships. i pray for my future, in all areas, health, career, and a possible relocation for change. - robyn, baltimore md | january 1, 2017 please pray for healing from a bone infection. - jean, toronto | january 1, 2017 lord we america need a revival, east to west,north to south, fill our churches with your glory,lets pray for our govt leaders, schools, hospitals, policemen/women, families, husband and wives, childrens, prisoners, all races, el shaddai, let your glory filled your tabernacle, brothers and sisters,mothers and fathers, we ask for forgiveness,we thank you lord for your love, blessings to you lord - anonymous | january 1, 2017 lord i like to pray for my sweet beautiful daughter. continue giving her strength courage and patience. allow her to understand what you want her to do in her life. continue blessing her with great favor. allow her to always come to you when she is in need. comfort her and keep her in peace. thank you father god. in jesus name i pray. amen. - beverly, houston | december 31, 2016 i would like to pray for this country. lord protect us and keep us in peace and dear lord give me patience strength and courage to make it thru another blessed and glorious year. lord i want to thank you for this 2016 year of blessings and favour. god bless this new year 2017. thank you for all you have done for me and my family. god be the glory. peace be with us all. allow this country to get closer to you lord. help us to put you first. in jesus name i pray. amen. - beverly, houston | december 31, 2016 unfortunately my job is cutting hours and our finances are getting tighter. need prayers for a new job or career that will support my family and i.also asking for prayers for my niece and her fiancee who are going to college . please pray that they are successful. - lynne feuerstein, sandusky | december 31, 2016 i have been diagnosed with stage 4 renal cancer that has spread to my pelvic bone and both lungs. the chemo pill didn;t stop the spread so i am now on an immunotherapy regime. i am 65 and a believer. my only grandson is 2 with a granddaughter to be born in june. my prayer is for my unborn granddaughter, that she is born healthy. i pray for my grandson that he come to know jesus. i also ask for prayers that the treatment is effective so that i can watch them both grow and i am here to influence their faith walk. j - zee anne, minnesota | december 30, 2016 king james bible ezekiel 22:30 "and i sought for a man among them, that should make up the hedge, and stand in the gap before me for the land, that i should not destroy it: but i found none." are you ready? please pray to overcome for: 0. poland, freedom from religion to god through jesus christ, 0. church in the usa - matt. 3.12 1. stirring up the ministry to the god for me, my wife dorothy, our daughter ann, our sons peter and daniel - "..but as for me and my house, we will serve the lord" joshua 24.15 2. god's will and wisdom for me and my family; specially for learning in school for daniel,working for edmund, dorothy, peter (also god's direction for his life) and ann( ann needs husband), 3. god's order in my work. blessings and the knowledge of jesus christ for my bosses. thank god for the continuation of my work. - edmund k | december 30, 2016 dear lord, i would like to pray for everyone in the world to have whatever they need in the upcoming year as you see fit for us to have. dear lord you know what we need, and when we need it. i pray peace, love, kindness, and compassion among your people. that the world unite to be a better place in 2017. i pray for the lost, sick, shut in, the elderly, the children, the depressed, the widows, orphans, injured, brokenhearted, abused, those in need of financial assistant, a home, reuniting of families, marriages, for people to learn once again to get along with each other, not hating on one another. i pray for 2017 to be a better and more prosperous, healthy, and loving year, full of opportunities for everyone to receive by your grace and mercy upon their lives all they need to survive and overcome any troubles and problems in their life. i pray for 2017 to be a year of stronger and better faith among all that faith is lacking in one way or another, ! thank you lord for taking care of us. - anonymous | december 30, 2016 first off god is good and worthy of all praise. second, thank you for asking to pray for me. i ask for god to give me wisdom in selling my house. i have an offer but it is not enough to pay it off. i ask that you pray for me to m is which direction to go. i ask for healing, reconciliation, restoration, and resurrection in my relationship with my love. i ask that you pray so that our love is restored and strengthened so that we may move forward together. thank you and god bless you. - anonymous | december 30, 2016 please pray for the chaos in my family unit to subside. i understand that kids have to work but to make people feel like they have to work every minute when my husbands around -it's just dysfunctional. my youngest was crying last night because he said we all can't agree on anything. he wants counseling and my husband said we don't have insurance for it and my youngest said to me it's all all about the mighty dollar. no one does anything right. thank you for praying for us! - christine collier, fenton mo | december 29, 2016 for the entire world....... for all souls that have passed on....... souls coming into this world....... souls in this world and about to leave this world......for my entire family and especially my nephew.......may god bless and help us all in times of need........ god is jesus our father our friend our teacher our leader our coach and driver in life!!!!!!......... - anonymous | december 29, 2016 please pray for my youngest brother, philip. our entire family is struggling trying to communicate with and help him. he really needs the lord, and for the chains of anger and strife to be broken. thank you. - c, canada | december 29, 2016 please pray for my babygirl whonhas been suffering with childhood cancer since shes 8 months old. she will be 12 months old in january 2017. she had 3 chemotherapy so far. the tumor cannot be operated as its encased major blood vessels & life dependent organs. we(family & friends) believe the healing is already taking place. praying for strength & stamina. once a friendly baby now does not meet anyone new due to the fear of doctors & nurses :( praying for complete healing that cancer will go away & never return in jesus mighty name. - juanitabenj... | december 29, 2016 please pray for my spiritual mother angie lludy will have surgery on her brain tomorrow at 7am thanks - angelik_alcm... | december 29, 2016 my wife and i, we are both long distance seminary students, we are praying that god help us to move on campus and be full-time students. please keep us in your prayers. - jampublish... | december 29, 2016 please pray for me that i would complete my thesis with flying colours and graduate in 2017. - opejaun... | december 29, 2016 please pray for my lower back pain - swaggy.co... | december 29, 2016 my mom has a caregiver which is my brother. she only gets about 30 hours a month. but when it comes to tax time he makes it hard for us to live in the same house. i want to do it but i am on disability and don't know if i'm allowed. please pray i can do this and we can live in peace!! thank you!!! - gramma7... | december 29, 2016 i'm overwhelmed on a situation for a while not sure what to do, i'm in need to be directed in the right direction to go! - basmang... | december 29, 2016 for my family to stop fighting all of the time - gracie_leigh_... | december 29, 2016 for my grandma and uncle who live under same house hold bring love and peace in there home and my uncle marriage - mustang2007... | december 29, 2016 i need prayers i have anxiety depression worried about my future no job 39 not married and can't keep a job or friends i don't want to die alone. plus have a state exam for my emt the end of jan failed the first time - nyrangersfan... | december 29, 2016 for the mother of my friend she has cancer - jesusgirl_... | december 29, 2016 pray for my job. i can't refuse the job in sunday even i want to go to church.... i'm sad because i have no time for the lord because of my job. i need a new job where i'm free to worship my god - santii_manga... | december 29, 2016 for a swift and favorable decision in my disability case. thank you so much!! - singysu... | december 29, 2016 for my job interview at photo studio tomorrow, to verify my twitter account and to study as a preacher. - iamchesterd... | december 29, 2016 rest and a new job. i have a salary job but they are taking advantage. i rarely get 8 hours of sleep. my health is being affected bc of lack of sleep and stress. i pray for guidance, wisdom, peace, rest, and direction from the lord. - toshanoa... | december 29, 2016 i need money! - enrique | december 29, 2016 restoration and reconciliation with my children and grandchildren - mary | december 29, 2016 my husband needs a job - former minister - kathy | december 29, 2016 my uncle al had a stroke earlier this week. please pray for a miraculous full and complete recovery for him. - amanda | december 29, 2016 my rented body to be healed (my real body is in heaven waiting for me :)) financially stable, a place of our own, and for the world we live in today. - reida | december 29, 2016 first off god is good and worthy of all praise. second, thank you for asking to pray for me. i ask for god to give me wisdom in selling my house. i have an offer but it is not enough to pay it off. i ask that you pray for me to m is which direction to go. i ask for healing, reconciliation, restoration, and resurrection in my relationship with my love. i ask that you pray so that our love is restored and strengthened so that we may move forward together. thank you and god bless you. - peggy | december 29, 2016 i've been fighting headaches and my lungs are not functioning fully, we don't know why and i don't go see the doctor till february....a long wait when you don't know what's going on - kara | december 29, 2016 praying in jesus name for a safe transition from 2016 to 2017, the new year for everyone. praying that all that is wrong in the world become right. praying love overcomes hate. praying for the sick to be healed, starving and hungry to be feed. the homeless to find shelter. the abused and brokenhearted to be healed and restored in jesus name. praying for comfort and support of all those in grief from loss of loved ones and friends. praying for anyone needing financial help in the upcoming year as well to be blessed with all they need.praying for 2017 to be a better and blessed year for everyone. all god's little children to be safe in happy homes. praying for a better world overall, and for people to love one another, get stronger in their faith and let god lead the way. amen and thank you - brenda | december 29, 2016 financial problems from job loss, unspoken prayers that are personal but god knows what is on my heart, opening ones eyes and heart to jesus. my children, mine and my families health. my moms knees to heal, heartache since daddy passing and depressed. god bless - aimee | december 29, 2016 pray for my family and i. we are going to be serving our residential communities starting this coming sunday and onwards on sundays from 4-6:30pm. we need your prayer support and any other support you can give. we are offering free courses to residents. we hope to sell items to help us cover the expenses. we are starting with a prayer course. we aim to please god. - teisha, jamaica | december 27, 2016 please pray for my brother, jeff. he has been recently diagnosed with diabetes and is having a difficult time keeping his blood sugar down. also please pray that he and his wife find employment. bless you! - anonymous | december 26, 2016 please pray with me for a miracle healing from heaven for my brother phil joseph, he has terminal cancer, and for my friend denny who was diagnosed with cancer a few years ago, the doctors have put time on his life. please pray with me and for me that the lord bless me with employment, and a place to call my own. i've been out of work for 3yrs. i now live with a friend, i thank the lord for keeping me safe and from being homeless. i know god can do anything he's our creator and there is nothing he cant do. please, i appreciate your prayers. blessings in jesus name. - sandy, nj | december 24, 2016 praying for a husband sent by jesus ,to be married in 2017 , break this evil off my children to conceive, 12 grand children this year 5 great grands .destroy every plot and plan that the enemy has against my family. - anonymous | december 24, 2016 praying for my adult children to come together for christmas and every week for bible study, dinner and prayer. to love honor and be kind to each other, remove any spirits that have been sent against them ,lord cover my entire family in your blood. in jesus mighty name amen. i receive healing in my body and over this situation. , i also receive the deed to the house, supernaturally in jesus mighty name amen. - anonymous | december 24, 2016 i pray for myself to hear the lord and his calling to me. may i minister his love as he intends me to. may i see people through his eyes and extend his love to them. kimberley, michigan | december 23, 2016 my request for prayers is for a woman named annette. she has stage 4 lung cancer. i request a prayer for her to find the lord. to come to know him and find peace in his presence. to trust in his love. to not be afraid. may the lord comfort her and may she feel his loving in his arms around her. may she trust in his plan and in his love. may she find peace and come to know the joy of the love of our lord. amen - kimberley, michigan | december 23, 2016 please pray for beth juncal as she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer stage iii. please pray god will show mercy, grace and kindness to remove all cancer from her body. thank you and god bless - beth juncal, california | december 20, 2016 my ovarian cancer iiic has returned after only being off chemo 4 months. it has now metastasized to my breast. please pray god will show mercy, grace and kindness to remove all cancer from my body. thank you and god bless. - diane | december 20, 2016 first of all, i would like to thank you god for being able to post my prayers on this website for every other believer in christ to see. i pray for peace and strength to enter into my spirit as i am about to enter a brand new year in 2017. i pray for a better mind, better health, and most importantly a better soul. i pray that with these things, it will help to form or even grow better relationships with my loved ones. my mom and i have not been on the right foot for quite some time now, and i really want that to change. my last and final prayer goes out to my best friend olivia. i do not want this world to take her so far away from god that she finds herself struggling to find her way back to him, which is what i am fearing right now. i want her to make better decisions and become a better person in 2017. i will do all that i can, but i ask a favor from all of you to come together as one body of christ, to pray along with me as well. thank you and ! god bless everyone, merry christmas - ananias waters | december 20, 2016 please pray for my health and in guidance in destressing my life i am a single mom a have been a trucker for two years now and ever since then my health has deteriorated and im way over weight i feel i have no balance in my life. thank you and god bless everyone . merry christmas ! - lesa, san angelo tx | december 19, 2016 l pray that all who are in need of spiritual or physical healing will be healed in jesus name, amen. - anonymous, new york | december 17, 2016 pray for kingdom building ministry. we are a newly formed church body of believers. with a home base ministry in the city of paducah,ky - manulito maxwell, kentucky | december 17, 2016 please ask the lord to heal lisa, terence & bill. also to draw us closer to him & give us wisdom. thank you, in christ. - bill weaver, pa | december 17, 2016 prayer for my marriage my husband in drugs he needs to give his heart to god and family. we need hole restoration in ours life. juan guzmã¡n, roy jimenez, agustã­n lara, lili guzmã¡n and grandson dominic roy jimenez. amen. - lili, patterson ca | december 16, 2016 lord, i pray for all who come to this message board to pray. we seek you, not to gossip, or to complain, but because we know you, and only you, can help us. we are here, because we believe in you. amen. - from abutterflyloves, illinois | december 15, 2016 pray with me god to intervene,we are intending to buy the school for the community of sterkspruit,eastern cape ,south africa,the school selling price is r15000 000-00.the existing school lamplighters children ministries to be registered,the registration of this school is last stage,but there are challenges. - anonymous, eastern cape south africa | december 15, 2016 please pray for my son jorge. for years he's been in and out of jail. he just got home not even two years and is already back in jail. please pray that he will surrender his life to christ and that god has mercy on him as far as his case is concern. please pray that god gives me strength and peace to get through another trial with my son. thank you! - kimberly, fort lauderdale fl | december 15, 2016 my husband is unfaithful and i need my heart to heal - anonymous | december 14, 2016 i work with children with cancer. please join me in believing for healing for every child. - anonymous | december 13, 2016 my son has level 4 renal failure..needs healing.....my daughter needs a way out for her and her daughter...salvation for children,grand children..daughter faces much debilitating pain...her husband too...all need healing...thank you... - anonymous | december 13, 2016 healing for me and several friends and good paying jobs for my sons with benefits. - roachie, maryland | december 12, 2016 please pray for favor regarding an unspoken request. also, for a financial breakthrough for us. in jesus name! amen! thank you! - shelly | december 12, 2016 please please pray for my daughter. her father walked out on her when she was three. he has another daughter that he spends so much time together. i just don't know what to do anymore. she made jesus lord of life but looks at the world much more fun. - anonymous | december 12, 2016 please pray for restoration in my marriage, pray for god to turn my husband heart to him and so he can turn him home. pray for my family please to be restore. pray for marriages around the world, what god as join together let no man separate. amen - anonymous | december 12, 2016 i seem to use food to comfort me as i think about and worry about things i cant fix or change....over eating and getting fat..dwelling on past present and future things that i cant fix or control are all sins and consume too much of my time. please pray that i can overcome these things and to be more productive and serve the lord instead.. - anonymous | december 11, 2016 pray for my son - george: he has lyme decease, and had a heart attack about six weeks ago - has no job or insurance. pray for healing as well as help with his financial situation. thank you, don welter - anonymous | december 11, 2016 i am a foodaholic. pray i will be totally set free from my bad habits/addiction. - anonymous | december 10, 2016 in the name of jesus and the power of his blood, i thank you lord even now, that you are answering these prayers according to your word. we ask that you forgive us of our sins and be glorified in all that we say and do. we know that you are able to do exceedingly, abundantly above all we may ask or think. give us all of your love, grace and peace. amen - intercessor always, cleveland | december 10, 2016 i am a paralyzed veteran in a wheelchair and a single father of 3. i was served papers by the bank. our landlord had not been paying the mortgage since may of 2010. even though i have been paying the rent on time, every month for years...we are losing our home. my church set up a gofundme in hopes of raising enough to buy our home at auction. please pray that we meet our goals and my children are not forced out in january. god bless you and thank you. - kevin airrington, oregon | december 10, 2016 i am asking for agreement in prayer for healing of my heart and generational curses. i am believing god to get myself back on track and to do his work. i am alone and feel, i only have god if, i want to be whole, healed and delivered and in healthy relationship. my family sees me as, a mean to their ends. - anonymous | december 8, 2016 my husband milind is deep into the occult-consulting mediums, guruism, ritualistic hinduism. our marriage is not happy. may the lords will be done and may jesus alone be glorified. praying in the faith with the faithful for his glory. - ann, india | december 8, 2016 please pray for me i have many health issues and i had to move out of my home it has black mold in it. i have been sleeping out of my car. i have come to it and i'm trusting god to see me through it. amen - eleria, louisiana | december 7, 2016 please pray that the holy spirit would work in the hearts of this special family (from nj) that they may know the love of jesus christ and one day claim him as their lord and savior. in the strong name of jesus christ, i pray. thank you for your faithfulness in praying. god bless you. - anonymous | december 7, 2016 please pray for my son, michael, salvation& healing thankthee god bless thee - sharon l pfau, astoria or | december 7, 2016 prayer for my 21 yr old son whose addiction has worsened since the age of 15. he has attempted to stay sober through various programs only to relapse after 3-6 months of sobriety. he no longer lives in our home because of his continued relapses and refusal to get back in a program or sober living. he continues to spiral downward. please god catch him and place your loving arms around him. - anonymous | december 6, 2016 loss of mother - anonymous | december 6, 2016 please pray for my granddaughter baylee who has lived with me for most of her life. she was married in sept. to a wonderful young man whose love for the lord was so profound. only 23, he had experienced much in his young life & was so grateful for his salvation. he had been ill for several mos. but this didn't hinder anyone. instead, they upped the wedding date. they couldn't have been happier. unfortunately, on nov.15, after the thought of additional surgeries & hospital visits, daniel, took his life. we are still in shock & greatly need prayer sdoare his parents. thank you so much & god bless you all - cindy, dallas tx | december 5, 2016 dear lord, i pray for forgiveness and mercy in areas where we fall short. grant us the strength and discernment to overcome our strongholds. i pray for the salvation for all my children (birth, step, and foster). i pray for all marriages in the world, and especially for my son and daughter-in-law; that you will heal their marriage and reunite their family. i pray for all of our health... both mentally and physically. i pray for for jobs where needed, and promotions. i thank you for the recent promotions of two of my children. i pray for victory for my husband's long battle with the va. may his file reach finally reach the right people working there. i thank you for giving us this day! please continue to bless and protect all of us, and our military in harms way! in your holy name, i pray. amen. r gray, december 4, 2016 brothers and sisters in christ please agree with me in marriage restoration to my husband richard. we have been separated before and this time his mother is trying to destroy our marriage. but i believe in jesus name my husband will be coming back before christmas for the sake of our marriage and children. please pray that god will handle her as she tries her best to make him mad at me. in jesus name god is repairing our marriage amen. - elizabeth, california | december 4, 2016 1.please pray for: my daughter, who has a pseudo tumor cerebri, has a shunt and drain for excess brain fluid. also severe migraines. 2. my husband who has stage 4 prostate cancer. 3.my male cousin in coma, on a respirator in icu with diabetic complications. 4. my niece who has stage 4 brain cancer. surgery removed the tumor and now receives radiation and chemotherapy. she is very sick. 5. my cousin who lies in bed after brain surgery and stroke. she has no hope. 6. my cousin's 87 year old mother who cares for her in a far away town. 7.please pray for me. advanced raynauds disorder. dr.retired. no one available to replace him. could lose my fingers and toes. i am scared for my loved ones. i am scared for me. - patricia | december 3 , 2016 i have so many that i will post following this request. please pray for my cousin who is disabled following a stroke after surgery. she has use of one finger. age 64, cared for her mother who is 87. she used to pray for healing. now she asks for death. my elderly aunt has been so faithful to the care of her daughter for more than 10 years. please pray for both, for healing of body and soul. pray for the restoration of their faith in the lord. - patricia | december 3, 2016 please pray for my aunt is diabetic in icu on ventilator pray for healing stable blood sugar & blood pressure levels - @brightsun... | december 3, 2016 i have a daughter who has cystic fibrosis she just got out of the hospital sunday and she struggles just to breath but also with paying bills and having enough to eat. please please pray for the lord to heal her i am on disability and do what i can but it falls so far short of her dire needs her name is amy joy and god is able - margaret davenport, haverhill ma | december 1, 2016 prayer for the restoration my marriage. pray that our heart seeks gods will and not our selfish desires. pray for a transformation of mutual obedience and submission. may god be glorified through our unity. - aharris, texas | december 1, 2016 i pray for believers who are in the midst of transition, that they will be able to know, hear, and sense the holy spirit's prompting clearly; also prayer for believers who have unjust, unsaved supervisors or managers; give them the grace to forgive and pray for the unsaved. i pray for strength, faith, and god's favor for believers that are facing persecution abroad and in the united states. - aretha, michigan | november 30, 2016 i pray for believers who are in the midst of transition, that they will be able to know, hear, and sense the holy spirit's prompting clearly; also prayer for believers who have unjust, unsaved supervisors or managers; give them the grace to forgive and pray for the unsaved. i pray for strength, faith, and god's favor for believers that are facing persecution abroad and in the united states. - aretha, michigan | november 30, 2016 dear lord, i pray that those who are in the business of selling books would remove those resources from their website that lead people away from the truth of the gospel. i pray for repentance by those who knowingly market such anti-gospel material and for discernment by those who have received books like this as "gifts". - anonymous | november 30, 2016 pray for "a man" who was my closest best friend, who has rejected me, that god would bring restoration and complete healing in our relationship. pray for a miracle that he would choose god, become a christian, change his lifestyle, have a divine encounter and that the holy spirit will bring conviction and strive with his heart. thank you jesus for answering our prayer. - anonymous | november 30, 2016 for family reconciliation as the lord wills.that my sister would repent for the lifestyle breaking up her marriage and this mans as well(a doctor..)..and for healing of abuse and abandonment and rejection for myself as i was prophesied to regarding some time ago..a husband and also need power of attorney for my will as well..psand for my cat's (nickey) completely restored health as well..thankyou, lynn calhoun. - lynn calhoun, ontario canada | november 30, 2016 healing emotional and physical for my brother larry as well as reconciliation with his 2 children joey and jennifer after a gap in this and re his grandchildren as well.healing of his body..frim abyse.that i would could also reconcile with them and with my other nieces and nephews jayson amanda and matthew as well and also with my sister lori. thankyou, lynn calhoun - lynn calhoun, ontario canada | november 30, 2016 in reading the past few prayer requests i find myself asking for the same things...peace beyond all understanding, that my youngest son comes back to our hearts and home, and that during this stressful season, we can slow down and praise jesus instead of buying presents...this i ask in your name, oh lord ! - cindy s, western wisconsin | november 29, 2016 please pray for my son samuel, he needs to pass the reading or sat test in order to graduate from high school on may 20, 2017. please pray for him. - linda mckee, ocala fl | november 29, 2016 pray that my family will turn back to god. - wright family, tn | november 29, 2016 i am asking for prayer for me and my the man in my life who has been very good to me. i asking god for a change in the both of us so that we can grow stronger in faith, christ and be more of support for each other. i want us to be able to communicate with each other on different issues in our lives, be loyal, be faith and still be active and travel around the world. help each other to understand the word of job to each other. having a family that is very strong and healthy, loving, caring, supportive in every way possible. having kids is something that we want to enjoy and as he becoming my husband, father and friend rubbing my stomach as our children grow in peace and harmony. showing me that he will be by my side through the good, bad and ugly. i just want the lord to show me if he is the one that i am suppose to be with. we have been friends for a very long time and i was just scared of the outcome, but we have always ended up back together agai! n. i want a godly man in my life. - debbie, longwood fl | november 29, 2016 prayers for my son bryan whaley, recently has come back to god & got married to mother of his child, has almost 2months clean from heroin & trying to get closer to god so he doesn't relapse again, they are awaiting their section8 housing please agree in prayer that god will help them with housing for them & children, 1 baby girl & 2 sons from previous relationship that his wife had, also please pray that his legal isssues gets resolved so he can move forward in his new awesome life...amen! - deborah, oregon | november 29, 2016 please pray that my children and grandchildren come to find jesus as the way for their lives. i pray that they come back to the church. - aileen, virginia | november 28, 2016 pray for america and the world and everyone to come together and feed,cloth and help one another till jesus christ returns! pray for our president barack hussein o'bama and his family, president elect donald john trump and his family, the vice-president joseph biden and his family, the vice-president elect michael pence and his family and all families in america and the world to join hearts and hands in prayer! - john, new jersey | november 28, 2016 please agree with me in prayer for yk a position memorial hermann 1635 greater heights hospital, cia new job, anthony a position intel, courtney pass the state exam, linda & james healing surgery, dottie, annette, raymond, cathy, damian all for healing speedy recovery louise cancer, tiz, paulette, dwayne, grady, donald salvation. thank you! - violet, tx | november 28, 2016 please ask the lord to heal me body, mind and spirit. also for financial help. i would like to be able to pay all my debts and do all the repairs needed on my home and car. to be cured of my illness and restored to perfect health. so i can continue to raise my grandchildren and serve the lord. - anonymous | november 28, 2016 my prayer is for those suffering from addiction. that our lord will heal them and release them fro the grips of satan. restoring peace and unity in their families. healing for ricky, jim g., dan g, gidget c. , danielle, john r., for they need your protection father from the evil that walks this earth. also for the healing of pat. r. for restoration to good health. - anonymous | november 28, 2016 i would like to put my granddaughter on your prayer request. has left her husband and neglected her 3 year precious little boy. she has already been arrested 3 or 4 times. speeding now pending another charge careless and reckless. he mother did the same to her, her mother fights addictions also thank you - anonymous | november 28, 2016 i'm pretty sure that god knows all my thoughts and feelings, so i wont write everything that i need prayer for. i just want my family to learn to love one another and we all get back together again. things fell apart after my parents died. my 3 sons hardly speak to each other. my husband is going through some health issues . this whole family needs prayer for forgivness and healing! this whole world needs prayer for peace and love !thank you - lopez family, nj | november 26, 2016 for myself: please lord, help me understand what is happening to me. please grant me the peace that surpasses all understanding. the things and people who disturb my peace, please help them to kinder to themselves and me. please stop the chatter in my head and help me do things for myself. help me do your will. - giovonnia | november 26, 2016 freedom for wrongly convicted woman jeannette s. she has been in prison for many years now and is in desperate need of freedom for herself, and her husband and son. all of which are innocent of the same crime. dna evidence may exonerate them but is exceptionally expensive to be done and funds are needed as well for this which has recently been approved by the court. - anonymous | november 26, 2016 for my family in its entirety. health issues, financial, and domestic matters as well as a good bible believing loving church. - peggy, nc | november 26, 2016 please pray to overcome for: 0. poland, freedom from religion to god through jesus christ, 0. church in the usa - matt. 3.12 1. stirring up the ministry to the god for me, my wife dorothy, our daughter ann, our sons peter and daniel - "..but as for me and my house, we will serve the lord" joshua 24.15 2. god's will and wisdom for me and my family; specially for learning in school for daniel,working for edmund, dorothy, peter (also god's direction for his life) and ann( ann needs husband), 3. god's order in my work. blessings and the knowledge of jesus christ for my bosses. thank god for the continuation of my work. - edmund krzeminski | november 25, 2016 praying for strength and patience with my mom as she has been living with me for past 3 months. i'm asking for prayers that her apt app gets approved next week for an apt and that she can move in next weekend before the weather gets worse. thank you. amen - penny brightman, illinois | november 25, 2016 i pray for all my children and wife to stay healthy and prosperity and i think the lord he has lifted me up 3 times in my life, thank you god for all your blessing, in jesus name, amen. - don, indiana | november 25, 2016 i am going to have 2 surgical procedures on my gull bladder the 1st being dec.15 2. i need a new place to live by dec 5 - anonymous | november 25, 2016 i feel somewhat guilty and embarrassed about this prayer, but my husband and i have been irresponsible with our finances. now we have fallen seriously behind in our property taxes. we have both woken up, but now need god's help in figuring out how to "catch up". i am selling on ebay, but things keep coming up, as far as expenses, like broken appliances, etc., and i cannot make a dent so far in our debt. please pray that god will help us to be able to pay our taxes off before the house is foreclosed upon. no, we are not living above our means.....just have blown way too much money and have not saved for taxes. please pray! - jacqueline, ny | november 22, 2016 please pray for my two sons for their salvation, one to be delivered from alcohol, that he would become a better dad, he has a son. - anonymous | november 21, 2016 please pray for my parents. my mom has copd & some days are harder than others to breathe & for my dad, he suffered a mild stroke a few years ago, now he has trouble with walking, hearing & his speech. thank you all - may god bless - anonymous | november 21, 2016 good morning: in this time of contemplation of wondering how the rest of this year ends and the new year with our new president. im pondering, god is faithful and can do all, anything is possible. im praying, for peace too be on everyone's list at thanksgiving&christmas...not just too be a topic of mentionable but too be something more, that everyone can hear, see, do, and they can even smell...know what im talking about? peaceful smells of lasting fragrance's of peace, like the freshness of a morning rain, frost, even the snow.....god bless every"one!" - lenamae, california | november 21, 2016 tomorrow, november 21st and november 22nd are important days for me. i was laid off from my job on september 20th and there are two really important job interviews that would propel me to the next level in my career. i haven't interviewed for a job in almost ten years. i ask you to join your faith to mine that god will be with me and give me the words to say on monday and tuesday. i believe god will be with me on this new journey, please join your faith to mine as i believe. - erica, boston ma | november 20, 2016 please pray for me and my family my name is kristie i am going through severe spiritual warfare and i seem to be losing i have tried everything humanly possible yet there are strong spiritual forces over us .please pray i submit to god so the devil will flee.thank you.to anyone who will pray. - kristie, tennessee | november 20, 2016 i have to urgent prayer requests that myself and my church have been praying for for nearly 15 months. could you please pray so my son gets a job he has not worked for 15 months and he really needs a job. also pray that my daughter sells her house and will be able to downsize. thanks and god bless you all - anonymous | november 17, 2016 i am in end stage renal failure. i need a kidney transplant. - nathan, canada || november 16, 2016 please pray for my daughter she may or may not be saved . she is fourteen and grown up in church and i led her to christ when she was six but i don't know if she understood it or not and i'm praying that the fruit of the spirit will bear out in her life. and also pray for my pastor he has some serious back issues. - anonymous | november 15, 2016 praying for safety, protection, guidance, peace while at work; i work in mental health/ behavioral health; in other words a psychiatric facility. i just want to work and do a good job. please pray for me. - marezie | november 15, 2016 i am asking for prayers for my son and i . we were an army family.we lost his dad to cancer 2 years ago. we are both still having a hard time adjusting and coping. we're in a place where we are both unhappy. we are awaiting news of possibly getting our own house in tn. please we ask comfort and guidance and happiness. i also need to get my ged and lord willing get through nursing school. it terrifies me that i will fail my son nd not be able to provide for him. but , i also ask for prayers for our troops and their families as well. thank you. - s.m. | november 13, 2016 please pray for me as i am afraid i may have breast cancer. i am mostly concerned about dying and leaving my youngest grand kids and husband. i surely need your prayers and pray god to heal me. thank you. - anonymous | november 13, 2016 hello, please pray to overcome for: 0. poland, freedom from religion to god through jesus christ, 0. church in the usa - matt. 3.12 1. stirring up the ministry to the god for me, my wife dorothy, our daughter ann, our sons peter and daniel - "..but as for me and my house, we will serve the lord" joshua 24.15 2. god's will and wisdom for me and my family; specially for learning in school for daniel,working for edmund, dorothy, peter (also god's direction for his life) and ann( ann needs husband), 3. god's order in my work. blessings and the knowledge of jesus christ for my bosses. - anonymous | november 12, 2016 my sister, her relationship with two women, that are sister's to a man in a prayer my sister needs to be aware of what is around her, to be aware of opportunity and not to hurt me. to not to hurt me by allowing people to use her to hurt me. somebody wants to change my life without my permission to steal, that are using lies i want those who lie to stay away from me, and to protect my house from them. - anonymous | november 11, 2016 financial miracle needed..in debt atm but i believe god is the supplier of every need! amen! -anonymous | november 11, 2016 feb.2016, my husband and the only family i have was arrested and sentenced to ten years in prison. he's never hurt anyone. in prison, he's given his heart to god. jesus now lives in his heart. he's struggling with surrendering all of his former ways to him. he wants to go back to drinking alcohol. we don't have a visitation day that we don't pray before leaving each other. when he gets out, he'll be a 60 yr old felon trying to find a job. without his income, i'm struggling paycheck to paycheck to live in a studio apartment. in order for him to live with me when he's released, we need a house to rent. i've put all this in the hands of god. help me pray for his freedom, a job and home for us both. we need each other. - cathy parr, az | november 10, 2016 praying for my son patrick to come back to god and his marriage. to love and respect his wife - shirley widner, texas | november 10, 2016 prayers go up for my 32 year old son , raised ina christian home but now back in jail . please pray for a healing in his mind, body, soul andspirit that hewillreturn to his first love of christ. - anonymous | november 10, 2016 pray for diane who has cancer. help doctors decide what is best plan for her. strength for her to get the treatments she needs help her to go through whatever she has to so she can heal. help mike to be strong when she isn't. god will hold her close and encourage her every day. god will be faithful if she opens up to him. - diane, north carolina | november 9, 2016 pray for my family, and me ... my life is being a little complicated. - loren, mexico | november 7, 2016 i lost my job recently and really need a renewal - anonymous | november 7, 2016 please pray for me and my family. i was diagnosed with breast cancer again. i had it 8 years ago. i am awaiting results of scans. i am facing chem and a mastectomy. my husband is taking it very hard. please pray this will bring ours sons closer to the lord. - debbie, indiana | november 6, 2016 prayer request for lendi orozco husband. for victory from immigration process. thanks so much for helping us to pray - anonymous | november 6, 2016 my sister, to be kinder, to be aware to be aware of the truth to reach to a man named david of a man in a prayer, and for david to be aware how to use the prayer of those who took advantage of my sister and her son. to free her relationship of it's problems, to know she has a family that is her son, the father and his aunts. to take her to her future of jesus christ. - anonymous | november 4, 2016 pray for finances full time employment and peace of mind - chandra, brooklyn | november 5, 2016 please pray for my husband who is in a residential program, that the lord may reveal all areas of sin in his life so that he may bring it to the cross for healing...pray also for me as i have suffered enormous hurt from all of this for so long... and so desperately need the lord to make me whole again. - anonymous | november 4, 2016 please pray for my family and my husband to serve the lord. - yohaira diaz, new jersey | november 4, 2016 i require prayer for stable employment as i'm ready to relocate anywhere in australia to find work. - john reynolds, western australia | november 4, 2016 please pray for my brother fred who had a traumatic brain injury on sept. 24. he is in intensive therapy but is still unresponsive. please also pray for his wife who relocated to be close to the rehab and for his two adult children. thank you. - anonymous | november 3, 2016 please pray for me and my future husband, the man that god has for me. pray that god brings the right man into my life soon. - natalie, california | november 3, 2016 i request intercessory prayer please for a cousin who left his wife because he wants to do something different with his life and not be married. also keep me in your prayers as i have lost both parents within these past few years and have no siblings or family. i know that god is with me and that i am not alone but i still feel alone. also i need god to supernaturally provide as i am falling behind on some bills which makes it harder to pay the bills off due to fees. running risk of shutoffs as well. also need a second job that i would delight in it and would be a christian company. thank you. - anonymous | november 1, 2016 please pray for my marriage. my husband is having issues fighting anger. he stays angry all the time at everything. i feel as if i do or say nothing right. we have discussed his anger issues and i honestly feel that he doesn't try to correct the initial problem. he has wandered away from the lord. he is a baby christian. please pray for the lord to renew his desire for him, and pray that he will help him deal with his anger issues, and that we will both give the other grace. please pray for healing in our hearts. thank you. - anonymous | october 31, 2016 dear lord, walk with us today. let us feel your strength, your love, and your wisdom. show us where you are working in our lives so that we may help those around us. let us lift each other up and make the world you gave us a better place. spread your peace over us so that we may be patient and kind. your love will heal us. in jesus name. amen - your loving daughter | october 30, 2016 please pray for my brother fred who had a traumatic brain injury on sept. 24. he is in intensive therapy but is still unresponsive. please also pray for his wife who relocated to be close to the rehab and for his two adult children. thank you. - anonymous | october 30, 2016 for our finances & health problems increase as we age. it is scary we have no more emergency funds, need to find senior housing but need money to do that. for my mom, jackie, she is not doing too well & the assisted living is not taking care of her, not good, please pray that mom is as okay as she can be and will renew her faith before it is too late. - anonymous | october 28, 2016 please pray for my young adult grandchildren, kyle and jessica. they are both struggling with life decisions, especially kyle, who seems to have lost his way. he is becoming estranged from my daughter who has tried so desperately to guide him. please ask god to give them both strength and guidance, to hear his voice and find their way. god bless and thank you. - anonymous, washington il | october 28, 2016 please pray for my husband tommy. he has been in icu for a month now. he has had several strokes and sepsis. he is in a hospital that is 3 hours away from our home. he had to be airlifted there. please stand with for his healing. that we may be able to use this time as a testimony to the power of prayer and god’s great love for us. we also have a 9 year old daughter. - tommy tucker & family, wyoming | october 28, 2016 please pray for my husband who is on daily dialysis and waiting for a kidney transplant. - anonymous | october 28, 2016 my wife underwent back surgery earlier this year but it only gave her partial relief. she is struggling with the state of california in getting the accommodations prescribed by her doctors. i have been diagnosed with 10 bulging discs. 4 of which are pushing on my spinal cord. 2 of which have completely flattened my spinal cord. because of the nature and position, so far surgeons have refused to do the surgery. i will, in time become a paraplegic. i pray for my wife who carries the burden of being sole provider. i am applying for disability and my wife is facing early disability retirement. please pray for our future housing situation as we rent and direction from the lord. most of all to continue giving thanks and praise to god for our afflictions and situation. - william miller, nevada | october 28, 2016 please pray for my husband earl. we are looking for a full time (8 hour) position for him in the state of hawaii. he’s been working as a custodian going on 12 years but he has only been getting a 4 hour shift. we are also praying for our own home. we have signed up for habitat housing. we got called to bring our paystubs and information and now they are saying we make too much money. we are praying that we have god’s favor for the 4 bedroom home. please pray for our finances so that we can stop living check to check. we had 11 children; his, hers and ours. we lost our son naumu boy at 23 years old. he in fact passed on his birthday. today would have been his 26th birthday. naumu boy we love you and miss you a lot. can’t wait to see you son. we also have 23 grandchildren and 1 more on the way. thank you for all the prayers. we appreciate it! god bless you and have a great day. aloha - harilynn, hawaii | october 27, 2016 pray for my husband’s salvation. been praying for 37 years and i know he is searching. but in a different religion. i believe gods word and we were married a few years when i got saved. but sometime get weary. thank you. - lucy, arizona | october 26, 2016 i am nervous that i will not get my real estate license. i am studying and will start school next month. please pray that i learn real estate and pass my exam. please pray that i will be successful in real estate. thank you for praying and god bless you! - michael, texas | october 25, 2016 please, join my faith with yours in prayer for god's direction as i am planning to get married this year. divine direction, understanding and god fearing marriage. - anonymous | october 24, 2016 please pray that i will better understand god's will in all areas of my life. thanks. - anonymous | october 23, 2016 pray that god give me the strength to do his will. pray for my sister gloria who had a stroke on oct 7 that god will restore he health back. my sister christine that god will heal her body. pray for 2 of my brother that are on drugs that god will delivering them . pray for my brother roger who has 4 children that he taking care of by his self. they lost their mother 3yrs ago. pray that god will bless with a house. - anonymous | october 23, 2016 i’m asking for healing of reproductive system to be fruitful to have babies. - sharma | october 22, 2016 i got see ravi on life today & it's what our nation is needing from the church. i believe those of you in leadership speaking out will bring about the wake up we all need, a time of refreshing & direction thank you i am praying for you sir. please pray for me also to be led by wisdom? - elizabeth, texas | october 22, 2016 my prayer request-please forward to the prayer team and that i need protection from satan in people he's using 24/7. - lance | october 21, 2016 please pray for a financial breakthrough as well strength to finish school - pray for confidence that i grow and increase god in all areas of my life - will | october 20, 2016 my nephew, a marine, is overseas and is now missing and in danger. we need prayers to get him home safe. - anonymous | october 20, 2016 please pray for david, who is in prison and is estranged from his wife janice, and their teenagers, leif and nels, who are going through a difficult time. please pray that god's wisdom and will be done and put their family back together again. - anonymous | october 19, 2016 please continue to pray for our country and for the american people to soften their hearts and seek the guidance of our savior. we need a president in office that will lead us. - anonymous | october 19, 2016 please pray for my friend bob that he would hear the truth and receive it and submit to christ. - anonymous | october 19, 2016 please pray that god would give the whole body of christ, one heart to serve the kingdom and the beloved son jesus. - nicholas | october 19, 2016 i need prayer. i been diagnosed with tmj which i had for years now. also we are overwhelmed with our debt. pray for my family to keep our faith in god please and thank-you. god bless you all. - irene | october 19, 2016 please pray for my oldest daughter. she has been estranged from me since may of this year. i would also ask that she would come back to jesus!! thank you so much! - marilee wildgirl, nv | october 18, 2016 please for my husband brian, that he may receive christ as his savior!! - anonymous | october 18, 2016 please pray for my marriage i am under so much stress just need peace and a whole lot of laughter. - anonymous | october 18, 2016 please pray for my sister who has a rapidly growing cancer. help us be patient. pray for my husband who allows fear and anxiety to rule him even though he knows jesus, it is causing our marriage to be destroyed. - kitty, ca | october 18, 2016 please pray for our church morning star, i know god has a plan for this group of people. please give us patience to wait for your plan to unfold, give us eyes to see opportunities you put before us, help us be a help to others & ourselves, set our hearts to do your work giving you the glory. amen - anonymous | october 18, 2106 i would like prayer for our country and our nation. - hattie, pennsylvania | october 18, 2016 please pray for my daughter's eyes to be opened and that she would once again embrace christ has her savior and source. - anonymous | october 17, 2016 pray for my brother kevin who lives in maryland has a successful operation at john hopkins hospital in december to remove a tumor on his kidney, also that he gets healed of pancreatic cancer. in order to be able to make it to his daughter's wedding in june. seven months ago the doctors gave him two months to live, but since then his tumor has shrunk 85%! - anonymous | october 16, 2016 please pray to overcome for: 0. poland, freedom from religion to god through jesus christ, 0. church in the usa - matt. 3.12 1. stirring up the ministry to the god for me, my wife dorothy, our daughter ann, our sons peter and daniel - "..but as for me and my house, we will serve the lord" joshua 24.15 2. god's will and wisdom for me and my family; specially for learning in school for daniel,working for edmund, dorothy, peter (also god's direction for his life) and ann( ann needs husband), 3. i thank the god for obtaining a job - i need a job - edmund | october 15, 2016 please pray for my son and his wofe, they are going through financial struggles which is causing other issues to arise. thank you - elsa | october 14, 2016 i am a single mom of three. would like prayer for god to send me a mate to be a heart on fire for god, i would like pray for my parents marriage and bring them back to him married36 yr. for family and friends that know you lord...that i will shine for you for them. thank you brothers and sisters in christ - daysy, washington | october 13, 2016 i recently got a job at a christian, ethically grounded, store (i was unaware of how much they seek to exemplify his kingdom until orientation). this environment could change my life and i love work! i assisted with the set-up of the store but am still labeled as seasonal/temporary. please pray for the lord's will as i hope for and strive to obtain a full-time position. - charlotte | october 13, 2016 please pray for my dad, david. he is facing cancer at age 79 and beg for god's peace, love, and presence. thank you. - anonymous, ohio | october 13, 2016 my best friend, age 42, recently passed away. his three sons (each under 18) and daughter need special prayer. he was private and no one knew he was sick, including me, his roommate. - shafter | october 13, 2016 asking for prayer for all the cancer patients and anyone that needs jesus as their personal savior. to be able to come and join other believers in prayer is a honor. - anita | october 13, 2016 for my son and daughter, that their choices are in line with god's and that they learn to be obedient to his word - anonymous | october 12, 2016 please pray that both my daughter and i would be healed from bronchitis. thank you! - patricia, new jersey | october 12, 2016 please pray that i get an early shift at work. we bid on shifts today. please pray united healthcare will let me work earlier. thanks and god bless! - michael, texas | october 12, 2016 i pray god will change my husband’s heart. - anonymous | october 12, 2016 for god to watch over my kids and help them make better choices for themselves and their families. - anonymous | october 12, 2016 please pray for my 87 year old mother. that she will have peace and healing. - lena | october 12, 2016 please pray that michael , martha, jessica , and monica will attend church regularly and grow in christ. please pray that as a family we rededicate ourselves to jesus! - michael, frisco | october 12, 2016 please i need to have an encounter with jesus and to be certain of his love. - lynette | october 11, 2016 god please bless me with a wife - anthony | october 11, 2016 please pray for me a new job that god would have me at that i would enjoy going to. and a godly husband that he has chosen for me. salvation for my son walt. thank you. - sonya | october 10, 2016 please pray for my daughter lisa. we just found out that she has a very rare bone marrow disease. she also tested positive for lupus. there is no cure for this and the treatment is chemo pills. i know nothing is impossible for my god! thank you so much and god bless! - cathy, pa | october 10, 2016 please pray for beverly mullican, healing for her right leg, please pray for healing diabetes, please pray for restoration. - sharon l | october 6, 2016 please pray for my son, michael j pfau, salvation & healing for his mind & soul, thank thee, - sharon l pfau | october 6, 2016 pray for both of my daughter to come back to god. pray without ceasing for my youngest daughter to know that the voice and anointing that god gave her is not for night clubs, but for god and his glory. she is a gifted writer and anointed singer. - sheila lundy, louisiana | october 6, 2016 please pray for my marriage, n family. my husband have been separated for 8 months and he's going to file for divorce after 18 yrs of marriage. i just want healing and to be able accept god's will whatever it may be. pray for forgiveness on both sides and for the family to be spared the effects of divorce. - sandra, orange ca | october 6, 2016 i work as a cashier. i love the customers, but the management there is very difficult to work for. i have been raising my granddaughter, who is now fifteen, singlehandedly for the past ten years. she was recently in an automobile accident in which she broke her neck. last year, she fell in a parking lot and fractured her wrist, and another time she fell down the stairs and fractured her tailbone. i can use all of the prayers i can get, as i’m on a shoestring budget and have no family to help out. - kathryn gubitz, spring tx | october 5, 2016 pray god will give my husband reginald & my sons bless-sed & zack a mind to turn from sin to jesus light. that habits will be broken and destroyed out of their life. pray for increase of souls coming into our church. also, for god to give me increase of knowledge & understanding of his word. i need the curse broken off some property for them to be sold for price i’m asking.. - dorothy moody, florida | october 5, 2016 please pray that god will get me the supply specialist job i interviewed for 2 wks ago. they said it would take 3 wks to hear after everyone else was interviewed. i should be contacted sometime this week. this job is exactly what i've been looking for, and i’m more than qualified for it. it is also key to my future retirement plans. and please ask father yahweh for this in jesus' name. thank you so much! - pat baird, erie pa | october 5, 2016 i have a sister who has been diagnosed with renal failure and she is in need of a kidney transplant. she's been on the waiting list for 8 years and now she's at the top of the list, but on last week she was told that she may have major damage to her liver. please pray for her healing; as we are. thank you sisters and brothers in christ. - donaiel allen, lenoir nc | october 5, 2016 please pray for my co-worker who is suddenly very ill at a very young age and is hospitalized. i pray that he recovers and can enjoy his life again. - anonymous | october 4, 2016 please pray for my co-worker who is suddenly very ill at a very young age and is hospitalized. i pray that he recovers and can enjoy his life again. - anonymous | october 4, 2016 prayers for sister vicki brown diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver. - pj john, illinois | october 4, 2016 prayers that our financial insecurities, which look like a mountain, be moved. - anonymous | october 3, 2016 my son was arrested today for theft. please pray that this experience will bring him back closer to god and that he will realize that he needs to cut out the cancer of friends that he has had that influenced his activity. please pray that he will be kept safe. - anonymous | october 2, 2016 spiritual and physical growth at our small church. - anonymous | october 2, 2016 pray for me. i went to a church that has spiritual abused me and i am deeply hurting. i went to experience love and was so wounded by cruelty and abuse i fear i may never go to another church again. i am so afraid. - anonymous | october 2, 2016 my only son has just enlisted in the marine corps. pray that he will seek salvation, if he hasn't done so already and that he will walk with god on this journey he is about to take. help him to see that he can't do this without god. - anonymous | october 2, 2016 me & my family: healing. finances. relationships. homeschooling. help with various things. salvation for family members!! thank you!! - rcp, va | october 2, 2016 please pray for my family. i pray for their safety, their relationship with god and deliverance from any and all things that keep them from serving him. - anonymous | october 2, 2016 please pray to our heavenly father for me as i am having major health crisis. all i wish to know is if this storm is to bring him glory. his will is my life-long mission. thank you - william bogart, ny | october 1, 2016 please pray for my best friend/boyfriend. he has been struggling with a lot lately and is dealing with depression and anxiety. he's also very angry at an uncle and i'm afraid he could hurt him with the state of mind he's currently in. he needs salvation! please help me pray for him! thank you! - michele delp, dalton ne | october 1, 2016 please pray for our great nation during this election time. - n. shannon | october 1, 2016 that my daughter will conceive a normal healthy baby . god enlighten her life and guide her decisions. my daughter is suffering of physical & emotional distress . - gt, long beach | september 30, 2016 i have a neighbor who is a christian as well as her husband... they just got married. she has a little boy of 5 and a baby under a year... she's having trouble communicating with her husband.. he's not listening to her pleas of how he is always away from her fishing and she feels like a single mom. he dismisses her feelings as being invalid. and she is trying very hard to raise her boy with morals. therefore please lift her up so she will have wisdom, and revelation to know what she needs to do! for her husband to realize she wants this to work. - anonymous | september 30, 2106 my 2 year old is being physically and emotionally abused! (it has been reported to the police and child services). i pray god removes her from this situation or makes it stop! i pray gods will be done!! - anonymous | september 29, 2016 good health and more money. - shirley, smyrna tn | september 29, 2016 for our only son to return to the true lord in repentance and to us, his family. for our middle daughter to choose life for her body-health. for surrender to our lord. - anonymous | september 29, 2016 please pray for my son and daughter in law. they have turned away from god and his calling. they are now drinking and partying and no longer go to church or worship god. my heart hurts for a life wasted. god has so much for them to do for him. - lm, georgia | september 28, 2016 i have to make a major decision by friday. please pray that god will guide me in the path he wishes me to go. i pray to be in his will. - jd | september 27, 2016 i humbly ask for prayer for sue, my sister-in-law. she has begun a journey of inner healing from a life of doing her own will. god is purifying her and removing what doesn’t belong. she has deep wounds, and needs the gifts of surrender, greater faith and trust that god knows what he is doing. she has a deep father wound that can only be healed by our abba. let us pray that every spiritual need will be met. in return, may god bless you and your family abundantly for your intercessory prayers. thank you. - anonymous, south carolina | september 27, 2016 sale of our home so that we can move closer to children and grandchildren. - anonymous | september 27, 2016 i pray that our family friend, amanda heal fully from her arm and hand surgery and that she gain full mobility. - lynn, nj | september 26, 2016 i pray, that chris piccilo be born-again. also, that peace be given to helen after the loss of her 30 year old daughter and that she too be born-again - lynn, nj | september 26, 2016 physical and spiritual safety for my college age daughter, hillary who is studying in europe until january. thank you - linda, northern new jersey | september 26, 2016 please lift up the learning communities and the education systems in the cities all across our nation. ask god to raise up teachers and administrators that share the love, grace, and mercy of the savior. cry out to god about the destiny of the generations to come. that they would experience the truth and power of the gospel of the kingdom. - marcus, philadelphia pa | september 26, 2016 please pray for me, that i may find the road that god would have me travel. that i might have peace in my soul. - donetta, michigan | september 25, 2016 please pray for me and my salvation. i feel hopeless. - anonymous | september 25, 2016 my baby sister has been diagnosed with early onset alzheimer’s. please pray for her healing and a peace that surpasses all understanding. - jd | september 24, 2016 dear, father god i thank you for all your mercy and grace, you’ve given my family and myself. lord you brought me a mighty long way. i truly love my god. please continued to bless my family and keep all us safe through it all. we are so glad to be alive. amen - anonymous | september 24, 2016 that god provide $190.00 for one of my utility bills today or early tomorrow to prevent disconnection of services supernaturally - dawn, west virginia | september 24, 2016 please stand in prayer and agreement for truth and justice to prevail beginning to end as the dc school officials do not care that my granddaughter ,saved 15,and my grandson 8 have been stampeded ,given a concussion, fractured bruises, arm, smashed and almost lost two fingers at the hands of bullies in their classes ,public school takoma ele, william doar public chartered middle school,, all covered up and dismissed by the principal, special needs federal overseers called osse and grant givers, such as children’s trust. - pastor tanya, washington dc | september 23, 2016 i am requesting prayer for my family we are in need of prayer for all in this home and family outside god knows all but please thank you. - gaskins family | september 23, 2016 brother has dementia and parkinson's. beautiful person. please pray for healing and restoration. i believe and hope you join me in believing. - anonymous | september 22, 2016 please pray for my son, jason, wife, fiona who have turned against me when i tried to correct them about having a male babysitter for their two girls, olivia and lillian. they basically pushed me out of the family as a grandmother. they want me to apologize but i know i did the right thing and see no reason to apologize. they live in the nelson area while i live in the victoria area on vancouver island. please pray for their salvation. - gerry, british columbia | september 22, 2016 please pray for my family financial miracle. - catalina | september 22, 2016 please pray for joshua, age 21, for courage guidance as he searches for the life god intended him to live. he has developmental problems adhd and high anxiety. he’s trying to work. please pray. - gramma, ct | september 21, 2016 please pray that god would continuously provide, protect, strengthen our marriage. - anonymous | september 21, 2016 please pray for shayne. he’s in prison and will be out next summer. - anonymous, ct | september 21, 2016 i need financial healing along with physical and relationships healing. - anonymous | september 21, 2016 please pray for god's will to be done in our lives and to save our son (mitch) who is battling melanoma. he is in the lord's hands and we ask for healing. - lenae, idaho | september 20, 2016 please pray for a sweet baby boy to be healed from cancer. please pray for a sweet young girl who has a rare bone disease. please pray for a young man who has lost his way and in jail. please pray for healing, protection, mercy and love for us all. thank you. in jesus name i pray for you. - anonymous | september 20, 2016 please pray for my two sons and i. we lost their father a few months ago to a senseless killing. the pain is unbearable at times. but i'm trusting that god will bring us through. - anonymous | september 20, 2016 i’m wanting to attend seminary school but i’m not sure of my calling. - anonymous | september 20, 2016 pray for healing for my family and restoration - anonymous | september 19, 2016 please pray for my daughter, december, she just needs a mighty outpouring of jesus’ love on her. thank you. - anonymous | september 18, 2016 please pray for my children, jerry, kingsley, and elise and my husband. they need divine protection from the almighty lord. my sister, she needs healing from her surgery and protection. barbara needs protection. amen. - barbara owusu, ny | september 18, 2016 i pray that god save, heal, and fill me, my husband, children, and grandchildren with the holy spirit of the holy ghost in jesus holy name...my entire family included...thank you god for your blood covering - anonymous | september 27, 2016 please pray for my wife’s family. they lost their father yesterday and they are all a really close family. they really need our prayers! - verlon grantham, douglas ga | september 17, 2016 pray that my prodigal husband will begin to fear the lord and will come to his senses. that he will come back to god and home to his wife and kids. - anonymous | september 16, 2016 please pray for my niece, leah, who requires six sessions of chemotherapy for breast cancer. she had her first treatment on sept. 7th and is experiencing some very harsh side effects. please pray that she will be able to tolerate her treatments and ultimately be healed. thank you for praying. - laurie singletary, louisiana | september 16, 2016 lord i pray for my son, angelo. please bless him and make him a blessing. - anonymous | september 15, 2016 mr. and mrs keith young and family. our hearts and prayers are with you today and all the days to come. we pray god will deliver the strength and courage to you and all of your loved ones. may god help you all find peace and may you all join hands to become an even stronger,loving family. you have our hearts. - the masters | september 13, 2016 prayer is needed for guidance for me in the upcoming year. i’m taking on a church leadership role and want to be guided onto the correct path. blessings to all that read this. - deb preissinger, texas | september 11, 2016 please pray for a godly husband. - yvonne, monterey | september 11, 2016 the christian youth camp that i cook for in holcombe wi, has some choices that need to be made, that could affect its ability to stay up and ready for the summer of 2017. please pray for the people making decisions, will decide to stay........i know i will. we serve and teach them about the bible and all god has to offer, many people have accepted christ through this camp.....thank you - bethann, oshkosh wi | september 10, 2016 pray god gives me the strength, endurance, and can pass the test of life. wish i could go back with my family and the integrity of the family relationship. - nitcharat sangngam, thailand | september 10, 2016 please pray for my grandparents. my grandfather keeps falling and my granny is seeing to him. keep her strong. pray for my husband. he’s a truck driver and as we all know anything can happen on the road. prayers for our marriage and our christian walk. i just want prayer for everyone going through something. - anonymous | september 10, 2016 please pray for fellow cbmc’er david stevenson. david is asking for prayers for his son-in-law cole who is battling tumors in his liver. cole will visit his doctor today to see if his numbers are at a level at which they can administer a higher dose of chemo. cole will also undergo a ct scan this month, so we pray for good news on that front, as well. -stan, missouri | september 9, 2016 asking to join me and the lord , asking our fathers healing touch over and through my moms body , she had 2 brain strokes left her speechless and impair speech ,and cant swallow has no function ,communication from brain to say swallow , she is aware of family, but cant walk on her own ,she is in rehab nursing facility very weak ,has stage 5 kidney failure , on dialysis, m,w,f.. diabetic...mom needs a miracle from jesus !! please help the prayers reach heaven for mom .. thank you - from dre, california | september 9, 2016 please pray for me and my children. we have fallen from our prayer life as well as going to church. i plan on attending this coming sunday, but i need prayer to continue to study the word and remain focus on god. i pray that my children who young adults get encouraged to do the same. thank you and may god bless you all. - marvyne wagnac, connecticut | september 9, 2016 pray for my daughter traci. goes to lawyer tomorrow 9/9 for some serious charges and needs favor, grace, mercy, and truth to be revealed to all involved. god break every chain, curse, lies, and sickness involved in this matter. god looks on her heart and man only sees the outside. she needs a lot of help mentally, physically, emotionally and financially. thank you for your prayers. god restore her health and hope. ps. 27 the lord is the strength of her life. - anonymous | september 8, 2016 my mom was diagnosed with stage 3 cancer, i'm praying for full deliverance from the cancer. god's strength to continue fighting the good fight, family unity and harmony. pray for my dad who's been a loving and caring husband trough this trial, physical and mental strength. pray for my friend who has been encountering spiritual battles with her husband and son. pray that god mend the relationship between father and son. - laura, california | september 8, 2016 praise report. on august 30,i requested prayer for a 14 year old boy who had been in a car accident. his condition was critical. cracked skull, damaged lungs which had him on a ventilator, internal bleeding. but god has answered. he is now off the ventilator and breathing on his own. also internal bleeding has stopped. there was no damage to his brain. thank you for your prayers. they are so appreciated. - b, new york | september 7, 2016 i am asking you to pray for me have loss my mother in september of 2015 i been reading my bible every morning and evening need the strength to move forward known that i am not alone god is here with me and feel my heart that is broken right now. sometimes i feel blessed that god will never leave me that the promise of this word i just have keep my faith in my lord jesus. - anonymous | september 6, 2016 please pray for my son and my grandson. i'm asking our lord to bring very deep cleansing, healing and deliverance for them both. they both were believers but have strayed away. i'm asking our lord to draw them back to him through the power of his holy spirit. and all in the almighty and ever faithful name of jesus. amen - em | september 5, 2016 please pray for me and my husband who are new parents. for god to give us the knowledge and wisdom to raise our son in god’s word. thank you! - anonymous | september 5, 2016 please pray for my church and church family that we see the harvest in this season that we may grow in faith to increase our territory to be a blessing to others. our mission is to bring the unsaved to christ first and foremost. i pray we come together as one with one mind on christ. - anonymous | september 4, 2016 5 unspoken prayer request, god knows the needs and the reasons. please theses are very serious. thank you and god bless everyone. - debra chilton, piedmont mo | september 4, 2016 please pray for my church and church family that we see the harvest in this season that we may grow in faith to increase our territory to be a blessing to others. our mission is to bring the unsaved to christ first and foremost. i pray we come together as one with one mind on christ. - anonymous | september 4, 2016 please pray for me to do better in college so i can become a better writer and speaker for the lord jesus. i also need prayers for a financial blessing. i also need prayers for my colonscopy appointment on sept 12, 2016. i am so scared! one more, can you pray for my marriage? god bless you for praying for my husband and me. - anonymous, hornell ny | september 1, 2016 my mom suffered a stroke in june 2016. she currently is in hospice. i have dealt with death of six family members in the last two years and trying to stay strong for her. my work is very stressful making for quiet time with god to reflect on the importance of our blessings and the gifts that we are given every day. need prayers for my strength to be deepen with the every changing cycle of life while connecting stronger with god and others to strengthen my faith and receive the grace of god. - anonymous, ohio | august 30, 2016 a boy age 14 was in a car accident on 8/21/2016. he obtained many injuries. he has been in intensive care unit since the accident. please pray for god to heal his injuries. many are praying for him. we want god to get the glory for this miracle that we are asking for. - anonymous, new york | august 30, 2016 i want prayer to stay in good health. blessings. - tamarjones, michigan | august 29, 2016 please pray for my family. i lost my job just and i have to pay for my kids school books. i have no money and my finances are drained and i am just lost. god knows i leave it in his hand but i am broken and seeking prayer. they said no books, no school. please pray for my family. - howard r, downey ca | august 29, 2016 my husband of 20 years deserted my children and me 6 weeks ago. i am devastated and have slipped into a deep depression. i need to be strong for my children, but no matter how much i pray, it doesn't seem to be working. i just want to be alone and cry. i can barely function. please pray for my family - for my children, that they know they are still loved. for me - that i will become strong. and mostly, for my husband, that he will see what he has done and come back to his family. thank you. - anonymous | august 26, 2016 please lift up my parents and family in your prayers. my mom was diagnosed in january with breast cancer and my dad suffers from degenerative disc disease. i know we serve a mighty creator and great physician... may our faith continue to be strong as we stand together against these afflictions and may we always give god all the praise and glory!! - cortni, virginia | august 26, 2016 i pray for the children of the lord god, that they are covered by the blood of jesus christ. i pray for their endurance in this race that we run for christ. i also pray for those who are to be called to christ, and to receive eternal life! i pray for the lost, the sick, those who persecute others, the shut-in, the needy, and the spiritually dead souls that need revival and restoration today! i pray for restoration, redemption, love, peace, kindness, humbleness, and all of the fruits of the spirit in the name of jesus christ amen! - christina, mississippi | august 26, 2016 my brother, david, has been diagnosed with throat cancer. he is no longer walking with the lord, so my first concern is for his spirit. he is very compassionate and kind of laid back, so he didn't tell me until one day when i called him. i am asking for prayer for his spiritual condition first, and that the lord would use this to bring him to total repentance. he thinks he is ok spiritually, but nothing could be farther from the truth. thank you all. - gloria ann, south lake tahoe ca | august 16, 2016 pray for unsaved loved ones, sick family members, my husband had 3 strokes. - anonymous | august 24, 2016 please keep my body on our prayer list. it is hurting very badly, my knee joints. - richard armstrong | august 15, 2016 my special needs son has started jr high 2 weeks ago. one of his deficits is the lack of social skills & i tried to work with the staff before school started & 2 days after school started. i was assured they were on it. on 8/15 he was punched twice & attacked verbally by another special needs student that he knows. this student verbal bullied him again on 8/18. we need legal representation & can’t afford it. we have a special meeting with the school district & the school/district aren’t taking this seriously. my son is being impacted with a lot of anxiety, not sleeping or eating well. we need a huge miracle this week!!!! - nancy, ca | august 24, 2016 i hope to receive my trust fund so i can move to an apartment where i can live happily and that my anxiety and mental illness will improve so i can live on my own. - gail tussing, fort dodge | august 15, 2016 please asking the lord to bless me with a twins children. - barbara, new york | august 22, 2016 a little girl has had surgery for tumors in different parts of her body. she is only 15 months old. we are asking god to touch her little body and heal her. only god knows what is the best thing for her, because he knows the future, and he know s what kind of life she might have . the same thing happened with our daughter. when she was 22 months old she had meningitis. even though i loved her dearly i knew i had to leave her in the arms of jesus. he not only healed her, he made her whole. she has been a blessing to the people who know her . she is a wife and mother of 2 kids of her own , and has taken in a little special needs boy to raise! - baby jaycee | august 15, 2016 please pray for my daughter she has been diagnosed with bone cancer. we believe that our god is a prayer answering god.pray for me also recently had a heart attack on july 17,2016. - anonymous | august 22, 2016 dear jesus, i humbly ask for an answer to all that send up prayers to you oh great and glorious father god. you know each heart oh lord and you know the best solutions to every problem we all face daily. we live in a world gone crazy that just ignore you lord and your word. please do a miracle somehow lord god and bring america back to you again. there are so many that need you. help them find you. revive us again! amen. - steven, alaska | august 22, 2016 please pray for my friend’s dad. he is the glue that keeps the family together, fighting cancer... it breaks my heart to see him as he is :-( keep fighting "daddy-o" lots of love - anonymous, ottawa on | august 14, 2016 hi all. i'm in the worst situation in my life. i'm in my late 50s and alone. i have no family of my own. my heart & health is failing me, constant pain can't even describe. i've been a (really small) business owner for almost 20 years. a few really large corporations have taken my main customers so i have almost no income anymore. bills and threats are stacking up all around me. my life goal was to build a christian reading room & bible research center. i've been able to collect up several thousand books over the years as my budget would allow. i'm ok with it if it is my time to die. but my hearts rips thinking that i may not make it to see the library center set up. i have nightmares about people walking in and taking parts and it will all be for nothing. my church has gotten to be more about appearances & stage performance than really ministering the gospel. i've been praying and fasting, but ! some sort of breakthrough is just not coming. please pray god send me help! - tim, gulf coast | august 22, 2016 pray for obedience in my life. i am far away from the lord. - anonymous | august 14, 2016 please pray for our daughter dahlia she been not feeling good. also please pray that i find a graveyard job where i can watch dahlia in daytime. also pray for my husband and i can have a great anniversary 2nd on aug 30. - anonymous | august 22, 2016 i pray that god brings a prayer revival to my church in miami, florida. may the good lord revive each saint’s heart with the love, passion, desire and a hunger and thirst for our lord and master jesus christ. this is my prayer for my church family. this i ask in jesus’ name. amen. - anonymous, miami fl | august 14, 2016 i'm trusting god and leaning into him for healing of my broken heart. i'm discouraged! please pray for my broken marriage and for softening of my husbands hardened heart. also, would you please pray for my adult son who is off track and has moved away from the lord. his path is not honoring to the lord and ultimately not a fullfilling and peace filled life. thank you for praying for our broken family. - kathryn, colorado | august 19, 2016 please pray for our daughter who is having anxiety issues. we want her to feel god’s love and to trust in him and to not be so worried about worldly things. i also pray that she reunites with a friend. - anonymous | august 11, 2016 hi, i'm a wife and mother and was dx with stage iv colon in 2014. i am happy to see my lord in heaven. but i don't want to leave my husband and children just yet. my children are early teens. but i do want to be healed body, spirit, and mind. thank you - becky | august 19, 2016 i pray that god bestowed these prayers according to his will on all my brothers and sisters on this prayer list. that they continue to pray for one another. i pray for all my children to give their life to christ and my children 18 and under to continue to follow jesus christ and carry out what he has for their life. i pray my husband rid drugs for the rest of his life and become the leader he is suppose to be in jesus name amen - anonymous | august 11, 2016 graduation with master's degree next year. healing of my left foot. healing & restoration of my paralyzed arm. to publish a christian book. knowing & serving in the place of ministry where god wants me for his glory - debbee, tx | august 19, 2016 please pray for me as i am expecting my first child with my husband and want a healthy safe delivery and baby. please pray for my aunt who is struggling with bad choices and her children are also having struggles and suffering....please pray for my family to overcome those personal hardships and get on a path of peace and better life decisions. please pray for my marriage to have patience and understanding for one another. thank you. amen - anonymous, ca | august 11, 2016 i pray to be at peace in my own life and to encourage others. - lane lewis, virginia | august 11, 2016 please pray for a 5 year old child who was shot 10 times in philadelphia, pa by a drive by shooter. the child is recuperating in the hospital and has already had seven operations, scheduled to have more, and a stay of up to 2-3 months in the hospital. he is alert and able to speak, praise god. please pray for the parents and the rest of the family. pray however the lord leads for the five year old. the lord is keeping him. god bless you. - regina, pa | august 19, 2016 please pray for me. i am going to have surgery on 7 vertebrae on the 22nd. they will remove the top of each and put screws on each and a rod on each side and bone graft. i will be in the hospital for 3 days and then "rehab" for 1 or 2 weeks depending on how fast i heal. i am 77 years old. please pray for no complications, for the surgeon's hands to be those of the lord and peace and quick healing. thanking you, in christ - jewel | august 11, 2016 my prayer request is for myself, for my financial blessing. i am asking for prayer for my family. may the lord speak to us in a way that we know that he is in control of our lives. i'm asking for healing for my family. thank you amen - dg, ky | august 18, 2016 please pray for my brother terry and my niece leah who very shortly will both require life altering cancer surgery. my brother's home also flooded during the recent rains in louisiana. - laurie, louisiana | august 17, 2016 i am standing in the need of prayer. i need more than what i am getting at the church i attend. i love it there and the congregation is dwindling. i want to be closer to god and i now and reading my bible and praying more and trying to be obedient. but i feel a need for more worship and fellowship at our church. please pray for our church. i don't want to leave there but feel like if things don't change, i may be doing that soon. - shelly, arkansas | august 10, 2016 please pray for my son that he will get off drugs. pray for me to have peace and understanding. - anonymous | august 17, 2016 i realize this may sound frivolous but my husband and i are going through a great financial need. we have prayed and prayed. we have done everything we felt god was saying in his word. nothing seems to be happening. only getting worse. this is the first time i have ever felt like god has forsaken us. i feel hopeless, and that scares me. please pray for us both and i suffer from depression too. - pam, north carolina | august 10, 2016 please pray for the change of pastoral leadership at the church in my local community. please pray for our financial lack to be turned around to continue to provide for the surrounding families. please pray for the entire team of workers assisting in the process. we desire to help as many as we can and we stand in the need of new vision and multiple streams of manifested resources. thank you! - anonymous | august 17, 2016 please pray for my continue relationship with my boyfriend. we want to continue to have god the head of our relationship. also, for our country in this election year. "whoever is in the whitehouse doesn't matter because he who is on the thrown in heaven is much greater" - j, illinois | august 10, 2016 i am requesting prayer for my son mark (51 years of age) who has had a stroke, and cannot talk. he is also bleeding internally. please pray for him. our trust is in the will of god. - carol, il | august 17, 2016 please pray for me. i need your healing prayers.i am 68 years old. i suffer from heart problems and diabetes. diabetes has caused kidney problems and liver problems (i do not drink or smoke) i will be most happy for your help in prayer. please pray for my miracle. i also suffer from depression and anxiety.this has a great deal of problems.. pray for peace-peace of mind, peace of heart, and peace of soul!!! please ask everyone to pray for me. - alfred, maine | august 8, 2016 i am chronically ill & bedridden. my landlord & her 27yr old grandson have become verbally violent & threatening to me after i ask for some things to be fixed. they are harassing me daily by calling people to come over to yell threatening things at me. the grandson has threatened to do violent things to me. i have paid my rent & done everything in the legal way. my care giver is afraid to come to provide me the help i need. i only have limited income & can't just get up & move. i know god will get me through this. it is just challenging & overwhelming. the more they get hostile with me & i don't feed into it the worse they get. i refuse to argue or say anything back. i thank you very much for your prayers. - nicky, california | august 8, 2016 praying for my friend cj's sister ginny, who is scheduled for surgery on 8/19. biopsy was inconclusive so she has to have surgery. by god's love and healing grace, i am declaring that ginny is cancer free. also please pray for my niece who is in a program to help with anger management, that she moves through her levels and is able to receive the love and healing that this program offers as she submits to the authority and will of god over her life. finally please pray for my son, who needs to hear from and respond to god's call upon his life. my son needs to focus on how he can commit to a career that will sustain him and allow him to serve god through work within the community. please pray for my daughters one who is beginning nursing school, for her strength and endurance that she not take her eyes off god and what he can accomplish through her life and for my other daughter to finish early childhood education classes and return to the fellowship of the church. thank you and love you! - anonymous | august 16, 2016 please pray for my study... i just graduated from high school and am already admitted in germany. but before i could apply for a visa, i have to open a bank account. i've sent my application several times and they keep rejecting it. - @jreydd... | august 4, 2016 ln the mighty name of jesus l ask for prayers. l stand asking for god's protection in my job. l have a new manager who seems to be out to destroy the faith l have in god. he has been very unfair in the way he treats me. he claims to be a christian but treats me so unfairly. he has reduced my financial rewards at work. he has even decided to reward me less than the people who report to me. l believe god is in control off my situation and l pray for his protection and peace to continue trusting in him no matter what. amen - anonymous, south africa | august 16, 2016 i have two daughters, both in their late forties, who have ruined their lives due to bad choices. we have one living in our home who makes life miserable for us, and, the other who wants to move back, but, they do not get along, so, after an ugly fight with the one who lives here, i had to refuse to let the other come back. both are trying to get disability started, so, please pray that they will be approved, and, i will be able to move them both into a place of their own. they do both have medical problems, and, do need help. i know god is able. - anonymous, mississippi | august 4, 2016 please pray for me. i am a leader in my church and i was falsely accused of an event on a job that i have loved and enjoyed for over twenty years. i was able to pray, encourage and give hope about our lord and savior. i as demoted and you name it, i began to suffer from ptsd from the ordeal. everything seems to have gone downhill. please pray with me and for me. - beegee, new jersey | august 16, 2016 please pray that as i pursue employment that the lord will give me the desire of my heart in serving. please pray for my grandson who formally shared with me that he wanted to witness to the atheist, and has in the past witnessed to the atheist. he is now is currently dating an atheist hoping to convert her. pray that the lord will lovingly convict him to understand the seriousness of being unequally yoked and dating a nonbeliever. pray for this young girls salvation as well. please pray that the lord will put a hedge of protection around my children and grandchildren from the enemy and that they will have a hunger for god’s word and that the lord will send godly people and friends into their lives. in jesus name amen. - tammy, iowa | august 2, 2016 please pray for a lady from my church who's recently been diagnosed with a grade 4 brain tumor. she's just suffered her 2nd stroke. her name's janet. - betty, florida | august 16, 2016 please pray with us that our house in new bern, nc will sell before the end of august. we had to move relative to my husband’s change of job, and this is a financial burden. we are asking the lord to lift. - anonymous | august 2, 2016 i have two sons isaac & daniel addicted to alcohol and drugs. one is in jail and the other one just got kicked out of teen challenge. i’m praying god’s will be done in both lives. - anonymous | august 2, 2016 please join us in prayer for a very close friend and family member by the name of jessica monique wright. she is in her mid thirty a mother to three boys. jessica has been sick for a while now, with constant visit to the hospital. i pray that her mind & body are heal. i pray for her health to be fully restored. that our lord lay a hand on ms. wright and her young boys during this time. at this very moment in jesus name i pray.. amen.. and truly thanking him in advanced - henry hemingway, aurora il | august 1, 2016 please pray for my 16 year old grandson who has been struggling with his faith. pray that he finds his way. please pray for my brother who has terminal cancer and is suffering. also, please pray for my mother and for my brother’s children. - evelyn, piedmont al | august 1, 2016 please pray for my husband whom is finding christ in his life. when he is released that he not go back to the old ways and continue to grow in christ. i also would like prayer for my 3 grandsons who are moving away. that they know they are loved and they will be fine in the new state. i pray for god’s protection upon my grandsons and that they know i am always here for them. thank you jesus - teresa flint, stroudsburg pa | august 1, 2016 may god grant you and your family his peace. do his will in your relationships with the family and all will work for the good of all.﻿ - robert m | july 31, 2016 i would like prayers for my siblings and i coping with the recent loss of our father and all the added responsibilities we have inherited. please pray we can find love and patience with one another. thank you.﻿ - lisa r. | july 31, 2016 please do pray for me. pray for me and my car will get a new starter and new battery soon. i am poor. thank you!﻿ - chandler b | july 31, 2016 christ answers who ask, all you need to do is have faith. pray to our lord, jesus christ and your prayer will be answered. - michael g, burbank ca | july 29, 2016 pray for salvation of riley knee and emma mclaire and randy knee - anonymous | july 29, 2016 please pray for my agnostic brother who used to be a believer to come back to christ again. another brother whose life is messed up... only god can change... - @yodju... | july 28, 2016 i need prayer to be more patient with my husband who has many health issues. for my son and his girlfriend to get to and from their vacation safely. for my sons safety always as he is a nyc lt for the fire dept. for my beautiful daughter and her family. mostly please pray for peace in our world for we do need it now more than ever. prayers for our blessed pope and our children all over the world. in jesus name we pray. i just want to say thank you jesus for the beautiful life you have given me because i so don't deserve it. god's blessings to all amen. - @norinne... | july 28, 2016 for my position to go full-time or another position open for me. - jody | july 28, 2016 please pray for my husband, michael, who is traveling to and from pennsylvania thursday-sunday. please pray for my son billy,19 who is struggling with his faith in jesus. he struggling with " religion and what's happening in the world.” he is saved and baptized in the holy spirit. please pray thank you - deb gabriele | july 28, 2016 please remember my daughter's mother-in-law today, as she faces more tests related to a serious accident that happened 3 weeks ago. fortunately, she is recovering and requests prayers daily. there have been a few surprises and setbacks. she needs strength and encouragement. the family needs endurance to face the lengthy rehab process. - lisa, ohio | july 28, 2016 please pray for my beloved boyfriend, that he would feel the love of christ and come to know jesus as his savior. - anonymous, massachusetts | july 27, 2016 please pray for me and my family. my daughter is struggling with confidence and anxiety. she needs to know that god is in control of everything, and that with his love and grace she can ask anything according to his will, it will be done. pray for my son, that he continues his faith in our christ and that he will bless him and his wife and three children to move back home, closer to family. pray with me for my husband that he will receive jesus christ into his life. i also pray for healing from every day chronic pain, and a peace of mind. i need strength to carry on, especially staying dedicated in active discipleship for the lord. - dd, greenwood ms | july 27, 2016 please pray for my family, for strengthened marriages, that parents show wisdom in raising children and be given guidance from god. - linda, ohio | july 27, 2016 please pray for our family as we grieve through the passing of my son john just weeks before his 64th birthday. he suffered from multiple myeloma cancer for three years. please pray for us. - carol m, western springs il | july 27, 2016 please pray for my wife and i. every since our wedding three months ago, we have been suffering through financial hardship. we love the lord and pray together daily. we know that what is good in gods eye is a target of the enemy. thank you in advance and god bless. - kent f, akron oh | july 27, 2016 pray for united states of america. father may your kingdom come and your will be done. in jesus' name. amen - anonymous | july 26, 2016 i am praying for female companionship...a wife. someone who loves god first...with all her heart. god's word says that, "it is not good for man to be alone." and, "with god all things are possible." even though i have a loving family, church family and friends, and a strong relationship with god, there is the companionship of a loving wife that is missing from my life. please pray that god will put me in the path of a loving young lady. - kimo, madisonville, ky | july 26, 2016 please pray that my son israel will grow healthy because sometimes i am worried about him... by august 11 i will be returning to work and the nanny will be the one who will take care of him. also, please pray for me sometimes i have anxiety. thank you for the opportunity to have someone pray for us even though we don't know personally the people here. god bless you more. - @mommim... | july 26, 2016 dear god almighty, i pray for each prayer requested here, as a believer, i can identify with all of them. touch, heal and strengthen each person here, show them your faithful love. bestow blessings, favor, and joy upon them. heal and mend each heart for your glory lord god and their benefit. in christ name this is prayed. amen. - @corri_wo... | july 26, 2016 please pray for my health. i've been sleeping 2 hours everyday for almost 2 weeks. and i hope i get the job offer that i've been wanting and waiting for. the interview happened yesterday and i'm hoping for miracles. - @joeliv... | july 26, 2016 for all my fellow brother and sisters in blue, along with myself and my husband, who wear blue and put that shield on everyday. also my husband and i in marriage. - @popmop... | july 26, 2016 please help me pray for my health. am not feeling good, i had a couple of exams done one came back negative. i also had an mri done on july 20 still waiting for those results. - @millyduran... | july 26, 2016 to conceive a baby. - @curly02... | july 26, 2016 that others would see less of me and more of christ. to be humble and kind. - @penney_aussie... | july 26, 2016 please pray for a girl who used to be my friend. she has been through so many hard things. please pray for her. - @ourmutualfriend... | july 26, 2016 to love myself, and to love others, to be kind. - _adorele... | july 26, 2016 not to be double minded and tossed back and forth constantly. that i be consistently in christ. - @caseyeatingveg... | july 26, 2016 for god's comfort, patience and to love myself. - aleesh... | july 26, 2016 that my family worked to be able to buy a house soon and that i can hopefully find a summer job - thank you and god bless. - @sugarm1... | july 26, 2016 to be more humble, patient, and love others like god does. amen. - @_prettyinpink10... | july 26, 2016 to have a solid disciplined quality prayer time. thank you and god bless you. - @dus5... | july 26, 2016 need a good job been unemployed too long. - @lettersforthelord... | july 26, 2017 stressful home situation, broken relationship and struggling with weight. - @jleappe... | july 26, 2016 that i get the apartment that'll be best for me for college in miami. - @kaila_mil... | july 26, 2016 turning points - please pray for my sisters and me: christina, karen, renee, and me-mary as we are all in personal turning points that we love and serve the lord with all our hearts, souls, minds and strength. please also pray for an awakening of obedience and repentance in the body of christ and mercy from the lord as the eagle spirals downward. - mary, wisconsin | july 22, 2016 please pray for my 17 year old daughter to turn her life around and put her eyes back on christ. she has been making very poor decisions that are not honoring to god. we are heartbroken. - melissa | july 21, 2016 i am praying for fruits of the womb for myself and all those that are waiting upon the lord for fruit/fruits of the womb. god has come through for me 7 years ago and i know he has not changed. he is still in the business of giving children. the persecution/ side talk/you name it, is overwhelming. enough to make one even sin against god but his grace prevails. i pray for more grace. please join me to knock on heaven’s door for gods appointed time concerning this to be now! - anonymous | july 21, 2016 i praise the lord, my god who always answers my prayers. and i pray that he keeps me in his light. and i also pray for more unity in churches. - clarita | july 21, 2016 please pray that by homeschooling my husband and i are choosing the right path for our kids. pray that we can be motivating and encouraging to them, that i can provide my kids with the joy they need and that i go back to god with the right heart. - anonymous | july 21, 2016 please join me in praying that i will continue to follow god's path for my life and that i will have the strength and perseverance to continue my schooling so i can finally get the degrees i've put off for many years. amen. - anonymous | july 20, 2016 please join me in praying for my son who suffers from a variety of mental health issues and is in need of healing, comfort, peace, a job and good therapists. amen. – anonymous | july 20, 2016 please pray for my mental health. i'm receiving god-honoring counseling from a believer for complex ptsd (lifelong, complicated), anxiety, depression, & am also a lifelong chronic pain patient. after decades in various ministries (overseas & at home), the stress of cross-cultural ministries, & burdens of a non-believing family (of origin) & lack of well-paying jobs (my husband; i can't work), i am having difficulty coping with ministry, & with life in general. i have little "support" from my family (of origin), who are non-believers & live far away. (i do have a god-honoring husband & 4 adult kids who are amazing & loving.) pray for strength for me, & endurance, & all the gifts of the spirit, & for the same for my family (hubby/kids), & my small church congregation (they don't understand what i'm facing). i need healing, god's word every day, & to walk in his spirit, always honoring our father god. thank you. prayer means so much to me at this time. bless you. - preacher's wife, oregon | july 18, 2016 please pray for improved finances. - anonymous | july 17, 2016 please pray for healing in me and my family! i am suffering from lyme’s disease- i have for 9 years- in bed or on couch most days. my son has suffered seizures and illness at the hands of doctors and vaccinations. my home has become ruined with mold and we had to leave. every one especially my son and i are struggling with the mold in our systems. we are now struggling to survive, find healing, and get on our feet again. god is good and faithful. we need him every hour. please pray for those suffering far worse things for the witness they bear of jesus christ all around the world. he is savior. he is healer. he is god. he is king. - laura | july 17, 2016 i pray that god will grant us wisdom in our next move, so that we can live comfortably on our ss and a small investment. god please take away the fear and concern i have for our future. i know that it all lies in your hands. may our country begin to understand the importance in having jesus in their lives and accepting him as our savior - madeline, ca | july 17, 2016 for all cancer patients to have faith to believe and read the scriptures. - anonymous | july 16, 2016 my mother passed into heaven last month, she was 85 and a believer. please pray for me and my family as we grieve. - anonymous | july 16, 2016 my five year old niece is very shy and insecure like me. her parents don't help when they are harsh on her for doing things every five year old does (especially with her one year old sister who probably couldn't care less and absolutely loves her older sister). i pray that she doesn't lose her self-confidence. i want her to know how much she is loved and appreciated she is. i want to her to know how awesome she is. i show her every time i see her but i worry that's not enough. i pray for her to know that she is loved. - leah, south carolina | july 16, 2016 i pray god that my husband will find you again and become the great husband and father he used to be. - tammy, north carolina | july 16, 2016 please pray for doors be opened and things to come together for my children and myself. i am struggling, with 3 special needs children, recently divorced, and without any family left. i am struggling with the sting of total abandonment and betrayal and i feel hopeless. i know god as my savior, and in my heart, i know that he will provide a way when there seems to be none. my faith is being tested, and i need strength. - rock bottom, ky | july 15, 2016 on friday night i lost my little buddy cody to the wild north woods. he got spooked during the fireworks and bolted. to wherever you are happy birthday little buddy i love you. i hope to see you soon! please pray he finds his way home. - anonymous | july 15, 2016 i pray for all, hoping that we in the world will unite, increasing peace and love for our neighbors. neighbor is defined in my bible as any fellow human being. i pray that we will not look at each other with contempt or judgment but with compassion and understanding. it is not our place to judge others, the lord will judge his people. i pray that we consider the poor, needy, destitute and others more than we consider ourselves. i pray that we rid ourselves of corrupt talk, arrogance, greed, slander, brawling, and gossip. i pray that we will live with goodness, righteousness and truth. - franchell, texas | july 15, 2016 our family is in dire need of the lord’s healing, restoration, but mostly salvation! please god – hear & answer their (& my) prayers. - hurting, mexico | july 15, 2016 please pray that i would get a much better job with much better pay and/or that my would increase to better cover my expenses. above all, pray that god would be glorified in my life this year as never before. - shannon, texas | july 15, 2016 prayer for my girls to except the lord jesus as their savior. for this nation, may god have mercy. my job that all strongholds and fear are removed. for the youth in this world that god will reveal himself to them, instead of them taking their own lives. - eileen, california | july 15, 2016 to sell my house and move to another state where i can afford to live, i'm in a small monthly ss and can’t afford to live in ca. anymore. also ask the lord to provide a good job for my son, to grow closer to the lord, also for a friendly divorce and fair custody of his 3 children. - anonymous | july 15, 2016 please pray for my husband who is having biopsies of his prostate on tuesday the 19th. he has been told that two areas could have 30% cancer and one area could have a 90%. we are believing that he is cancer free. praise god! thank you - dd, texas | july 15, 2016 my oldest son lost his job in the oil field last year. he has been looking for work just about everywhere you could imagine. many times he is told he is over qualified. he just wants a job to support his wife and three children. today he said he is angry with god. please pray that he not give up hope and a perfect job is right around the corner. also my second son may be rushing into a relationship just to have someone. please also pray for discernment and wisdom for him. god is so good! thank you all so very much. may god bless you all abundantly! - dd, texas | july 15, 2016 i pray that my relationship with god will manifest in a new and blessed direction. i pray that i can have a second chance. i am currently going through a tough time in my life right now and i need all the prayer i can get to keep me on the right track in order to bring my baby home. all i ask is for joint custody. please pray that everything works out.” - miranda, new mexico | july 15, 2016 please pray for prayer for the nations. this is a prayer ministry that god entrusted into my hands. we’ll be celebrating 5 years on july 11th and our official day of celebration will be on december 12th. we are believing god for an experience of his presence like never before. we’re in the end times and we desire to see souls saved and lives transformed. - pastor walker, new york | july 14, 2016 please pray for our pastor. he has parkinson’s disease and is fighting a physical battle. although he has this battle, he is extremely active with everything in the church. i know god still performs miracles every second and i believe he can do this for such a precious man of god. - sharon, alabama | july 14, 2016 what my prayer is for my friend sandy to walk on sand,dirt and wade through the water to have her feet wet.what happen she fell down and hurt her back she is using walking stick and wheel chair to get around.i think it is time for her to be walking.she is going to have an back operation i am just concern about this as an friend.she should be seeing her children which they are adult now. - anonymous | july 14, 2016 please pray that a frivolous lawsuit against me will be dropped before it goes any further. - j.m | july 14, 2016 please pray that my brother find an apartment by sunday. - dave | july 14, 2016 please pray for my 29 year old son. it is a spiritual warfare between us. he is unsaved and tells me to leave him alone. - anonymous | july 14, 2016 please pray for bruce newman, who is recovering from catastrophic brain surgery. - anonymous | july 14, 2016 please pray for my families health problems. we’ve been suffering with some sort of illness over the last 10 years and it’s now making all of us ill. please pray that we find a diagnosis or cure for it. we have 7 children in our family. thank you and god bless in jesus name. amen - anonymous, wa | july 14, 2016 i called cbd and ordered the book jesus calling for a 20 year old man named, michael hansen. he was in my sunday school class when he was 6 years old. he miraculously survived a single engine plane crash and is now awaiting spine surgery in craig hospital in colorado. please pray that his surgery is successful, as he has been given the prognosis that he may not be able to walk again. - dorothy, oregon | july 13, 2016 i have a praise report! i had requested prayer for my co-workers' premature baby girl in may, and now she has been released from the hospital and is at home with her parents! thank-you so much for all of your prayers! - suzanne, ca | july 13, 2016 i would like to pray that my wife can find jesus and make an effort to go back to church, i would also like to ask for prayers for me to find the right job and soon. anyone who is going through something that seems to much, remember that it just means you are stronger than you thought, he never puts more on us than we can handle. i love you all and god loves you!! - billy, pulaski tn | july 13, 2016 i first pray for everyone that has asked for prayer on this wall. may god in jesus name hear and answer your prayers according to his will. i love you all in his name. my prayer request is for my husband, marriage and children. my husband is a man that knows the lord, but he is going through spiritual warfare and needs help. our marriage is suffering and my boys are being affected by the choices he making due to the state he's in. we need deliverance in our home. he needs the veil removed from his eyes. my boys need a godly father and male example in their lives. i'm asking the lord for peace and a restored marriage. as the priest and leader of our home he has a bulls eye on his back. may god deliver our house from this. thank you for praying for us. - a.s.k, the east coast | july 12, 2016 father god in the mighty name of jesus, i ask for the prayer group to be in agreement in prayer with me, for and excellent school and a permanent home for my daughter and grandchildren, before fall. in jesus name. - anonymous | july 12, 2016 finances as we transition into a new ministry position. trusting god is hard even for pastors at times. - pr, ma | july 11, 2016 please pray for my son he needs a liver transplant soon - william swank, utah | july 11, 2016 my dad recently had a stroke and now is losing his memory and , i was told is going downhill fast....i pray for his recovery and for his salvation just in case he is not saved and for my family's salvation. i just lost my mom in november..they were divorced 40 yrs ago.. - amh, baldwin | july 10, 2016 please pray for my family members who are unsaved. may the holy spirit convict their hearts. i believe jesus is coming soon. i want my family to realize their sin, repent, accept christ & live for him. - anonymous, north carolina | july 10, 2016 for my granddaughter healing mentally & to recommit to the lord. – mitchy, ca | july 1, 2016 for jerri and carol for total cure of illness. restoration and recompense for them. that god may add years to their lives. for mauricio who has been in a coma for a long time. for gustavo for cure of illness and that he may come to know christ. for wanda and jim that they may be protected from illness and injury and that god may add years to their lives. thank you for praying. thank you jesus for saving us in every way. – susan, indiana | july 1, 2016 please pray for my son and our home. my son is trying to make it through college, work and he is trying to keep god first in his life. he is also in need of a mate that will help him build his relationship with christ. he lost his father and i lost my husband 16 yrs. ago. i am trying to reorganize our home. thank you. pray for other christian women who are trying to maintain homes, support their children and walk through this life as a christian. - m. a. walton | june 29, 2016 i need prayer for success in starting a health ministry at my church. i am a retired rn that returned to school for certification in faith community nursing a year ago in preparation of sharing my gift of caring holistically. to god be the glory. thank you - linda thompson, camas wa | june 29, 2016 my prayer is for renewal for hurting families everywhere restore us to yourself ,o lord. that we may return, renew our days as of old, lamentations 5:21. lord jesus, i am often upset, discouraged and physical and spiritual exhaustion take their toll. i know you prayed for others but you also prayed for yourself. i now come before you and humbly ask you to give us calm strength and patient wisdom following jesus example, our lord and savior jesus christ. amen - cherlyn, la | june 28, 2016 please pray that my family might receive spiritual freedom. - doris, indiana | june 28, 2016 i need a good paying job .i need the strength to go back to work i want a day job. i need for god to forgive me and help me find my way with god . - mildred, marion va | june 28, 2016 christians praying for others, please pray with me. lord, i'm 75 of age, before you call me home, anoint me again to make as many christians as possible through my preaching your grace period. lord, open doors, hearts, provide credentials, provide the power of your spirit, correct false doctrines, and give me a word of knowledge to direct me. otherwise, i remain as i am now, for i know your word. - cesar rivera, chicago il | june 28, 2016 praying that my daughter will seek the lord and realize that she has wasted 20 years with a person not going anywhere. he will not work and lives off her income. he is not a real man. he influences her to do what she knows is not right. time to cut him loose and let him go on about his business. - anonymous | june 27, 2016 a prayer request for my friends and their family. - anonymous | june 26, 2016 my two adult sons, both married, have never gotten along but now it’s really bad. i’d like for them to do counseling together even though they live 4-5 hrs apart. it would have to be phone counseling, i guess. one is willing to and the other says he’s willing but not at this time. please pray that they work through their hurt and anger and become friends/family again. they haven’t spoken to each other in over a year. they've both had children that neither one has even met. - anonymous | june 26, 2016 i’m asking prayer for my son jacob. for protection , surrender heart , a job. prayers for my family and the anger and pain of selfish motives . for god’s love to intervene in a powerful absolute healing for us , for there to be no division , but one purpose to honor and bring glory to god . to live in truth. - anonymous | june 25, 2016 i am a single mom. i just moved to a new state from abuse and upon arriving had a job lined up - sad to say it fell through. the place i’m staying soon me and my daughter will be evicted. i have no family, no friends, and the shelters are full. i need a miracle today please. i feel like we are lost in a crowd. i have used all resources available to me. there is no help available, depressed. my daughter and i are hanging onto to gods promises. we are just waiting for him to fulfill them for us. i am so afraid and scared. - l.a., fl | june 25, 2016 please pray for my husband that he truly finds the lord, that his heart is convicted in the thing's he has been doing in our relationship and that he see's with new eye's that he needs to follow the lord with all his heart, mind and spirit. i want him to be able to say to other's with pride that jesus is lord. instead of hiding away. i want him to go to church and want to fellowship. most of all i want him to pray with joy in his heart. that is my prayer. - anonymous, az | june 24, 2016 i need prayer for husband who is unsaved. currently he’s being held back in believing in jesus christ by promises given to his parents about not changing his beliefs. - anonymous | june 24, 2016 please keep me in prayer. the lord has placed me in a good church body. yet, i've been feeling somewhat discouraged and also a feeling of disconnection with some in my church body-- especially some of my sisters. i am sure there are some deeper or more rooted needs or issues as to why i am feel as i do. i need the lord help, his wisdom, his comfort and his peace. - mae, fl | june 24, 2016 please pray for our north shore churches and churches around the united states to start providing care and shelters to homeless women and children--they are in dire need of help. - kristen s, ma | june 22, 2016 please pray for my 2 sons. one for a job and the other that his tenants will pay their rent. for my daughter who freelances for work , that she will continually find work. for my grandchildren...that they would grow in wisdom, knowledge, strength and favour with god and others. - pat | june 21, 2016 praying for a special person who needs to be careful about someone she associates with. praying that god will forewarn this person and she will not lower her standards and peacefully will have this troubling individual out of her life. - anonymous | june 20, 2016 please pray for me that i find jesus christ as my lord and personal savior. i’ve been seeking him, it’s just a struggle for me. -david w., citronelle al | june 20, 2016 we started a new company and need a lot of prayers. - crisly ray chowdhury, mumbai | june 19, 2016 requesting prayer for patience in my life & outwards toward all mankind. pray for me. i do realize that words do hurt others & am struggling to overcome that i must think before i speak. - terri | june 19, 2016 please pray that our loving god and father would reach down his healing hand and heal billy of his hemophilia. to god be the glory! - barbara, nc | june 18, 2016 my son has obsessive compulsive disorder (ocd). he has so many fears, the need to check over and over. driving is barely possible as he continually thinks he has hit a child or caused a wreck. this is taking over his life. most drs. don’t know much about it. he has an appt. july 5 with a therapist whose specialty is ocd. i’m asking god to set him free of this burden pray with me please pray with me. - jojo | june 17, 2016 pray that god will heal my eyes and give me perfect vision in both eyes...that he will heal my eyes...so that i don't need contact lens or glasses to see...heal my heart, lungs and circulatory system...heal me of sleep apnea...give me favor on my job. heal my relationship with two co-workers....daniel webb, and willie stallworth. also, that he would bless gwen and i with a home, and me with a ministry. i will be 67 on july 7th, and my wife will be 69 on june 26th. please pray for my wife's healing her name is gwendolyn wilson renfroe. please hold us up in hard prayer over the next few weeks...god bless all of you! - mark & gwen renfroe, birmingham al | june 16, 2016 praying for a friendship/relationship/marriage....saved over 20 years with no relationships, now desire to have one according to god's will and plan for my life. **- g, baltimore md | june 13, 2016| i need god's people to go to him in prayer for me, because the only joy on this earth i have "ever" had was the birth of my first son, and my second husband. then my son was murdered at the age 24 in 2004. now once again i have no joy, and feel a separation of closeness and love from god and my family. - anonymous | june 13, 2016 that god will help my 25 year old son, with autism spectrum disorder, be successful in his work life. he has such a hard time fitting in. he is clumsy and disorganized but tries so hard. every time he gets a job, he has a hard time because of it. he has a huge heart and his desire is to do a great job, but his best is not good enough. it is heartbreaking when he tells us the things he gets reprimanded for or made fun of. he does not share his disability with others because he does not want to be labeled. he just wants to succeed and be good at something. (those are his words :( ) he has had a fast food job, carpentry job, factory job and now a concrete plant. the boss at this job told his work mates earlier this week that he needs to replace him with someone of quality. of course they told him right away. he has been fretting over this all week and he just told us. it hurts so bad to see him so hurt when he gives it his all. i know god can handle this in his way. - anonymous | june 12, 2016 please pray for me that i find jesus christ as my lord and personal savior. i’ve been seeking him, it’s just a struggle for me, an everyday battle for my soul. - thomas, pittsburgh pa | june 11, 2016 hello, please pray for: poland, freedom from religion to god through jesus christ, church in the usa - matt. 3.12 1. stirring up the ministry to the god for me, my wife dorothy, our daughter ann, our sons peter and daniel - "..but as for me and my house, we will serve the lord" joshua 24.15 2. god's will and wisdom for me and my family; specially for learning in school for daniel, working for edmund, dorothy, peter (also god's direction for his life) and ann. god's order in my work. blessings and the knowledge of jesus christ for my bosses. - edmund krzeminski | june 11, 2016 please take care of my family especially my husband. i am heartbroken and want him to return home. - shyni, uk | june 10, 2016 peace of heart to the wife that has her husband has gone to live with the king of kings. - baca, nm | june 10, 2016 that god will deliver my granddaughter out of an unhealthy domestic situation - anonymous, kansas city ks | june 10, 2016 please pray for our congregation. we need unity with obedience and a stronger commitment to father god so that we will be an asset to those who need jesus and the body of christ. additionally we need a building/a place to call home. thank you bless you for your prayers - anonymous, tampa fl | june 8, 2016 please pray for me as i just got out of the hospital. my husband has also been in and out of the hospital too. and i just found out that my son has a few months to live. please pray for us. - anonymous | june 7, 2016 pray for me for this fall term with liberty university online, and pray that i may be more proficient with the computer as i am new to computers. pray that i, with the lord's help, may pay much closer attention to the lord in this learning process. in his glorious name, our lord and savior, jesus christ, amen. - randy harris, nashville tn | june 7, 2016 prayer for custody and adoption of my grandchildren in the foster care system and other children in our families. i am their grandma and aunt of these children and youth in our families and i have custody of my special needs grown children. i am believing god that no children in our family are adopted out of our family. thank you, god bless you. - anonymous, nc | june 6, 2016 please pray for my health - diabetes and that i find a teaching job closer to home. god bless you! - lori | june 6, 2016 i ask for prayer for my 15 year old daughter, baylee, she is having surgery on tuesday for tonsils and adenoids..this is her first ever surgery. i’m more nervous than her. thank u, god bless - kayla | june 5, 2016 my marriage is in crisis. my wife wants to separate. i do not. i still have hope. please pray that god works in both of our hearts and brings us to a place where we can begin to rebuild our marriage with him at the center. this would be a great testimony for our lives and to further god's kingdom! please pray that she would be willing to seek counsel and listen to god's will. i ask that you pray for me and that god fills my heart on a daily basis with his strength and grace. also, that god give me the ability to overcome my controlling tendencies and allow me to become a better listener. i love her. - anonymous, madison wi | june 5, 2016 i pray that the lord softens my boyfriends heart and draws him closer to him and that he becomes the god fearing man that the lord wants for me. - anonymous | june 5, 2016 need prayers!! my mom lost her husband(my dad) last year of 42 years due to a heart attack. now one of my brothers is battling brain cancer, another brother has heart issues and i have lung cancer. my daughter is starting new job and i pray it goes well and for my son to excel in his current job as not to be let go. my other two brothers are well and i thank god. we have need for prayers and that we all get better and that i remain healthy to be an awesome caregiver. amen - anonymous | june 5, 2016 please pray that my family and i will find a safe home to live in soon...please pray that the holy spirit will have mercy on us...amen. - anonymous | june 4, 2016 please pray for healing in my family, physically as well as spiritually. ephesians 3:20 says “he is able to do exceeding above all that we can ask or thing, according to the power that is within us.” let us never doubt god. he will always come through. blessings to you all!!!!!!!!!! - anonymous | june 4, 2016 i have a prayer request for my daughter-in-law, susan. she is having a mole removed on june 6. pray for my bi-polar sister who is getting released from the hospital on saturday. she is moving to tenn. pray god will provide her a place to live and all the furnishing. pray for our churches upcoming vbs. also pray for me and god's church at island home baptist church. pray for my health and guidance to do god's will. thank you - anonymous | june 2, 2016 i would like to ask for prayer for myself and my 79 year old husband. he is in the last stages of parkinson's and he is such a kind man. i am his only caregiver, and i would appreciate prayer that will give me better health so i can help him the way he deserves to be helped. thank you so very much. - aam, washington | june 2, 2016 i lift all of the needs of our hearts in the lord's name! he cannot possibly know how much i love him, and how ashamed i am each time that i sin. i know that he weeps. i pray that my life may be counted worthy to dwell with him, in the house of the lord forever and ever. i love you so much father god! - linn wiltfong, mi | june 2, 2016 pray for wisdom for my 2 girls that are on their own now. i pray that look to god for answers. - angie, tx | june 2, 2016 i would like prayer for my family. my son, pray for the best for him and his future. pray for my daughter and her son. my marriage and pray for my good friend linda. thank you! - dionna | june 1, 2016 praying that all of our men and women that serve american be safe. praying their families are there for them to come home to. understanding we love them for all they do for us. - sandra, winnsboro | june 1, 2016 my prayer request goes to our men and women in uniform that the lord should guide and guard them in every area of their lives amen. - araba, orlando | may 30, 2016 pray for my daughter, she went through 3 fertility treatments, they all failed... then, by the grace of god, she became pregnant on her own! soon after, she was diagnosed with leukemia.. she is now doing a chemo that keeps the leukemia at bay and does not cross the placenta... after the baby is delivered, she will go on a stronger chemo to kill the leukemia. please pray that all continues to go well!! our god is an awesome and mighty god!!!! - nellie, fl | may 30, 2016 praying for a financial breakthrough and for a successful mission trip in july 2016. - anonymous | may 29, 2016 please pray for my co-workers' premature baby girl, who weighs less than two pounds, that she will continue to gain weight, and be able to go home in a few months. - suzanne, ca | may 29, 2016 please pray that the lord gives me an answer to a major purchase i am considering. this, i know, seems small with all the problems going on in this world, but to me, it is a major decision. thanks and god bless. - anonymous | may 28, 2016 please pray for chris. horne will come out of jail and seek the lord. may he find plenty of places to stay when he gets out jail on june 2, 2016. i 'm going to put him in god's hands. i pray for him. - verma horne, ma | may 26, 2016 my brother tim is in the hospital with encephalopathy and is in need of a liver transplant. he does not know the lord. please pray for him that the lord will be made known to him and that he will be able to get a liver. - anonymous | may 26, 2016 please pray for salvation, revival, and reconciliation within my family. thank you. - anonymous | may 26, 2016 my husband and i have been trying to have a child for 8 years. we just completed another treatment, which failed. please join us in prayer as we trust god to do a mighty miracle in both of our bodies. he is able! amen! - sandra | may 26, 2016 please pray for mrs. n. jackson, she is in the hospital, and her husband said she is very near death. 5-25-16. but god! - anonymous from ca | may 26, 2016 please pray for all of the children who are physically and mentally abused in the world. that is one of my major concerns. thank you. - anonymous | may 25, 2016 dear lord, i pray that i get the raise at my job that i deserve. they have been giving me the runaround. i work hard for everyone and i really do deserve the raise. haven't gotten a raise in 6 years! thank you! - julie, quincy | may 25, 2016 i am praying for my niece and her boyfriend. i pray that they move from where they live now because all they are doing is causing heartache and grief. i pray that they find someplace soon. i pray that they see the error of their ways. i pray that they find a place this summer. please lord. - anonymous, ma | may 25, 2016 i would like to pray for my son's girlfriend. her brother committed suicide and she was not speaking to him at the time. now she is feeling so bad about it. pray for her and family. pray that she can forgive herself. pray that god is watching over that family as they go through this together. thank you - q, sc | may 25, 2016 please pray for my three adult children and grandchildren. may god watch over them and keep them safe in this crazy world we live in....thank you god bless - bridgette, oh | may 25, 2016 pass the cognitive exam and improve spirituality. - john | may 24, 2016 my niece, amanda and her husband are expecting their first baby june 7th. at her appointment today, she has increased blood pressure and retaining fluid and may be doing a c-section. they know this baby is a boy and will be naming him ashton. please pray for amanda and her baby, ashton, that there is a safe delivery with no complications for either of them. thank you! -chaplain monica holden from divine savior healthcare, portage, wi | may 23, 2016 please pray that maryellen m. will be healed from cancer. she is a director of a church in ma. -anonymous, ma | may 22, 2016 i have seven sons that i desire get saved and baptized with the holy ghost. one of them was recently stabbed and is home healing....please pray for his complete healing. i am also a pastor and desire the church to be with one accord with the father, son, and holy ghost, and dwell together in unity and obedience unto the lord, peace unto israel!!! - anonymous | may 22 please pray for my area. a lot of men and women are without jobs which is bringing all other businesses down. a lot of families are barely making it and some aren't at all. also, please pray to get my husband in church with me. - kayla, west virginia | may 22 our young youth minister's wife , lost her sister this week. she was only 26 years old. please pray for them as our dear lord carries them through the grief and sorrow. - lorna, ohio | may 22 my daughter needs physical healing and work that will take care of herself and 2 children’s needs. my granddaughter needs emotional healing and to forgive her father, 3 year grandson needs discipline, his mom is just trying to keep it together. - les, ca | may 21 praying the lord will not mine. - apolonia, texas | may 21 please pray for me. i am recently divorced, having financial difficulties, highly in debt, can't finish building my house therefore me and my children don’t have a home. pray for my spiritual uplift. - anon, south africa | may 21 god please help my daughter dominique to not give up on life and to take away those bad thoughts. she has a 15 month old babygirl name lune. god please bless dominique britto and please help guide her on her journey of life. amen - sandra, oregon | may 20 please pray for salvation and baptism for jeanne, cathy, harold, nathan, justin, kael and declan. thank you. - norma, canada | may 18 please pray that god will change me from the inside out and keep me in sobriety. - dave, michigan | may 18 my prayer is to heal my husband from cancer and bring him to church with me. we are very behind in our bills. we are asking god to open the window of heaven and pour us out a blessing . i pray for my family, friends, my pastor and his family and my church. i pray for everyone around the world that need god to show up and show off. i know god is in control. i love him so and will answer us, i will trust him and i am learning to obey. thank you christian books for the prayer wall. god bless. i believe god. amen. -anon | may 17 requesting prayer that god will either heal her or help her cope with severe pain caused by migraines and extreme curvature of the spine. -della, maryland | may 11 please pray that god will bless me with a divine relationship that will lead to marriage and being able to adopt. i am also requesting prayer to lose weight and take away the heartburn i am suffering with. - lisa, maryland | may 11 please pray for my mom. she had cataract surgery few weeks ago. her eye pressures are higher than they need to be. she has to go back for a check up in a month. the doctor is worried about possible damage. please pray for full healing, no vision loss now or in the future. pray for no need for eye drops or surgery and no eye illness diagnosis. thank you so much! - amanda | may 11 i am in need of prayer. i have been out of work since june 2014 and i am disable but ssa says i’m not. i have sarcoid-neuropathy, and cataracts, and diabetes. i pray for some kind of assistance or job that god wants. i would like healing in my legs less pain in my body so i don’t depend on drugs. in the name of jesus - mark from avon park, fl | may 10 my family, adult children, have been stressed due to my marital problems with my husband. i ask for prayers for my family that god bless us and protect us during these trying times. especially for my daughter that carries a lot of the pain for the family. i ask that god protect her from the anger and pain and help her with her issues this has caused. - l.m. | may 9 please pray for me and my son. we are in spiritual warfare. we lost everything after moving in a house. we have to move this week. we have no alternative housing and no money. i need a job. my son is in college and has already failed 2 classes due to stress. i dropped out of my classes due to stress. he is worried he might lose his financial. he wants to play college basketball in the fall. please pray for divine intervention and financial breakthrough. - anonymous | may 10 i need prayer that i will follow through with becoming a undersign pastor. i would like to have complete healing for my wife. and that this stir of misunderstanding would lead to closer ties in our church. - john from maine | may 9 my grown children are in spiritual warfare and their families. i am requesting prayer for them and ourselves. yahweh hand on us directing our paths even if his angels have to physical move us in the right paths. ty - sarajane from n.c. | may 3 please pray for my mom, for her health, her job, and salvation. please pray for me, for my health, for a transfer in my job closer to my mom to be able to help her, for healing of multiple injuries, for my job to go well, the right church, and desperate financial needs. - debbie | may 2 prayers for alzheimer in the family, and general well being. - rouse family | april 25 please pray for me and my family. i’m eighty-three years old and have been in remission from lymphoma. i pray that the lord either heals me or takes me home to heaven. my husband, to whom i was married on april 29th sixty years ago, passed away on that same date five years ago, so the date is coming up, and i miss him. i have two children, four grandchildren, and seven great-grandchildren (all boys), and one great-granddaughter on the way. - betty parsons from pennsylvania | april 25, 2016 joining you all in prayer for healing, provision, peace, and strength. may god's grace and mercy envelope us all in his everlasting love! - cathy from ma | april 25, 2016 please pray that my body will continue to heal. - jason, kansas | april 18, 2016 i asking for prayer for myself and my husband. we are getting sick from water damage to our home. the roof has already caved in the bathroom. i noticed mold in my bedroom. please pray that we can be able to fix the roof. - patricia, florida | april 18, 2016 my friend was hurt in an automobile accident. please pray. - steve, nc | april 17, 2016 please pray for my mother-in-law, polyanna smith who is undergoing surgery for a brain tumor today, 4/18/16, in boston, ma, at brigham and women's hospital. she was diagnosed less than 24 hours ago from an mri exam. also, please pray for my wife, kim, and the entire family as this has been a shock to all. - miles, ma | april 16, 2016 please pray for the happiness and safety of me and my family - especially my 15 year old daughter, tray williams. - lakiya campbell, fl | april 16, 2016 please pray for healing for my precious children. my daughter rachel has been very sick with lyme disease and complications for about six years. we now think there is toxic mold exposure also. my son sean has damage from smoking which he gave up praise god. both my children, husband and i are struggling with difficult health issues. we are under a lot of stress on every side and going through mold issues from leaks in our house. we need god's provision, strength, healing, direction, protection, courage and encouragement in the mighty name of jesus amen!!! god bless, thank you for prayers! to god be the glory!!! dianna, california | april 13, 2016 please pray for me and my brother, bob. i am suffering with scleroderma and lupus, while my brother has a severe heart condition that is worsening. mary, michigan | april 11, 2016 please pray for my great-granddaughter, maci - she is 5-years-old and is having brain surgery next month. -myna, michigan | march 28, 2016 please pray for my health - i am recovering from back and hand surgery. -mary-jo, north carolina | march 28, 2016 i am having heart surgery - please keep me and my family in prayer during this difficult time in our lives. -norm m, oregon | march 24, 2016 please pray for me as i have fallen on tough financial times and i am grieving the loss of my brother. please also pray for my brother who has cancer. also for the wife and family of mr garcia who recently passed away. -viola | march 17, 2016 please pray for my health and also for peace for those that are suffering with illness. -susan, new jersey | march 16, 2016 my husband and i are planting a church in our local area - please pray for the success of the project. -anita l, nevada | march 15, 2016 i have been diagnosed with a heart condition - please keep me in your prayers. -beatrice, west virginia | march 15, 2016 please pray for my two grandsons that god puts them on the right track and takes care of them. -carrie, texas | march 11, 2016 i lost my husband a few weeks ago- please pray for my emotional, physical and financial wellbeing. -suzanne s, texas | march 7, 2016 pray for the safety of ray t. and team as they depart on a mission trip to a dangerous part of vietnam. -anonymous | march 1, 2016 sign up to receiveexclusive email offersyou can unsubscribe at any time sign up to receive exclusive email offersyou can unsubscribe at any time sign up connect with us account checkout account order history wishlist cart subscribe email unsubscribe email shipping & returns shipping & handling rates easy returns services affiliate program gift cards membership self-publishing catalog catalog quick shop online catalogs request our catalogs community social media prayer wall author profiles about us company info. job opportunities help customer service faq shops bibles homeschool bargains vbs christian living toys gifts kids dvds fiction music academics desktop site 1-800-christian1-800-247-4784(outside the united statesand canada call: 978-977-5000) email us 140 summit st. peabody, ma 01960 tax information for la, ri, and vt residents conditions of use privacy notice © 2017 christianbook.com, llc * 70 *