来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231000800/https://www.christianbook.com/page/info/privacy-notice
================================================================================

privacy notice & policy - christianbook.com hear about sales, receive special offers & more.you can unsubscribe at any time. enter email address my account wishlist help email signup cart (0) items checkout welcome to christianbook.com®! sign in or create an account search by title, catalog stock #, author, isbn, etc. new year's sale - thru 1/4 after christmas clearance christianbook gift cards search within all products catalog stock # books accompaniment music dvds bibles gift & home ebook mp3 downloads homeschool children fiction christian living software search christmas bargain bibles gifts church church supplies bible study academic books fiction homeschool kids toys music dvd bestsellersmp3schristian livingsunday schoolspanishchurch suppliesbible coversfamilygift cardscatalogmemberspromotions shipping delays & covid-19 impact - learn more after christmas clearance: shop before these deals are gone. ends 1/4 ~ shop now > browse all products christmaschristmas clearance saleaccompaniment tracksbiblesbible accessoriesbible coversbible studies & curriculumbooks, ebooks & audiochurch & suppliescloseoutscrafts & recreationdownloaddvdsgift & homekids & toyshomeschoollast chance bargainsmusicnew releasepre-orderslightly imperfectsoftwarespanishstreaming videosubscriptionssunday schooltoysvbsbuy in bulk refine by top rated▼▲1+ stars2+ stars3+ stars4+ stars5 starsprice▼▲$0-$5$5-$10$10-$25$25-$50$50-$100$100 and updiscount▼▲10%+ off20%+ off30%+ off40%+ off50%+ off60%+ off70%+ off80%+ off90%+ off advanced search links advanced search bible finder homeschool finder song search christianbook.com's privacy policy christianbook.com privacy policy this privacy policy was last updated on september 30, 2020. the previous version of the privacy policy can be found here. we recommend you print out a copy of our privacy policy for your records, and can download them here. christianbook, llc, and its affiliated and subsidiary companies, respects the privacy of users of our websites and mobile apps, including the christianbook reader and cbd reader, and is committed to disclosing our data collection practices so that users of our websites can understand what information is collected and how it is used. this privacy policy describes what information we collect from users of our websites and mobile apps, including the christianbook reader and cbd reader, how the information we collect is used, under what circumstances we disclose the information we collect, and our users’ choices regarding the information we collect and how it is used and disclosed. your use of this website and mobile apps, including the christianbook reader and cbd reader, including visiting any page which is a part of this website and reading ebooks on the christianbook reader and cbd reader, constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. information we collect we collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). we collect the following categories of personal information: “identifiers” including real name, alias, user name, account name, mobile device id, postal address, ip address, email address, mobile telephone number, telephone number, fax number. “personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e))” including name, address, mobile telephone number, telephone number, fax number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number. “protected classification characteristics under california or federal law” including gender. “internet or other similar network activity” including browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. “geolocation data” including physical location or movements. “inferences drawn from other personal information” including a person's preferences and affinities. “purchasing history” – we maintain a history of products you have purchased. “products viewed” – we maintain a history of products you have viewed on our website. we obtain personal information from the following categories of sources: directly from you including, without limitation, when you: (1) open an account; (2) complete and submit an order on our websites or from our catalogs; (3) request a catalog; (4) submit a customer review; (5) create a registry with a gift registry service; (6) enter a contest; (7) communicate with customer service; (8) conduct a search; or (9) subscribe to a newsletter or customer alert. automatically from you and any devices, including mobile devices, each time you visit our websites through cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers, and other similar technologies, including google analytics. indirectly from you through observing your actions on our websites or from information your computer or mobile device transmits when interacting with our websites or mobile applications. from the following categories of third party sources: search engines such as google and bing; social networking sites such as facebook, twitter, pinterest and instagram; professional mailing list companies; mailing list exchanges and co-ops; postal and delivery services; fulfillment services; data analysis companies; and marketing, promotional, advertising, retargeting and remarketing service providers. we receive and collect your internet protocol (ip) address, geolocation data, the browser and operating system you are utilizing, the date and time of your visit, the pages of the site which you visit, the internet address of the website from which you linked to our site and any promotion identifiers contained in these links, and the internet address of any website to which you link from our site. if you maintain an account with one of our websites and log onto the site using such account information, we also receive and collect your user identification number, user name, and password. we use cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers, and other similar technologies, including google analytics, each time you visit this site to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take when using our services, reviewing our advertising, or communicating with us by email. cookies are small files, which are usually made up of letters and numbers, which are placed in the memory of the browser or device you are using and which allow a website to recognize a particular browser or device. there are different types of cookies. session cookies allow us to track your action during a particular browsing session and they expire at the end of a browsing session. persistent cookies allow us to remember and track your preferences and actions across various websites and different browsing sessions and are stored in your device in between particular browsing sessions. first party cookies are placed by the website you are visiting. third party cookies are placed by a third party website separate from the website you are currently visiting. most commercial browsers provide tools that allow you to disable or remove cookies. you will need to set your preferences regarding cookies and otherwise separately for each commercial browser you use as different browsers have different functionality and options. web beacons are small graphic files, also known as pixel tags or clear gifs that we may include on our websites, services, applications, messaging, and tools. web beacons typically work in conjunction with cookies to identify and track our users and actions taken by our users. we use other similar technologies that store information on your browser or device by using local shared objects or local storage such as flash cookies, html 5 cookies, and other web application software methods. these technologies may operate across all of your browsers and you may not be able to manage these technologies through your browser but will have to manage them directly through your installed applications or device. we may use the terms "cookies" or "similar technologies" interchangeably in our policies to refer to all technologies that we may use to store data in your browser or device or that collect information or help us identify you in the manner described above. we use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies for the following general purposes: operational necessity. we may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies that are necessary for the operation of our websites, services, application and tools including allowing you to access such websites, services, applications and tools; that allow us to identify irregular behavior on our website, prevent fraudulent activity, and improve our website security; and, that allow you to make use of certain functions on our websites such as shopping carts, saved searches, and similar functions performance assessment and enhancement. we may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to assess and enhance the performance of our websites, services, applications and tools functionality assessment and enhancement. we may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to assess and enhance the functionality of ourwebsites, services, applications and tools including identifying you when you access or sign onto our websites and tracking your particular preferences, interests, and shopping history advertising and targeted marketing. we may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to assess and determine particular content to be delivered to you including advertising and marketing relevant to your particular interests on both our websites and on third party websites in the following instances, we may require you to submit personally identifiable information which we receive and collect: (1) open an account; (2) complete and submit an order on our sites or from our catalogs; (3) request a catalog; (4) submit a customer review; (5) create a registry with a gift registry service; (6) enter a contest; (7) communicate with customer service; (8) conduct a search; or (9) subscribe to a newsletter or customer alert. the information which we may receive and collect in connection with any of these activities includes your name, address, telephone number, fax number, and email address; credit card information; names and addresses of the parties to whom product is shipped; content of reviews and emails sent to us; and, your password. we also receive and collect certain information when you communicate to us by telephone, mail, fax, or email. we may request and receive a confirmation from you when you receive and open an email from us. we receive and collect personal information from third parties which we add to your account information such as collecting and using demographic and other publicly available information, adding additional contact information, and checking and reviewing credit information in accordance with applicable laws. “do not track” – some commercial browsers allow the user to send a “do not track” signal to websites. under california law, we are required to inform you how our websites respond to such “do not track” signals. there are no unified industry, technology, or legal standards for how websites recognize and honor “do not track” signals at this time. although this website does not currently respond to browser-based “do not track” requests, we anticipate future implementation as universal standards and practices evolve. how we use personal information we use the personal information which we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: process, track, and fulfill your order; communicate with you regarding your order; create a gift certificate; respond to a request for information; send you catalogs or promotional information and material; send you newsletters, customer alerts, and email; communicate with you regarding products you have purchased; improve our websites; enhance our customer service; track customer preferences; improve and enhance our product selection; to protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our customers, and other third parties; to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred; and to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. how we share personal information we do not sell, disclose or otherwise provide personal information we collect to third parties except as described below. we share, disclose and provide personal information with our subsidiary and affiliated companies which are owned or controlled by us or which are under common ownership and control with us. we share, disclose, and provide personal information for a business purpose with third party companies, service providers, agents, and subcontractors which are not our subsidiary or affiliated companies including the following categories of companies: professional mailing list companies printers of our catalogs and other promotional and advertising materials credit card processing companies online payment services postal and delivery services fulfillment services technology infrastructure providers personalization and recommendation services tax compliance and automation services companies related to the fulfillment of ebook purchases including drm applications and reporting to content providers publishers of subscription magazines fraud protection services third parties with whom you direct us to share your personal information we sell, share, disclose, and provide personal information with third party companies, service providers, agents, and subcontractors which are not our subsidiary or affiliated companies including the following categories of companies: search engines such as google and bing social networking sites such as facebook, twitter, pinterest and instagram mailing list rentals, exchanges and co-ops data analysis companies market research companies marketing, promotional, advertising, retargeting and remarketing service providers third parties may use cookies, pixels, unique identifiers and similar technologies for online behavioral advertising, remarketing and retargeting purposes. if you visit a third party website that is operated and maintained by us on behalf of such third parties, your personal information may be shared with such third party. these websites may be identified by the inclusion of the third party’s name in the url such as www.thirdparty.christianbook.com where “third party” would be replaced by the name or other identifier of the third party. we may provide our mailing list (names, addresses, and/or email addresses) and information about individual shopping interests to other select companies whose products or services may be of interest to you. we may also send you catalogs or other promotional materials on behalf of other companies. see “what are my choices regarding my information?” below for your options regarding these other companies. we may in the future sell some or all of our assets and/or business units, in which case, customer information may be one of the assets transferred. we may disclose any information that we collect if required by law or valid order of a court or other governmental authority or to protect the health and safety of our employees or the general public. how is the information secured? sensitive information which we receive and collect from you is secured using encryption technology such as transportation layer security (tls) technology. this technology prevents information which is transmitted over the internet from being intercepted and read by unauthorized parties. all information is stored on secured computers to which access is restricted. how can i access my information? personal information may be accessed by logging onto your account page of christianbook.com and/or biblesinbulk.com if you have previously registered on these websites and you may also track orders and recent account activity. what are my choices regarding my information? you can review, modify, update, and delete certain information contained in your account by logging onto your account page of christianbook.com and/or biblesinbulk.com. if you visit or use christianbook.com and you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you can indicate this by changing your email preferences in the account section of the christianbook.com website or by sending an email to "unsubscribe@christianbook.com" with the word "unsubscribe" included in the subject field or by calling us toll free at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or by writing us at christianbook mail preference service, p.o. box 7000, peabody, ma 01961-7000. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want to receive future email notices from christianbook. if you visit or use christianbook.com and you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please send an email to "customer.service@christianbook.com", call us at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or write to us at christianbook mail preference service, p.o. box 7000, peabody, ma 01961-7000. please specify in your correspondence that you do not wish to receive mailings from christianbook. if you visit or use christianbook.com and you prefer that we do not share any of your information with other companies, you can indicate this by sending an email to us at "customer.service@christianbook.com", by calling us at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or by writing to us at christianbook mail preference service, po box 7000, peabody, ma 01961-7000. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want us to share your address with other companies. if you are already receiving unwanted mailings, please provide us with your exact name and address. if you visit or use christianbook.com and you do not wish to receive catalogs, emails, or other promotional materials from other companies, you can indicate this by sending an email to us at "customer.service@christianbook.com", by calling us at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or by writing to us at christianbook mail preference service, po box 7000, peabody, ma 01961-7000. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want us to share your address with other companies. if you are already receiving unwanted mailings, please provide us with your exact name and address. if you visit or use biblesinbulk.com and you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you can send an email to customer.service@biblesinbulk.com, call us toll free at 1-800-944-6360, or write us at biblesinbulk.com, po box 3477, peabody ma 01960. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want to receive future email notices from bib. if you visit or use biblesinbulk.com and you wish to be removed from our mailing list, you can send an email to customer.service@biblesinbulk.com, call us toll free at 1-800-944-6360, or write us at biblesinbulk.com, po box 3477, peabody ma 01960. please specify in your correspondence that you do not wish to receive mailings from bib. if you visit or use biblesinbulk.com and you prefer that we do not share any of your information with other companies, you can send an email to customer.service@biblesinbulk.com, call us toll free at 1-800-944-6360, or write us at biblesinbulk.com, po box 3477, peabody ma 01960. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want us to share your address with other companies. if you are already receiving unwanted mailings, please provide us with your exact name and address. if you visit or use biblesinbulk.com and you do not wish to receive catalogs, emails, or other promotional materials from other companies you can send an email to customer.service@biblesinbulk.com, call us toll free at 1-800-944-6360, or write us at biblesinbulk.com, po box 3477, peabody ma 01960. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want us to share your address with other companies. if you are already receiving unwanted mailings, please provide us with your exact name and address. if you visit or use homeschoolcompass.com and you do not wish to receive promotional emails or newsletters from us, please unsubscribe directly from the promotional email or newsletter or you may send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com. please specify in your email that you do not wish to receive future promotional emails or newsletters from homeschoolcompass.com. if you purchase products or services from our websites without opening an account, you may indicate that you donot wish to receive catalogs, emails, or other communications from us or from other companies during the purchase ordering process. please see “information we collect”, above, for information on how to set your browser to deal with cookies. underage users if you are under the age of eighteen (18) years, you may use this web site and purchase products and services through the use of this web site only with the involvement and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. links to other websites and third-party advertisers our sites include links to other websites, some of which may not be our subsidiary or affiliated companies and we are not responsible for their actions or activities. we encourage you to review the privacy and security policies of these websites and advertisers. terms and conditions your use of this website and the purchase of products and services through this website are subject to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy and our website terms and conditions which are available here. changes to privacy policy we.com reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify and amend this privacy policy in any manner at any time by posting a change notice or new privacy policy on our websites. for california residents only california residents who are considered “consumers” under the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”) are afforded certain rights under the ccpa. request to opt-out: you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information to third parties (“the right to opt-out”.) you may click on the do not sell my personal information link available to california consumers on our homepage to exercise your right to opt-out. request to know: you have the right to request that we disclose a report of your personal information. for additional information and to request your report, you may click on the do not sell my personal information link available to california consumers on our homepage or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), if you are a customer of or visiting or using christianbook.com, or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-944-6360, if you are a customer of or visiting or using biblesinbulk.com, or you may send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using homeschoolcompass.com request to delete: you have the right to request that we delete your personal information. for additional information and to request deletion of your personal information, you may click on the do not sell my personal information link available to california consumers on our homepage or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), if you are a customer of or visiting or using christianbook.com, or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-944-6360, if you are a customer of or visiting or using biblesinbulk.com, or you may send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using homeschoolcompass.com. right to equal service: we will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights as a consumer under the ccpa. for eu and eea residents only we recognize and respect our eu and eea customers’ rights to access, correct, request the deletion of, and/or request that our use of your personal information be restricted in accordance with applicable law. we also strive to ensure that the personal information we collect is and remains accurate and up to date. your rights subject to applicable law regarding your personal information include: the right to know what personal information we maintain about you the right to be provided a copy of your personal information in a commonly used and machine readable format upon your written request the right to request that any incorrect, incomplete or out of date information be corrected and/or updated the right to object to the processing of your personal information the right to request that your personal information be deleted or to request restrictions on how we use this personal information (this right is determined and could be restricted by applicable law and may impact your ability to access and/or use some of our services) you can review, modify, update, and delete certain personal information by logging onto your account page of our websites. you should update your information immediately if it changes or is inaccurate or incomplete. if you make a public posting, you may not be able to change or remove it. we will comply with any right you may have under applicable law to access, modify, erase, or restrict the use of your personal information. to request access to your personal information, to request that your personal information be modified, to request that your personal information be erased, or to request that the use of your personal information be restricted, please send an email to privacyrequest@christianbook.com, or send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using homeschoolcompass.com, and include in your email your first and last name, your site user name, your email address, your country of residence, and a description of your request regarding your personal information. please include in the subject line of your email: “eu privacy request”. you should be aware that fees may apply if permitted by applicable law. where you have a right under applicable law to request access to your personal information, to request that your personal information be modified, to request that your personal information be erased, or to request that the use of your personal information be restricted, we may have the right to decline such access or to deny your request regarding the modification, erasure, or restriction on the use of your personal information in accordance with and as allowed by applicable law. if you request that the processing of some or all of your personal information be terminated or you withdraw your consent, where applicable, to our use and disclosure of your personal information for the purposes explained in this privacy notice, we may not be able to offer you all of the services and customer support which we provide to our authorized users and customers. when requested, we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible based on recent account activity and in accordance with applicable law. you are contracting with christianbook, llc, of 140 summit street, peabody, massachusetts 01960 usa. the company you are contracting with is your data controller, and is responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and applicable law. when required by applicable law, we have appointed a data protection officer to be responsible for this privacy policy. sign up to receive exclusive email offersyou can unsubscribe at any time sign up to receive exclusive email offersyou can unsubscribe at any time sign up connect with us shops▼▲ christmas bibles gifts bargains toys homeschool vbs christian living church supplies bible studies kids dvds fiction music academics account▼▲ checkout account order history wishlist cart subscribe email unsubscribe email shipping & returns▼▲ shipping & handling rates easy returns services▼▲ affiliate program gift cards membership self-publishing catalog▼▲ catalog quick shop online catalogs request our catalogs community▼▲ social media prayer wall blog homeschool compass author profiles about us▼▲ company info. job opportunities help▼▲ customer service faq do not sell my info email signup sign up to receive exclusive email offersyou can unsubscribe at any time shops▼▲ christmas bibles gifts bargains toys homeschool vbs christian living church supplies bible studies kids dvds fiction music academics sign in desktop site 1-800-christian1-800-247-4784(outside the united statesand canada call: 978-977-5000) email us 140 summit st. peabody, ma 01960 tax information for al residents terms & conditions privacy notice © 2020 christianbook, llc * 59 *