来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231032344/https://www.christianbook.com/page/info/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms and conditions - christianbook.com skip to main content welcome to christianbook.com®! sign in or create an account search by title, catalog stock #, author, isbn, etc. search within all products catalog stock # books accompaniment music dvds bibles gift & home ebook mp3 downloads homeschool children fiction christian living software search my account wishlist help email signup hear about sales, receive special offers & more.you can unsubscribe at any time. close enter email address notice of collection: your ca privacy rights cart (0) items checkout christmas bibles homeschool bargain gifts books church church supplies bible study academic fiction kids toys music dvd bestsellersmp3schristian livingsunday schoolspanishchurch suppliesbible coversfamilygift cardscatalogmemberspromotions after christmas clearance: 1000's of discounts up to 95% off. thru 1/2 ~ shop now > browse all products christmas clearance christmas accompaniment tracks bibles bible accessories bible covers bible studies & curriculum books, ebooks & audio church & supplies closeouts crafts & recreation download dvds gift & home kids & toys homeschool last chance bargains music new release pre-order slightly imperfect software spanish sunday school toys personalized gifts vbs buy in bulk refine by top rated▼ ▲1+ stars 2+ stars 3+ stars 4+ stars 5 stars price▼ ▲$0-$5 $5-$10 $10-$25 $25-$50 $50-$100 $100 and up discount▼ ▲10%+ off 20%+ off 30%+ off 40%+ off 50%+ off 60%+ off 70%+ off 80%+ off 90%+ off advanced search links advanced search bible finder homeschool finder song search terms & conditions the terms & conditions were last updated on september 30, 2020. the previous version of the terms & conditions can be found here. welcome to this website which is owned and operated by christianbook, llc (“christianbook,” “we,” and “us”). these terms & conditions (also referred to below as the “agreement”) constitute an agreement between you and christianbook, and its affiliated and subsidiary companies, which governs the use of this website and any web page which is a part of this website, your registration with this website, and your purchase, receipt, and/or licensing of any material, product or service through this website or through telephone orders or mail orders through our catalogs or otherwise. these terms & conditions are an enforceable contract between us which affects our respective legal rights and includes a mandatory individual arbitration requirement and disclaimers and limitations of warranties and liabilities, which are set forth below. we recommend you print out a copy of these terms & conditions for your records, and can download them here. upon request by you or christianbook, we each agree to sign and provide to each other a signed copy of these terms & conditions. 1. acceptance of the terms and conditions as noted above, by using this website, purchasing or licensing any products or services through this website, and/or registering with this website, you agree to be bound fully by the provisions below, without change, as are published at such time. you agree to use this website solely in accordance and compliance with the terms of this agreement. if you do not agree to the terms & conditions of this agreement, do not use this website, visit any page which is a part of this website, register with this website, or purchase any product or service through this website. 2. modifications to this agreement these terms & conditions were last updated on sep 30, 2020 and apply to all uses, purchases, or registrations occurring on or after that date. we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these terms & conditions at any time by posting a change notice or new agreement on this website, but such changes shall not apply retroactively. the previous version of the terms & conditions can be found here. 3. disputes – the requirement to arbitrate at christianbook, we work hard to make things right with each and every customer. on occasion, a third party may be necessary to help us resolve our disputes, and this agreement limits us to arbitration (or small claims court, if a claim qualifies) in the following instances. you and christianbook agree that all disputes and claims between us arising from or relating in any way with the performance of these terms & conditions, your use of this website, any products or services sold or licensed through this website, or the actions of christianbook or its agents that we cannot resolve informally shall be resolved on an individual basis only by binding arbitration or in small claims court as provided below. you and christianbook further agree to waive any and all rights to participate in any way in a class action/class arbitration, private attorney general action, or otherwise to make or proceed with any claim on a collective or consolidated basis. if for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, you and christianbook agree to waive any right to a jury trial. this arbitration agreement applies to all agents, attorneys, contractors, subcontractors, service providers, employees, and all others acting for, on behalf of, or under the direction of christianbook, including all affiliated companies (including, but not limited to, parents, subsidiaries, and sibling corporations). this agreement is binding on you and christianbook, as well as our respective heirs, successors, and assigns. you and christianbook agree that any claim between us involves commerce under, andis governed exclusively by, the federal arbitration act (“faa”) and federal law, and not by any state or local laws, or the laws of other countries, concerning or purporting to place limits on the availability or scope of arbitration or in any way imposing requirements beyond or inconsistent with those set forth in the faa. this agreement, however, does not prevent you from bringing any issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies. arbitration scope, rules, and requirements there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and discovery and court review of an arbitration award are limited. however, an arbitrator under this agreement can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow these terms & conditions as a court would. the arbitration or small claims court action shall occur in the united states in the county or parish in which you reside or at such other location in the united states which may be agreed upon by you and christianbook. you may also choose to have any arbitration, whether commenced by you or us, conducted by telephone or based on written submissions only. the arbitrator has the authority to and shall resolve all claims and issues arising between us, including, but not limited to, international, federal, state, and local statutory, regulatory, constitutional, and common law claims. this arbitration requirement covers, but is not limited to, any and all claims arising from or related in any way to your use of this website, your registration with this website, your purchase of or attempt to purchase products through this website, and your communications with christianbook. the arbitrator also has the sole authority to and shall address all claims or arguments concerning the formation, legality, and enforceability of this arbitration clause, the scope of this clause, and the arbitrability of any claim or issue arising between us. any arbitration will be held before a single neutral arbitrator and will be governed by the consumer arbitration rules and the consumer due process protocol (collectively, "aaa rules") of the american arbitration association ("aaa") as currently in effect, and as modified by this agreement, and will be administered by the aaa. the aaa rules are available online at https://www.adr.org/consumer, by calling the aaa at 800-778-7879, or by writing to the notice address. to the extent that there is a conflict between this clause and the aaa rules, the arbitrator shall resolve such conflicts so as to preserve the parties’ mutual obligation to arbitrate claims on an individual basis. to begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to the aaa and to: christianbook llc attn: vice president - internet marketing p. o. box 8000 140 summit street peabody, ma 01961-8000 the aaa’s address is: american arbitration association case filing services, 1101 laurel oak road, suite 100, voorhees, nj 08043. you may also send a copy to the aaa online at https://www.adr.org/consumer. if you initiate an arbitration, christianbook will reimburse you for any standard filing fee which may be required under the aaa rules for claims under $10,000. for claims over $10,000, payment of such fees will be by a separate agreement between you and christianbook. if we cannot agree on such payment, the arbitrator will decide how such fees should be paid and by whom. each party shall be responsible for their own attorneys’ fees except as provided by applicable law or the aaa rules. we are committed to providing for dispute resolution at a reasonable cost to consumers consistent with the aaa rules, and any matters related to such cost, if not agreed to by you and christianbook, will be decided by the arbitrator.4. privacy and security please read our privacy policy which is incorporated into these terms & conditions and governs your use of this website. by visiting this website, registering with this website, or purchasing or licensing products or services through this website, you agree with and consent to our privacy policy, including the information collection, analysis, and usage practices it describes. to the extent there is a conflict between the privacy policy and these terms & conditions, these terms & conditions will control to the fullest extent permitted by law. 5. product descriptions we work hard to be as accurate as possible. the products and services offered for sale or license through the use of this website contain descriptions that are provided by our suppliers, vendors, and licensors. we do not warrant or represent that such descriptions are complete and accurate. errors will be corrected when discovered and we reserve the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any error, inaccuracy, or omission (including after an order has been submitted by you or an order confirmation has been sent by us). if a product offered by us is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it to us in unused condition. we also reserve the right to limit the order quantity on any item. 6. christianbook gift cards terms & conditions the following are the terms and conditions applicable to your christianbook gift card. christianbook gift cards are issued by christianbook, llc. your purchase, acceptance, and/or use of a christianbook gift card constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions. christianbook gift cards cannot be used to purchase gift cards and may only be used toward the purchase of eligible goods provided by christianbook and its affiliates. eligible goods and services are subject to change in our sole discretion. gift cards are not redeemable for cash and cannot be returned for a cash refund, except to the extent required by law. gift cards are not re-sellable. the risk of loss and title for gift cards pass to the purchaser upon our electronic transmission or mailing of the gift card to the purchaser or recipient. we are not responsible for pricing, typographical, or other errors, related to gift cards and reserve the right to cancel any orders resulting from such errors. if we suspect any fraud or misuse in connection with a gift card, we reserve the right in our discretion to suspend or terminate use of the gift card. we are not responsible for and will not replace lost or stolen gift cards. the use of the gift card is limited to the balance of the funds held on the gift card. the full amount of each purchase, including taxes, will be deducted from the funds held on the gift card, up to the total balance of the funds available on the gift card. any unused balance will be maintained in the recipient's gift card account and is not transferable. if you make a purchase through your gift card and there are insufficient funds held on the gift card to cover that purchase, you must pay the difference by a valid credit card or debit card or through paypal, if you are a us customer. your right to use the funds on the gift card is a limited right, subject to these terms and conditions and applicable law. gift cards do not expire. no fees apply to gift cards. 7. additional terms certain specific features, functions, and sections of this website and the purchase and license of products and services through the use of this website may be subject to additional posted terms including codes of conduct, governing the use of such features, functions, and sections, and the purchase of such products and services. these additional posted terms and conditions as exist at the time of your use, registration, or purchase are expressly incorporated in this agreement. to the extent there is a conflictbetween these additional posted terms and these terms & conditions, these terms & conditions will control to the fullest extent permitted by law. our payment options are available here. our shipping options are available here. our returns policy is available here. our music download policy is available here. information about our affiliate program is available here. our frequently asked questions (faq) feature is available here. 8. proper usage you agree to use this website, and to purchase products and services through the use of this website, only for your own personal, noncommercial use unless you are in an express business relationship with christianbook. you agree not to use this website (a) in any unlawful manner or in any manner that creates civil or criminal liability on the part of christianbook or is otherwise harmful to christianbook; (b) in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, impair, impede, disrupt, or alter this website; and (c) in any manner that would interfere, impair, impede, or disrupt the use of this website by any third party. you agree not to post on or transmit through this website or to submit to christianbook for inclusion, use or distribution on this website or for any other purposes any material that is unlawful; libelous; constitutes an invasion of privacy; harmful; threatening; abusive; harassing; defamatory; vulgar; obscene; sexually explicit; profane; hateful; racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable in any manner; constitutes a breach of your contractual and/or fiduciary obligations; infringes on any third-party patent, trademark, trade name, corporate name, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary or property rights; or, contains viruses, trojan horses, worms or other code, scripts, routines, files or programs designed to alter, interrupt, impede, limit or destroy the performance and/or functioning of any software, hardware, or other equipment. christianbook reserves the right in its sole discretion to prohibit any conduct, communications, content, or use of this website, and to remove any content or communications, which in its sole discretion it finds objectionable or unacceptable in any manner. 9. intellectual property rights a. christianbook.com, the christianbook.com logos, christianbook, the christianbook logos, christian book distributors, the christian book distributors logos, cbd, the open book logo, 1-800-christian, pennywise learning, pennywiselearning.com, ichristian.com, the ichristian logo, the christian books direct logo, wordkeeper, and the wordkeeper bible cover logo are trademarks or registered trademarks owned by christianbook or its affiliated companies. other trademarks, registered trademarks, trade names, product names, corporate names, graphics and logos used on this website are owned by their respective owners. all rights in and to such trademarks, registered trademarks, trade names, product names, corporate names, graphics and logos are reserved to their respective owners. no license or permission is given to you to use such trademarks, registered trademarks, trade names, product names, corporate names, graphics or logos in any manner. b. the copyright in this website, the content of this website, and software utilized in this website are owned by christianbook and its suppliers and licensors. all rights in and to such copyrights are reserved to their respective owners. no license or permission is given to you to use such copyrighted material in any manner. c. you may not remove, modify, or alter in any manner any notice regarding copyright, trademark, proprietary rights, warranty information, disclaimers, or warnings which are included in or on this website or any service or product offered for use orsale through this website. d. the use of this website, the content of this website, the software utilized by this website, and any service or product offered for sale or license through this website, except as expressly permitted, is strictly prohibited and shall constitute an infringement on the intellectual property rights and other rights of christianbook and its licensors or suppliers and may subject you to civil and criminal penalties, including possible monetary damages, for copyright infringement. 10. content submitted by you you agree that all logos, graphics, artwork, text, and other content submitted by you for inclusion, use or distribution on this website or for any other purposes shall be in accordance with and in compliance with the proper usage requirements contained in section 7 of this agreement. by submitting such content to christianbook, you warrant, represent, and agree that (a) you have the authority to grant the rights to such content which are being granted hereunder; (b) you own and/or control all rights in and to such content; (c) such content does not contain any material that is unlawful; libelous; constitutes an invasion of privacy; harmful; threatening; abusive; harassing; defamatory; vulgar; obscene; sexually explicit; profane; hateful; racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable in any manner; constitutes a breach of your contractual and/or fiduciary obligations; infringes on any third-party patent, trademark, trade name, corporate name, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary or property rights; or, contains viruses, trojan horses, worms or other code, scripts, routines, files or programs designed to alter, interrupt, impede, limit or destroy the performance and/or functioning of any software, hardware, or other equipment; and (d) such content is in compliance with the proper usage requirements contained in section 7 of this agreement. you will be solely responsible and liable for any claims, costs, and damages arising from any infringement of copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights and any other claims, costs, and damages arising from christianbook’s inclusion, use or distribution of all content submitted by you. christianbook neither assumes, has, or will have any responsibility or liability for any claims, costs, and damages arising from any infringement of copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights or any other claims, costs, and damages arising from christianbook’s inclusion, use or distribution of all content submitted by you. you hereby grant to christianbook, and its affiliated, subsidiary and related companies, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, unlimited, worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, publish, translate, sublicense, copy, and distribute all such content submitted by you, in whole or in part, and/or to incorporate such content in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such content. 11. claims of intellectual property infringement christianbook recognizes and respects the importance of intellectual property rights and endeavors to take all steps to protect the intellectual property rights of others. if you believe that this website, the content of this website, software utilized on this website, or any service or product available for use or sale through this website constitutes an infringement of your copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary or contractual rights, please advise christianbook immediately by sending written notice specifying all elements of your claim of infringement to: christianbook, llc attn: vice president - internet marketing p. o. box 8000 140 summit street peabody, ma 01961-8000 12. disclaimer of warranties and certain damages to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this website, the content of this website, the software utilized by this website, and all products and services offered for sale or license through this website are provided on an "as is" basis and christianbook makes no warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding this website, the content of this website, the software utilized by this website, or the products and services offered for sale or license through this website. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, christianbook also disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, as to the use of this website, registration with this website, and the purchase or licensing of products and services via this website, including, without limitation, any warranty of non-infringement, title, merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, christianbook makes no warranty or representation, and hereby disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, as to the truth, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or currency of any information contained on this website, or in the content of this website. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, christianbook makes no warranty or representation, and hereby disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, that the operation of this website will be uninterrupted or error free or that this website is free of viruses, trojan horses, worms or other code, scripts, routines, files or programs designed to alter, interrupt, impede, limit or destroy the performance and/or functioning of any software, hardware, or other equipment. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, christianbook shall not be liable for any incidental or consequential damages, including, without limitation, loss of profits or damage to ancillary or attached equipment or components thereof or for loss or non-recoverability of any data or stored information relating to your use of this website, the software utilized by this website, or any product or service purchased or licensed through this website provided that the foregoing limitation on incidental or consequential damages does not apply to individuals who buy, lease, borrow or bail property or services primarily for personal, family or household purposes. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, christianbook’s liability for any allegedly defective product purchased or licensed through this website shall be limited to the amount of the purchase price or license fee paid. christianbook neither assumes nor authorizes any other person to assume for christianbook any other liabilities or obligations. these limitations apply to residents of the state of new jersey, among others. some states do not allow for exclusion or limitations of implied warranties or the exclusion of incidental or consequential damages, and other limitations on damages and so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. 13. indemnification you agree to, and hereby do, indemnify and hold christianbook harmless from and against any and all liabilities, damages, losses, costs, and expenses, including, without limitation, attorney's fees,to any third party arising directly or indirectly from your use of this website, the content of this website, the software utilized by this website, or any product or service purchased or licensed through this website provided that the foregoing indemnification obligation does not apply to individuals who buy, lease, borrow or bail property or services primarily for personal, family or household purposes. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to, and hereby do, indemnify and hold christianbook harmless from and against any and all liabilities, damages, losses, costs, and expenses, including, without limitation, attorney's fees, arising from your breach of or default under the within agreement, or arising from your own negligent or wrongful conduct. 14. applicable law, jurisdiction andvenue this website is created, controlled, owned and operatedby christianbook in the commonwealth of massachusetts. except with regard to arbitration and provisions regarding dispute resolution (paragraph 3, above), which are governed by the federal arbitration act, the laws of the commonwealth of massachusetts shall govern and control the interpretation and enforcement of this agreement. if for any reason a claim or dispute proceeds in court of general jurisdiction rather than in arbitration or small claims court are required by section 3, above, as the result of a decision of an arbitrator or a court order by a court of competent jurisdiction, you and christianbook each hereby consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and subject matter jurisdiction of any of the courts in the commonwealth of massachusetts, whether federal or state, for any purpose or matter pertaining directly or indirectly to these terms & conditions, arising from or in connection with the performance of these terms & conditions, arising from or in connection with your use of this website, arising from or in connection with your purchase or licensing of services and products through this website, or arising from or in connection with the actions of christianbook or its agents and you and christianbook each agree that any such action or proceeding shall be commenced and maintained only in a court, whether federal or state, in the commonwealth of massachusetts. this provision shall not be construed as a waiver by either party of any provision of section 3, above, and the parties reaffirm their understanding that section 3 limits dispute resolution to individual arbitration and individual small claims court pursuant to and in accordance with the requirements of section 3. 15. third-party content, links, products and services you understand and acknowledge that this website and certain content available via the use of this website may include materials from third parties, including users, and that christianbook may provide links to certain third-party web- sites. you acknowledge and agree that christianbook is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of any such third-party material or websites. christianbook does not warrant or endorse and does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or programs of third parties. links to other websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. certain products and services available for purchase and use through the use of this website are subject to separate license, terms of use and other agreements. you agree that your use or purchase of such products and services shall be and is subject to the terms and conditions of such license, terms of use or other agreement and that you shall comply with the terms and conditions of such license, terms of use, or other agreement. 16. compliance with u.s. export laws you agree to comply with the provisions of all applicable u.s. customs and other laws relating to the export and re-export of certain technology and other information and materials and not to sell, export, distribute, or transfer in any manner, electronically or otherwise, any products purchased through the use of this website or any content or other materials contained on this website or employed by this website. 17. risk of loss the risk of loss for and title to all products purchased by you through the use of this website passes to you upon our delivery to the carrier. 18. access to digital products your access to any digital product, including, without limitation, ebooks, audio books, and digital music, through this website may be terminated at any time without notice in christianbook’s sole discretion. it is suggested that upon your purchase of a digital product through this website you download such digital product to your personal computer. the maximum number of downloads and installations of certain digital products may be restricted to six devices or fewer. 19. pricing a. the "retail price" listed for products and services offered for sale through the use of this website represents the full retail price listed on the product, the retail price suggested by christianbook’s suppliers, vendors, or licensors, or the retail price as estimated in accordance with standard practice. such "retail price" is a comparative estimate only and may not represent the prevailing retail price in every geographical location at a particular moment. b. the purchase price for products and services offered for sale through the use of this website may increase or decrease between the time an item is placed in your shopping cart and the time the purchase of such item is actually made by completion of the check-out process. you will be responsible for the payment of the purchase price in effect at the time the purchase of an item is actually made by completion of the checkout process. c. the purchase price for products and services offered for sale through the use of this website may be incorrectly stated on the website. in the event the purchase price for an item is incorrectly stated, christianbook may, in its sole discretion, (i) contact you for instructions before shipping the item and charging you for such item; (ii) cancel the order and notify you of the cancellation; or (iii) ship the item to you at the lower of the incorrectly stated price or the actual purchase price. this pricing policy only applies to products and services sold and shipped directly by christianbook. products and services sold by third parties through the use of this website are subject to the pricing policies of such third parties. 20. sales tax information goods and services sold by christianbook that are shipped to locations in the united states, and its territories, may be subject to sales tax. goods and services sold by christianbook that are shipped to locations in australia may be subject to a goods and services tax. the list of states and u.s. territories in which christianbook collects sales taxes on goods and services sold by christianbook is available here. the amount of sales tax collected on your order is calculated based on a variety of factors including the category of the goods or services purchased; the date and time the order is fulfilled; the location of the place of fulfillment; and, the location of the shipment or delivery address contained on your order. any of these factors may change between the time an order is placed by you and the time that shipment is complete which may result in a change in the amount of tax calculated on your order. when you confirm your order during the “check out” process, christianbook will provide you with an “estimated tax.” the amount of the “estimated tax” may be recalculated at the time your order is finalized and complete. the tax rate that will be applied to your order shall be the combined state and local tax rates of the location to which your order is delivered or from which your order is fulfilled. no sales tax is collected on gift cards sold on the website provided that purchases paid for with gift cards may be subject to sales tax. 21. age of user if you are under the age of eighteen (18) years, you may use this website and purchase or license products and services through the use of this website only with the involvement and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. this website is not designed or intended for persons under the age of thirteen (13). 22. termination of usage christianbook shall have the right at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice to you to (i) cancel any order; (ii) terminate or suspend your right to use or access this website; or (iii) terminate or suspend your right to purchase any product or service through the useof this website. 23. your account in order to purchase products or services through the use of this website, you must either establish an account with christianbook or purchase such products or services as a guest. you are solely responsible for (i) maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account and your account password; (ii) restricting access to your computer and your account; and (iii) keeping your email address listed on your account current. you are solely responsible and liable for all activities, including, without limitation, all purchases of products and services through the use of this website that occur under your account or your account password. you acknowledge and agree that christianbook may access, preserve, and disclose your account information, all content submitted by you, all communications to and from you, all information relating to your use of this website, and all information relating to the use of this website under your account or account password if christianbook is required to do so by law or legal process or if christianbook determines, in its sole discretion, that such action is necessary to protect the rights of christianbook, third parties, and other users of this website or for purposes of responding to your request for customer service. 24. electronic communications you consent to receive electronic communications from christianbook either in the form of email sent to you at the email address listed on your account or by communications posted on this website. you acknowledge and agree that any electronic communication in the form of such email or posting on this website shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. 25. notices all notices to you will be sent by email to the email address listed on your account or by first class mail, postage prepaid, to you at the mailing address listed on your account. all notices to christianbook shall be sent by email to customer.service@christianbook.com or by first class mail, postage prepaid, to: christianbook, llc attn: vice president - internet marketing p.o. box 8000 140 summit street peabody, ma 01961-8000 26. right to consult an attorney you understand that you have the absolute right to consult an attorney concerning any aspect of this agreement, and that, by acknowledging your acceptance of these terms & conditions, you represent to christianbook that you understand the requirements of this agreement and agree to be bound by them. 27. miscellaneous provisions all terms, covenants, and conditions contained herein are severable and in the event any of them shall be held to be invalid, this agreement shall be interpreted as if such invalid term, covenant, or condition were not contained herein. headings used in this agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation or construction of this agreement. any failure by christianbook to enforce any provision of this agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such provision or prejudice the right of christianbook to enforce the provision at any subsequent time. all orders are subject to acceptance at our headquarters in massachusetts. sign up to receive exclusive email offersyou can unsubscribe at any time data collection notice sign up to receive exclusive email offersyou can unsubscribe at any time sign up connect with us shops▼▲ christmas bibles gifts bargains toys homeschool vbs christian living church supplies bible studies kids dvds fiction music academics account account▼▲ checkout account order history wishlist cart subscribe email unsubscribe email shipping & returns shipping & returns▼▲ shipping & handling rates easy returns services services▼▲ christianbook rewards affiliate program gift cards membership self-publishing catalog catalog▼▲ catalog quick shop online catalogs request our catalogs community community▼▲ social media prayer wall blog homeschool compass free resources author profiles about us about us▼▲ company info. charitable giving job opportunities help help▼▲ customer service faq your state-specific privacy choices email signup sign up to receive exclusive email offersyou can unsubscribe at any time. notice of collection: your ca privacy rights shops christmas bibles gifts bargains toys homeschool vbs christian living church supplies bible studies kids dvds fiction music academics sign in desktop site 1-800-christian 1-800-247-4784(outside the united statesand canada call: 978-977-5000) email us 140 summit st. peabody, ma 01960 tax information for al residents terms & conditions privacy notice sitemap © 2023 christianbook, llc * 55 * ok your personal information we use cookies and other technology which enable this website to function, enable us to improve and personalize your visit and enable you to experience more relevant online and offline advertising. you can learn more about the information we collect and how this information is used by viewing our privacy policy. you can also make changes to your privacy settings by clicking on your state-specific privacy choices. by continuing to browse our website, you are agreeing to our privacy policy. view our privacy policy your state-specific privacy choices