来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250507102722/https://www.christianbook.com/page/info/privacy-notice
================================================================================

privacy notice & policy - christianbook.com skip to main content search account my account wishlist order status gift cards sign in 0 items cart & checkout hear about sales, receive special offers & more.you can unsubscribe at any time. close enter email address notice of collection: your ca privacy rights bibles homeschool bible study gifts church supplies & ministry vbs books academic fiction kids music dvd deal center browse all products accompaniment tracks bibles bible accessories bible covers bible studies & curriculum books, ebooks & audio church supplies & ministry closeouts crafts & recreation download dvds gift & home homeschool kids & toys last chance bargains music new release pre-order slightly imperfect software spanish sunday school toys vbs personalize it buy in bulk refine by top rated▼ ▲1+ stars 2+ stars 3+ stars 4+ stars 5 stars price▼ ▲$0-$5 $5-$10 $10-$25 $25-$50 $50-$100 $100 and up discount▼ ▲10%+ off 20%+ off 30%+ off 40%+ off 50%+ off 60%+ off 70%+ off 80%+ off 90%+ off advanced search links advanced search bible finder homeschool finder song search christianbook.com's privacy policy *you may download this privacy policy as a pdf document by clicking here: christianbook privacy policy pdf download christianbook.com privacy policy this privacy policy was last updated on april 4, 2025. the previous version of the privacy policy can be found here. christianbook, llc, and its affiliated and subsidiary companies, respects the privacy of users of our websites and mobile apps, including the christianbook reader and cbd reader, and is committed to disclosing our data collection practices so that users of our websites can understand what information is collected and how it is used. this privacy policy describes what information we collect from users of our websites and mobile apps, including the christianbook reader and cbd reader, how the information we collect is used, under what circumstances we disclose the information we collect, and our users’ choices regarding the information we collect and how it is used and disclosed. your use of this website and mobile apps, including the christianbook reader and cbd reader, including visiting any page which is a part of this website and reading ebooks on the christianbook reader and cbd reader, constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this privacy policy and our website terms and conditions which are available here. information we collect we collect certain information that identifies, is linked to, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). we collect the following categories of personal information: “identifiers” including real name, alias, user name, account name, mobile device id, postal address, ip address, email address, mobile telephone number, telephone number, fax number, and user agent. . we may also collect tax ids where required by u.s. or foreign law, including by mexico. we understand that this information may be considered sensitive personal information under some state laws, and note that the use of such ids is limited to processing or fulfilling your orders and transactions. “personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e))” including name, address, mobile telephone number, telephone number, fax number, bank account number, credit card number, and debit card number. “protected classification characteristics under california or federal law” including gender, age, and language. “internet or other similar network activity” including browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement, and referring website. “geolocation data” including physical location or movements, city or town, region, and country. “inferences drawn from other personal information” including a person's preferences and affinities. while our focus is products, not people, the nature of our product line means that we also collect information which could suggest your interest in products that may be associated with a specific racial or ethnic category and/or set of religious or philosophical beliefs. “purchasing history” – we maintain a history of products you have purchased, rented, and/or returned. we obtain personal information from the following categories of sources: directly from you including, without limitation, when you: (1) open an account; (2) complete and submit an order on our websites or from our catalogs; (3) request a catalog; (4) submit a customer review; (5) create a registry with a gift registry service; (6) enter a contest; (7) communicate with customer service; (8) conduct a search; or (9) subscribe to a newsletter or customer alert. the information which we may receive and collect in connection with any of these activities includes contact information such as your name, address, telephone number, fax number, and email address; credit card information; names and addresses of the parties to whom product is shipped; content of reviews and emails sent to us; and, your password. automatically from you and any devices, including mobile devices, each time you visit our websites through cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers, and other similar technologies, including google analytics. indirectly from you through observing your actions on our websites or from information your computer or mobile device transmits when interacting with our websites or mobile applications. from the following categories of third party sources: search engines such as google and bing; social networking sites such as facebook, twitter, pinterest and instagram; professional mailing list companies; mailing list exchanges and co-ops; postal and delivery services; fulfillment services; data analysis companies; and marketing, promotional, advertising, retargeting and remarketing service providers. third parties may use cookies, pixels, unique identifiers and similar technologies for online behavioral advertising, remarketing and retargeting purposes. we receive and collect personal information from third parties which we add to your account, such as contact information. we receive and collect your internet protocol (ip) address, geolocation data, the browser and operating system you are utilizing, the date and time of your visit, the pages of the site which you visit, the internet address of the website from which you linked to our site and any promotion identifiers contained in these links, and the internet address of any website to which you link from our site. if you maintain an account with one of our websites and log onto the site using such account information, we also receive and collect your user identification number, user name, and password. we also receive and collect certain information when you communicate to us by telephone, mail, fax, or email. we may request and receive a confirmation from you when you receive and open an email from us. if you sign up for our text messaging program, cookies may be used to personalize your experience (e.g. send you personalized text messages such as shopping cart reminders). chat technology: our site may offer a live customer service chat feature to respond to customer inquiries. these chat features collect personal information, including but not limited to email address and the content of chat communications. conversations with live chat features are recorded. cookies and other identifiers cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer. a cookie can be thought of as an internet user's id card. they let the website know when the user has returned. this lets the site bring up information relevant to that user, for example your name, past orders, etc. cookies make the interaction between users and websites faster and easier. without cookies, it would be very difficult for a website to allow a visitor to fill up a shopping cart or to remember the user's preferences or registration details for a future visit. we use cookies to allow customers to move from one part of the web site to another and to add items to the shopping cart without having to log in repeatedly. we also use cookies to track visitors' interest in our products. we may use this to understand what most appeals to our customers so we can make our offers as appropriate as possible. browsing behavior is also used to create relevant banner advertising with product recommendations that we believe best relate to the items you viewed on our website. these banners are then served across other websites that you may visit. this process is called behavioral advertising and although the ads are individually tailored to each visitor, all cookie data is anonymized and stored temporarily. we use the browsing behavior data to create personal product recommendations on our website, our marketing emails and in our printed catalog. how we use personal information we use the personal information which we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: process, track, and fulfill your order; communicate with you regarding your order; create a gift certificate; respond to a request for information; send you catalogs or promotional information and material, including information regarding products or services that may be of interest to you; send you newsletters, customer alerts, and email; communicate with you regarding products you have purchased; improve our websites; enhance our customer service; track customer preferences; improve and enhance our product selection; administer our loyalty programs; to protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our customers, and other third parties; to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred; and to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. how we share personal information we do not sell, disclose or otherwise provide personal information we collect to third parties except as described below. we share, disclose and provide personal information with our subsidiary and affiliated companies which are owned or controlled by us or which are under common ownership and control with us. we share, disclose, and provide personal information for a business purpose with third party companies, service providers, agents, and subcontractors which are not our subsidiary or affiliated companies including the following categories of companies: professional mailing list companies (personal identifiers, purchasing history, individual preferences & characteristics, and demographic information) printers of our catalogs and other promotional and advertising materials (purchasing identifiers) credit card processing companies (personal identifiers, financial information) online payment services (device & online identifiers, financial information) postal and delivery services (personal identifiers, purchasing history) fulfillment services (personal identifiers, purchasing history) technology infrastructure providers (personal identifiers, device & online identifiers, location data; internet, application & network activity) personalization and recommendation services (personal identifiers, purchasing history, individual preferences & characteristics, location data) tax compliance and automation services (personal identifiers and purchasing history) companies related to the fulfillment of ebook purchases including drm applications and reporting to content providers (personal identifiers, device & online identifiers, location data; internet, application & network activity) fraud protection services (personal identifiers, location data and device & online identifiers) third parties with whom you direct us to share your personal information we sell, share, disclose, and provide personal information with third party companies, service providers, agents, and subcontractors which are not our subsidiary or affiliated companies including the following categories of companies: search engines such as google and bing (personal identifiers, purchasing history, individual preferences & characteristics, location data, demographic information, device & online identifiers; internet, application & network activity) social networking sites such as facebook, twitter, pinterest tiktok, and instagram (personal identifiers, purchasing history, individual preferences & characteristics, location data, demographic information, device & online identifiers; internet, application & network activity) mailing list rentals, exchanges and co-ops (personal identifiers, purchasing history, individual preferences & characteristics, demographic information) data analysis companies (personal identifiers, purchasing history, individual preferences & characteristics, location data, demographic information, device & online identifiers; internet, application & network activity) market research companies (personal identifiers, purchasing history, individual preferences & characteristics, location data, demographic information, device & online identifiers; internet, application & network activity) *marketing, promotional, advertising, retargeting and remarketing service providers (personal identifiers, purchasing history, individual preferences & characteristics, location data, demographic information, device & online identifiers; internet, application & network activity) *providers of text messaging marketing services (personal identifiers; purchasing history; individual preferences & characteristics; location data; demographic information; device & online identifiers; internet, application & network activity rewards program we share your name, order history, address, and payment details with our brand engagement partner when you sign up for our rewards program for purposes of administering that program. you can read more about the terms of our rewards program here: https://www.christianbookrewards.com/program-terms christianbook offers a rewards program for a set fee per month, following a trial period. rewards participants receive benefits such as cash back from purchases and shipping rebates. please be advised that this program is available to you by christianbook, llc and is operated by clarus commerce llc as a service provider of christianbook on behalf of and for the benefit of christianbook. as such, clarus commerce will receive your name, email address, order history, address, and payment details in order to facilitate your participation in the rewards program (and not for other purposes). clarus commerce also fulfills all claim payouts and rebates offered through the rewards program on behalf of christianbook. if you make a verified request to delete all of your data, we will share that request with clarus commerce. please be advised that, once we comply with your request, the only personal information we will retain of yours is a record of your request itself. your order history, name, and contact information will be deleted or anonymized along with the rest of your information, making it impossible to administer our program as we cannot tie you to any of your past orders. if you visit a third party website that is operated and maintained by us on behalf of such third parties, your personal information may be shared with such third party. these websites may be identified by the inclusion of the third party’s name in the url such as www.thirdparty.christianbook.com where “third party” would be replaced by the name or other identifier of the third party. we may provide our mailing list (names, addresses, and/or email addresses) and information about individual shopping interests to other select companies whose products or services may be of interest to you including charitable and non-profit organizations. we may also send you catalogs or other promotional materials on behalf of other companies. see “what are my choices regarding my information?” below for your options regarding these other companies. we may in the future sell some or all of our assets and/or business units, in which case, customer information may be one of the assets transferred. we may disclose any information that we collect if required by law or valid order of a court or other governmental authority or to protect the health and safety of our employees or the general public. in order for christianbook to ship materials to mexico, the revenue agency of mexico and customs require that we make available to them the recipient's name, address, and tax id. by providing this information, you understand that the recipient’s name, address, and tax id, along with a detailed description of the products ordered, will be provided to any third-party shipping company (such as dhl or fedex) as well as mexican revenue and customs authorities. how is personal information secured? sensitive information which we receive and collect from you is secured using encryption technology such as transportation layer security (tls) technology. this technology prevents information which is transmitted over the internet from being intercepted and read by unauthorized parties. all information is stored on secured computers to which access is restricted. how can i access my personal information? personal information may be accessed by logging onto your account page of christianbook.com and/or biblesinbulk.com if you have previously registered on these websites and you may also track orders and recent account activity. what are my choices regarding my personal information? you can review, modify, update, and delete certain information contained in your account by logging onto your account page of christianbook.com and/or biblesinbulk.com. if you purchase products or services from our websites without opening an account, you may indicate that you do not wish to receive catalogs, emails, or other communications from us or from other companies during the purchase ordering process. if you visit or use christianbook.com and you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you can indicate this by changing your email preferences in the account section of the christianbook.com website or by sending an email to "unsubscribe@christianbook.com" with the word "unsubscribe" included in the subject field or by calling us toll free at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or by writing us at christianbook mail preference service, p.o. box 7000, peabody, ma 01961-7000. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want to receive future email notices from christianbook. if you visit or use christianbook.com and you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please send an email to "customer.service@christianbook.com", call us at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or write to us at christianbook mail preference service, p.o. box 7000, peabody, ma 01961-7000. please specify in your correspondence that you do not wish to receive mailings from christianbook. if you visit or use christianbook.com and you prefer that we do not share any of your information with other companies, you can indicate this by sending an email to us at "customer.service@christianbook.com", by calling us at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or by writing to us at christianbook mail preference service, po box 7000, peabody, ma 01961-7000. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want us to share your address with other companies. if you are already receiving unwanted mailings, please provide us with your exact name and address. if you visit or use christianbook.com and you do not wish to receive catalogs, emails, or other promotional materials from other companies, you can indicate this by sending an email to us at "customer.service@christianbook.com", by calling us at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or by writing to us at christianbook mail preference service, po box 7000, peabody, ma 01961-7000. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want us to share your address with other companies. if you are already receiving unwanted mailings, please provide us with your exact name and address. if you visit or use biblesinbulk.com and you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you can send an email to customer.service@biblesinbulk.com, call us toll free at 1-800-944-6360, or write us at biblesinbulk.com, po box 3477, peabody ma 01960. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want to receive future email notices from bib. if you visit or use biblesinbulk.com and you wish to be removed from our mailing list, you can send an email to customer.service@biblesinbulk.com, call us toll free at 1-800-944-6360, or write us at biblesinbulk.com, po box 3477, peabody ma 01960. please specify in your correspondence that you do not wish to receive mailings from bib. if you visit or use biblesinbulk.com and you prefer that we do not share any of your information with other companies, you can send an email to customer.service@biblesinbulk.com, call us toll free at 1-800-944-6360, or write us at biblesinbulk.com, po box 3477, peabody ma 01960. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want us to share your address with other companies. if you are already receiving unwanted mailings, please provide us with your exact name and address. if you visit or use biblesinbulk.com and you do not wish to receive catalogs, emails, or other promotional materials from other companies you can send an email to customer.service@biblesinbulk.com, call us toll free at 1-800-944-6360, or write us at biblesinbulk.com, po box 3477, peabody ma 01960. please specify in your correspondence that you do not want us to share your address with other companies. if you are already receiving unwanted mailings, please provide us with your exact name and address. if you visit or use homeschoolcompass.com and you do not wish to receive promotional emails or newsletters from us, please unsubscribe directly from the promotional email or newsletter or you may send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com. please specify in your email that you do not wish to receive future promotional emails or newsletters from homeschoolcompass.com. third parties, including facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive your personal information from this web site and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. like many retailers, christianbook contracts with service providers to serve or send advertisements on our behalf. we work with these advertising service providers that collect information across various channels for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you. our advertising service providers may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our communications, and we may share personal information with them if you have submitted such information to us, such as your name, postal address, email address, or device id. our advertising service providers may link the information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device and collect information such as your ip address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or shopping information. our advertising service providers use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms over time to assist us with our operations including for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. many of christianbook’s advertising and marketing service providers are members of the network advertising initiative (nai), or the digital advertising alliance (daa), and have agreed to honor consumers' requests to opt-out of behavior-based online advertising submitted through those organizations' websites. to learn more about your choices regarding this type of data collection or to opt-out of interest-based advertising by members of the nai or the daa, please visit nai consumer opt out or your ad choices. if you are a resident of the eu, you may opt-out of the collection and use of your personal information for ad targeting by accessing the mechanism available at your online choices. most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies. however, doing so may prevent you from accessing all functionality of the sites. please see “cookies and other identifiers,” above, for more information on cookies and our recognition of browser settings and signals. underage users this website is not intended for people under the age of eighteen (18) years. if you are under the age of eighteen (18) years, you may use this web site and purchase products and services through the use of this web site only with the involvement and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. we do not knowingly collect personal information from people under the age of eighteen (18) years. if you are under the age of eighteen (18) years, do not use or provide any information on this website. if we learn we have collected or received personal information from a person under the age of eighteen (18) years without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. links to other websites and third-party advertisers our sites include links to other websites, some of which may not be our subsidiary or affiliated companies and we are not responsible for their actions or activities. we encourage you to review the privacy and security policies of these websites and advertisers. questions and concerns if you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy you may call us toll-free at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries) or you may send an email to customerservice@christianbook.com, if you are a customer of or visiting or using christianbook.com, or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-944-6360, if you are a customer of or visiting or using biblesinbulk.com, or you may send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using homeschool compass.com. changes to privacy policy we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify and amend this privacy policy in any manner at any time by posting a change notice on our website. for california residents only notice of collection categories of personal information category: “identifiers” including real name, alias, user name, account name, mobile device id, postal address, ip address, email address, mobile telephone number, telephone number, fax number, and user agent. business purpose for collection and use: process, track, and fulfill your order; communicate with you regarding your order; create a gift certificate; respond to a request for information; send you catalogs or promotional information and material, including information regarding products or services that may be of interest to you; send you newsletters, customer alerts, and email; communicate with you regarding products you have purchased; improve our websites; enhance our customer service; track customer preferences; fraud detection; tax compliance; and improve and enhance our product selection. shared with third parties? yes retention period: we will only retain your information for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy (including to provide, advertise, or market services to you), as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. we conduct periodic reviews to ensure that your personal information is not kept longer than necessary, adequate, or relevant for our expressed purposes. category: “personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e))” including name, address, mobile telephone number, telephone number, fax number, bank account number, credit card number, and debit card number. business purpose for collection and use: process, track, and fulfill your order; communicate with you regarding your order; create a gift certificate; respond to a request for information; send you catalogs or promotional information and material, including information regarding products or services that may be of interest to you; send you newsletters, customer alerts, and email; communicate with you regarding products you have purchased; improve our websites; enhance our customer service; track customer preferences; and improve and enhance our product selection. shared with third parties? yes retention period: we will only retain your information for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy (including to provide, advertise, or market services to you), as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. we conduct periodic reviews to ensure that your personal information is not kept longer than necessary, adequate, or relevant for our expressed purposes. category: “protected classification characteristics under california or federal law” including gender, age, and language. business purpose for collection and use: send you catalogs or promotional information and material, including information regarding products or services that may be of interest to you; send you newsletters, customer alerts, and email; communicate with you regarding products you have purchased; improve our websites; enhance our customer service; track customer preferences; and improve and enhance our product selection. shared with third parties? yes retention period: we will only retain your information for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy (including to provide, advertise, or market services to you), as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. we conduct periodic reviews to ensure that your personal information is not kept longer than necessary, adequate, or relevant for our expressed purposes. category: “internet or other similar network activity” including browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement, and referring website. business purpose for collection and use: send you catalogs or promotional information and material, including information regarding products or services that may be of interest to you; send you newsletters, customer alerts, and email; improve our websites; enhance our customer service; track customer preferences; and improve and enhance our product selection. shared with third parties? yes retention period: we will only retain your information for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy (including to provide, advertise, or market services to you), as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. we conduct periodic reviews to ensure that your personal information is not kept longer than necessary, adequate, or relevant for our expressed purposes. category: “geolocation data” including physical location or movements, city or town, region, and country.. business purpose for collection and use: process, track, and fulfill your order; communicate with you regarding your order; create a gift certificate; respond to a request for information; send you catalogs or promotional information and material, including information regarding products or services that may be of interest to you; send you newsletters, customer alerts, and email; communicate with you regarding products you have purchased; improve our websites; enhance our customer service; track customer preferences; fraud detection; and improve and enhance our product selection. shared with third parties? yes retention period: we will only retain your information for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy (including to provide, advertise, or market services to you), as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. we conduct periodic reviews to ensure that your personal information is not kept longer than necessary, adequate, or relevant for our expressed purposes. category: “inferences drawn from other personal information” including a person's preferences and affinities. while our focus is products, not people, the nature of our product line means that we also collect information which could suggest your interest in products that may be associated with a specific racial or ethnic category and/or set of religious or philosophical beliefs. business purpose for collection and use: process, track, and fulfill your order; communicate with you regarding your order; create a gift certificate; respond to a request for information; send you catalogs or promotional information and material, including information regarding products or services that may be of interest to you; send you newsletters, customer alerts, and email; improve our websites; enhance our customer service; track customer preferences; and improve and enhance our product selection. shared with third parties? yes retention period: we will only retain your information for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy (including to provide, advertise, or market services to you), as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. we conduct periodic reviews to ensure that your personal information is not kept longer than necessary, adequate, or relevant for our expressed purposes. category: “purchasing history” – we maintain a history of products you have purchased, rented, and/or returned. business purpose for collection and use: process, track, and fulfill your order; communicate with you regarding your order; create a gift certificate; respond to a request for information; send you catalogs or promotional information and material, including information regarding products or services that may be of interest to you; send you newsletters, customer alerts, and email; communicate with you regarding products you have purchased; improveour websites; enhance our customer service; track customer preferences; tax compliance; and improve and enhance our product selection. shared with third parties? yes retention period: we will only retain your information for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy (including to provide, advertise, or market services to you), as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. we conduct periodic reviews to ensure that your personal information is not kept longer than necessary, adequate, or relevant for our expressed purposes. for california, colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas, utah, and virginia only your privacy rights • request to opt-out: we do not sell or share your personal information to third parties except for the marketing purposes we’ve described above. you have the right to direct us not to share data for purposes of cross-context behavioral marketing (residents of california), or the right to opt out of the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted advertising (residents of colorado, connecticut, utah, and virginia). you may click on the “your state-specific privacy choices” link on our homepage to exercise your right to opt-out, or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or you may send an email to privacyrequest@christianbook.com, if you are a customer of or visiting or using christianbook.com, or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-944-6360, or you may send an email to customer.service@biblesinblulk.com, if you are a customer of or visiting or using biblesinbulk.com, or you may send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using homeschool compass.com. if exercised, the decision to opt-out will be valid for at least 12 months, at which time we may request that you authorize the sale of personal information again (if permitted by state law). some devices or web browsers can be configured to signal a user’s privacy preferences to websites. at this time, our website is configured to recognize the global privacy control as a request to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal data for california, colorado, connecticut and virginia consumers. • request to know: you have the right to know whether we are processing your personal information and request that we disclose a report of your personal information, including the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information has been obtained, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information (as well as which categories of information were disclosed). residents of oregon have the additional right to receive a list of specific third parties, other than natural persons, to whom we have disclosed personal data. any such data should be provided in a format easily understandable to the average consumer, and to the extent technically feasible, in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. for additional information and to request your report, you may click on the “your state-specific privacy choices” link on our homepage or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or you may send us an email to privacyrequest@christianbook.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using christianbook.com, or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-944-6360, , or you may send us an email to customer.service @biblesinbulk.com, if you are a customer of or visiting or using biblesinbulk.com, or you may send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using homeschool compass.com. • request to delete: you have the right to request that we delete your personal information. once we receive and verify your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. for additional information and to request deletion of your personal information, you may click on the “your state-specific privacy choices” link on our homepage or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), ), or you may send us an email to privacyrequest@christianbook.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using christianbook.com, or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-944-6360, , or you may send us an email to customer.service@biblesinbulk.com, if you are a customer of or visiting or using biblesinbulk.com, or you may send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using homeschool compass.com. • request to correct: you have the right to request that we correct, rectify and/or update any of your personal information that is incorrect, incomplete or out of date. if you have created an online account, you may edit your personal information at any time. for additional information and to request that we correct, rectify and/or update your personal information, you may click on the “your state-specific privacy choices” link on our homepage or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or you may send us an email to privacyrequest@christianbook.com, if you are a customer of or visiting or using christianbook.com, or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-944-6360, or send us an email to customer.service@biblesinbulk.com, if you are a customer of or visiting or using biblesinbulk.com, or you may send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using homeschool compass.com. • right to limit: the nature of our product line means that we also collect information which could suggest your interest in products that may be associated with specific racial or ethic category and/or set of religious or philosophical beliefs. by your purchase of certain products, we may collect certain personal information which may be considered sensitive personal information, to the extent such information could be used to reveal your racial or ethnic origin and/or your religious or philosophical beliefs. • if you are a resident of california, you have the right to direct that we limit the use of such sensitive personal information to those uses which an average consumer reasonably expects is necessary for us to perform the services and provide the goods requested, to help ensure data security, for non-personalized advertising, customer service, and quality control. for more detail, pleases see paragraphs (2), (4), (5), and (8) of subdivision (e) of section 1798.140 of the the california privacy rights act (“cpra”) and any accompanying regulations adopted pursuant to subparagraph (c) of paragraph (19) of subdivision (a) of section 1798.185 of the cpra. • if you are a resident of utah, you have the right to opt-out of the processing of sensitive personal information. if you exercise that right, we will not share your order information with carefully-screened third parties in order to make offers and recommendations to you regarding additional products and services that may be of interest. any offers will be made based on the nature of your purchased products, not based on any inference we make as the result of such purchases. • if you are a resident of colorado, connecticut, oregon, texas, or virginia, christianbook will not share your order information with carefully-screened third parties in order to make offers and recommendations to you regarding additional products and services that may be of interest, unless we receive your consent to do so. any offers will be made based on the nature of your purchased products, not based on any inference we make as the result of such purchases. for additional information and to make choices regarding the use of your sensitive personal information, you may click on “your state-specific privacy choices” link on our homepage or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-christian (1-800-247-4784, us and canada; 1-978-977-5000 all other countries), or you may send us an email to privacyrequest@christianbook.com, if you are a customer of or visiting or using christianbook.com, or you may call us toll-free at 1-800-944-6360, or send us an email to customer.service@biblesinbulk.com, if you are a customer of or visiting or using biblesinbulk.com, or you may send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using homeschool compass.com. how to exercise your privacy rights when you contact us to exercise your rights to know, delete, or correct your personal information, we will verify your identity. we will then verify your request by asking you to confirm the action(s) to be taken by phone call or a response to an email. with a request to correct, we may require information from you to demonstrate that our data is incorrect. this information shall only be used and/or maintained by the business for the purpose of correcting your personal information and to comply with any record-keeping obligations we may have under the law. you may use an authorized agent to exercise any of the rights above. in order to have an authorized agent exercise any of your rights on your behalf, you or your authorized agent must provide us with signed written permission from you to your authorized agent authorizing the agent to exercise these rights on your behalf or with a copy of a lawful power of attorney. when an authorized agent exercises any of these rights on your behalf, we will verify your identity with your authorized agent. we will then verify the request by asking the authorized agent to confirm the action(s) to be taken by phone call or a response to an email. for avoidance of doubt, parents may make a verifiable request on behalf of their minor child to exercise any consumer rights described in this policy. you may make a verifiable consumer request up to two times within a 12-month period, without charge. unfortunately, we cannot respond to your request to delete or correct or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. we try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt, and an opt-out request/request to limit the use of sensitive information will be processed within 15 days. if we require more time to respond to a verifiable consumer request, we will inform you of the reason and extension time period (up to 90 days). if you have an account with us, we will deliver our response to the email associated with that account. if you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our response by mail or electronically, at your option. the response we provide will also explain any reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. (for residents of colorado, connecticut, oregon, texas, and virginia only) you have a right to appeal any denial of a consumer right. if your request is denied in whole or in part, you have the right to appeal your decision within 30 days. we will review and respond to your request within 45 days, and if your appeal is denied, we will provide you with an explanation of our reasons and a description of any further rights you may have at that time. notice to residents of florida and texas: this website may sell your sensitive personal data, as defined by state law. due to the nature of our products, your purchase information may suggest certain religious beliefs or your racial or ethnic origin. we never sell or share this information with third parties in exchange for money, but christianbook does participate in mailing list exchanges and co-ops where participants exchange customer names and other personal information for the purpose of making offers and recommendations regarding additional products and services that may be of interest. by default, as a resident of texas or florida, christianbook will not share your order and contact information with carefully-screened third parties in order to make offers and recommendations to you regarding additional products and services that may be of interest unless we receive your consent below to do so. any offers we make to you will be based on the nature of your purchased products, not based on any inference we make as to your personal religious beliefs. non-discrimination statement/ right to equal service we will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights as a consumer under any applicable laws. unless permitted by law, we will not: • deny you goods or services. • charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. • provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. • suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. we may offer you certain financial incentives or bona fide loyalty, rewards or discount programs permitted by law that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. any legally-permitted financial incentive or bona fide loyalty, rewards or discount program we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. participation in a financial incentive or bona fide loyalty, rewards or discount program program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. for eu and eea residents only we recognize and respect our eu and eea customers’ rights to access, correct, request the deletion of, and/or request that our use of your personal information be restricted in accordance with applicable law. we also strive to ensure that the personal information we collect is and remains accurate and up to date. your rights subject to applicable law regarding your personal information include: the right to know what personal information we maintain about you the right to be provided a copy of your personal information in a commonly used and machine readable format upon your written request the right to request that any incorrect, incomplete or out of date information be corrected and/or updated the right to object to the processing of your personal information the right to request that your personal information be deleted or to request restrictions on how we use this personal information (this right is determined and could be restricted by applicable law and may impact your ability to access and/or use some of our services) you can review, modify, update, and delete certain personal information by logging onto your account page of our websites.  you should update your information immediately if it changes or is inaccurate or incomplete.  if you make a public posting, you may not be able to change or remove it. we will comply with any right you may have under applicable law to access, modify, erase, or restrict the use of your personal information. to request access to your personal information, to request that your personal information be modified, to request that your personal information be erased, or to request that the use of your personal information be restricted, please send an email to privacyrequest@christianbook.com, or send an email to hello@homeschoolcompass.com if you are a customer of or visiting or using homeschool compass.com, and include in your email your first and last name, your site user name, your email address, your country of residence, and a description of your request regarding your personal information. please include in the subject line of your email: “eu privacy request”. you should be aware that fees may apply if permitted by applicable law. where you have a right under applicable law to request access to your personal information, to request that your personal information be modified, to request that your personal information be erased, or to request that the use of your personal information be restricted, we may have the right to decline such access or to deny your request regarding the modification, erasure, or restriction on the use of your personal information in accordance with and as allowed by applicable law. if you request that the processing of some or all of your personal information be terminated or you withdraw your consent, where applicable, to our use and disclosure of your personal information for the purposes explained in this privacy notice, we may not be able to offer you all of the services and customer support which we provide to our authorized users and customers. when requested, we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible based on recent account activity and in accordance with applicable law. you are contracting with christianbook, llc, of 140 summit street, peabody, massachusetts 01960 usa. the company you are contracting with is your data controller, and is responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and applicable law. when required by applicable law, we have appointed a data protection officer to be responsible for this privacy policy. sign up to receive exclusive email offersyou can unsubscribe at any time data collection notice sign up to receive exclusive email offersyou can unsubscribe at any time sign up close connect with us shops▼▲ bibles gifts bargains toys homeschool vbs christian living church supplies bible studies kids dvds fiction music academics account account▼▲ checkout account order history wishlist cart subscribe email unsubscribe email shipping & returns shipping & returns▼▲ shipping & handling rates easy returns services services▼▲ christianbook rewards giveback program affiliate program autoship gift cards membership self-publishing catalog catalog▼▲ catalog quick shop online catalogs request our catalogs community community▼▲ social media podcast blog homeschool compass prayer wall free resources author profiles about us about us▼▲ company info. charitable giving job opportunities help help▼▲ customer service faq your state-specific privacy choices email signup sign up to receive exclusive email offersyou can unsubscribe at any time. notice of collection: your ca privacy rights shops bibles gifts bargains toys homeschool vbs christian living church supplies bible studies kids dvds fiction music academics sign in desktop site 1-800-christian 1-800-247-4784(outside the united statesand canada call: 978-977-5000) email us 140 summit st. peabody, ma 01960 tax information for al residents terms & conditions privacy notice accessibility statement sitemap © 2025 christianbook, llc * 30 *