来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231120354/http://www.vistaprint.com/mailing-services.aspx
================================================================================

postcard mailing & mailing services | vistaprint vistaprint promotional products corporate reseller everything to market your business. united statesen united states en es australia belgië fr nl brazil you are being redirected to our partner site, printi. ok cancel canada en fr danmark deutschland españa france india ireland italia nederland new zealand norge österreich schweiz de fr it singapore suomi sverige united kingdom 日本 warning: changing locales might cause some items in your cart to be removed. do you want to continue? ok cancel select a category new arrivals ideas & advice business cards business services calendars checks corporate gifts clothing & bags design services digital marketing holiday cards & gifts invitations & announcements labels & stickers magnets marketing materials phone cases photo gifts promotional products stamps & ink stationery signs & posters specials all products help is here. 1.866.614.8002 sign in my account sign in my account cart please log in to see the content of your cart | my account sign in my account order history quick reorder order status my portfolio my favorites my images & logos my matching designs my resources account settings communications stored payments all products new arrivals ideas & advice business cards standard business cards signature business cards ultra thick business cards brilliant finish business cards folded business cards business card holders see all business cards business services logo design mailing lists credit card processing postage meters see all business services calendars wall calendars desk calendars magnetic calendars pocket calendars poster calendars see all calendars checks checks credit card processing gift certificates see all checks corporate gifts promotional products personalized mugs pens mouse pads usb flash drives see all corporate gifts clothing & bags t-shirts men's t-shirts women's t-shirts kids t-shirts polo shirts men's polo shirts women's polo shirts hats hoodies bags promotional products see all custom clothing design services digital marketing websites website design services local listings social media marketing email marketing business email vistaprint digital blog see all websites & internet marketing holiday cards & gifts holiday cards photo calendars photo gifts canvas prints personalized mugs phone cases pillows puzzles t-shirts see all personalized gifts labels & gift tags business gifts see all holiday products invitations & announcements wedding invitations save the dates birthday invitations birth announcements baby shower invitations party invitations moving announcements graduation invitations business invitations religious announcements holiday cards see all invitations & announcements labels & stickers address labels return address labels mailing labels stickers & decals product labels custom stickers business card stickers bumper stickers window decals tags name tags gift tags see all labels & stickers magnets car magnets magnetic business cards postcard magnets magnetic calendars see all magnets marketing materials flyers postcards postcard mailing services brochures rack cards door hangers presentation folders menus table tents coasters paper coasters photo coasters see all coasters bookmarks gift certificates loyalty cards magnets corporate gifts how to create marketing materials boost your business this holiday. be prepared for your busy season. see all marketing materials phone cases samsung galaxy cases iphone cases see all phone cases photo gifts personalized mugs wall calendars phone cases desk calendars canvas prints premium canvas prints mounted prints see all canvas prints photo cards photo books mouse pads bookmarks pillows puzzles coasters photo coasters paper coasters see all coasters posters see all photo gifts promotional products stamps & ink self-inking stamps pre-inked stamps notary stamps signature stamps date stamps pocket stamps embossers replacement ink see all stamps & ink stationery address labels return address labels mailing labels pens letterhead notebooks envelopes notepads envelope seals note cards appointment cards thank you cards sticky notes sticky note holders holiday cards see all stationery signs & posters banners posters yard signs car magnets foam board signs window decals signs bumper stickers boost your business this holiday. see all signs & posters specials see all products holiday cards & gifts holiday cards photo calendars photo gifts canvas prints personalized mugs phone cases pillows puzzles t-shirts see all personalized gifts labels & gift tags business gifts see all holiday cards & gifts business cards marketing materials postcards brochures flyers postcard mailing services door hangers rack cards presentation folders menus table tents coasters paper coasters photo coasters see all coasters bookmarks magnets car magnets magnetic business cards postcard magnets magnetic calendars see all magnets corporate gifts pens personalized mugs usb flash drives mouse pads see all corporate gifts promotional products boost your business this holiday. be prepared for your busy season. see all marketing products signs & posters banners posters yard signs car magnets foam board signs window decals signs bumper stickers signs & posters accessories boost your business this holiday. see all signs & posters invitations & stationery invitations & announcements wedding invitations save the dates birthday invitations birth announcements baby shower invitations graduation invitations party invitations moving announcements see all invitations & announcements stationery note cards thank you cards letterhead return address labels envelopes envelope seals see all stationery see all invitations & stationery clothing & bags men's t-shirts women's t-shirts kids t-shirts men's polo shirts women's polo shirts hats hoodies bags promotional products see all custom clothing digital marketing websites website design services local listings social media marketing email marketing business email vistaprint digital blog see all digital marketing specials only one promo code can be used per order. savings will be reflected in your shopping cart. discounts cannot be applied to shipping and processing, taxes, design services, previous purchases or products on the vistaprint promotional products site, unless otherwise specified. discount prices on digital products are valid for initial billing cycle only. additional charges may apply for shipping and processing, and taxes, unless otherwise specified. free offers only valid on the lowest quantity of each product and not valid on more than 2 items per order. promo code has been applied: details enter your tv/radio code or another promo code: have a different promo code? apply only one code may be used per order. have a promo code? promo code has been applied have a different promo code? close postcard mailing services home > marketing materials > postcard mailing services flyers postcards postcard mailing services brochures rack cards door hangers presentation folders menus table tents coasters bookmarks gift certificates loyalty cards magnets corporate gifts how to create marketing materials boost your business this holiday. be prepared for your busy season. we're sorry, the item you selected is currently unavailable. thank you for your interest. okok 50 starting at $10.00 get started 50 starting at $10.00 get started 50 starting at $10.00 get started 50 starting at $10.00 get started 50 starting at $10.00 get started 1. design your card choose a matching design or 1,000s more. 2. build a list tell us who to send them to, or buy a targeted list. 3. we’ll mail it for you avoid hours of work and get discounted postage. pricingfaqsuccess stories see how much you’ll save. time is money – and you’ll save both with postcard mailing services. enter your mailing preferences below and see how inexpensive it is. get a price quote postcard size: standard (5.47" x 4.21") oversized (8.52" x 5.47") back side: black & white full color mailing list: upload your own buy a list we get a discounted postage rate because we presort all of our mailings. and those savings are passed right on down to you. save up to 10%! discounted postage: first class (5 - 12 business days) first class rush (4 - 8 business days) enter quantity: addressing and handling fee: $19.99 estimated total: $152.99 support need help with your postcard mailing or a mailing list? give us a call monday-friday, 8 a.m.-midnight 1-866-859-3075 download our information kit. did you know that addressing and mailing 250 postcards yourself could take up to 4 hours? let us send your mailing for you! get started pricing + what is the advantage to using postcard mailing? postcard mailing is a fast, easy and affordable way to get your marketing message out. in as few as three days, your postcards can be in the mail and on their way to your very best customers and prospects. it also allows you to design, print and mail your marketing postcards in one convenient online location, at any time. + what’s included in the postcard mailing fees? the postcard mailing fee includes list processing, address validation, address printing and delivery to the post office. + what is your cancellation and refund policy for postcard mailing? we always seek to provide the highest quality of service possible. order cancellation and a credit can be issued only when the order has not yet been fulfilled. due to the nature of mailings, postage is never refundable when the mailing has already been processed. list purchase fees are also non-refundable once purchased. + can i pay by check? no. at this time you cannot pay for postcard mailing by check. designing a postcard + what areas of my postcard must be left blank for addressing and postage? postcard designs must comply with the united states postal service regulations for positioning of addresses, barcodes and postage indicia. click here for layout details. + do i need to put a return address on my mailing? while it isn’t mandatory to include your return address on your postcard, this is another great opportunity to communicate the name and location of your business to your customers. in addition, by placing your return address on the mailing, you make it easier for the post office to return undeliverable mail to you. this ensures your list is up to date and allows you to account for undeliverable mail so that you accurately evaluate your mailing’s effectiveness. + can my company set up a site with our branded templates for easy re-ordering? yes, our business solutions program is the answer! let vistaprint be your printing fulfillment solution for your employees, sales reps and customers. this program is perfect for real estate, direct sales and mlm organizations — any company looking to offer branded printed products to a large group of people. enjoy a scalable, co-branded web site built, hosted, and supported by vistaprint. click here to apply. uploading a mailing list + what file formats are acceptable to use for my mailing list? we recommend using our downloadable excel mailing list template to ensure you have the proper list format. we also accept comma separated value (.csv) and tab delimited (.txt) files as long as you include the column headers that match our template. + can i send you my mailing list on a cd or disk? no. you must upload your mailing list through our web site. we’re able to keep costs down by automating our list processing and can ensure list privacy and security by validating and storing it securely online. + do you check my list for typos and mistakes? we check your list using delivery point validation (dpv) and locatable address conversion system (lacs) to verify that each address is an actual, deliverable location. we also format your list using coding accuracy support system (cass), a basic standardization and correction process that ensures your addresses meet the united states postal services standards. + will i be charged for duplicate addresses? no. we will identify duplicate addresses in your list and give you the option to delete them. + can i combine two or more lists? yes. we will allow you to merge lists for your mailing. within your account, you will see a mailing lists section, where you can merge, edit and download lists. + is my uploaded mailing list secure? our web site is designed with numerous security features to protect your valuable information. look for the lock icon at the bottom of the web page to ensure your information is encrypted and transmitted securely. we’ll store your information on our secure server and will never share any of your mailing list information with any outside parties. + do you store my list? yes. both uploaded and purchased lists are securely stored in the my lists section of my account. you can quickly and easily access your lists for future mailings. + is address validation necessary? yes. the united states postal service requires us to validate all addresses before mailing. address validation allows you to receive the best possible postage rates and make sure your mailing is promptly and accurately delivered. + how does address validation work? if we detect a mismatch between the different fields in your address, our software determines what the correct address should be. we will make sure that the zip code matches the city and state and that the street address exists. if our software cannot determine a correct address, we will allow you to correct it yourself, ensuring a prompt and accurate delivery of your mailing. + will address validation change my addresses? our system will only make automatic corrections to valid addresses to improve deliverability, such as the spelling of street or city names or adding zip+4. if we can’t validate any of your addresses as a known united states postal service address, you will be prompted to correct any missing or incorrect fields. once the validation has been completed, you’ll be able to review all of your addresses to make sure they are correct. purchasing mailing lists + where does the data come from when i buy a list? the data comes from accudata, an industry leader in marketing information solutions. + do i own the data once i purchase a list? are there restrictions? purchasing a list from accudata constitutes a one-year rental of the list. after one year, if some of the list members have not become customers, they can no longer be used without purchasing the list again. it is best practice to refresh any mailing list older than six months due to the frequency of address changes. please refer to our terms of use for mailing lists for further details. + can i view my list before i purchase it? unfortunately we can’t display the details of your list until your purchase is complete. however, you will be shown the number of results before completing your purchase. + will i be able to view, edit and download my list? yes. once purchased, your list can be downloaded, edited and re-used for a period of one year from the purchase date. for more details on the use of mailing lists, please see our terms of use for mailing lists. + how long before a purchased list is made available to me in my lists? a purchased list is usually delivered to your "my lists" page in about 30 minutes, but in some cases may take up to a few hours. you will receive an email notice when your list is available for your use. postage & delivery + what’s the difference between standard and first class postage? standard postage is a cost-effective, but slower, delivery option provided by the united states postal services. standard postage rates are only available for letter sized mail, including oversized postcards. first class postage ensures quick delivery to your recipient and we offer it at a discounted rate. different rates are available for cards (including postcards) and letters. + can i use my own mailing permit or non-profit status for postcard mailing? no. unfortunately, we’re unable to use our customers’ mailing permit or non-profit status for postage at this time. + do you offer bulk mail discounts? we offer united states postal service presorted rates for both standard and first class mailings. the post office only offers first class postcard rate for standard postcards. since oversized postcards are considered letter-size mail, the post office offers both first class and standard bulk rates. because of our volume, we’re able to pass along discounts on postal rates for all three of these postage types. + can i have mail with undeliverable addresses sent back to me? yes. first class mail is eligible for both “return service requested” and “address service requested” mail services. “return service requested” will return undeliverable mail to you with notification of the new address so you can update your mailing records. “address service requested” will forward the recipients’ new address only if a forwarding address is on file. otherwise, the mail will be returned to you. another option would be to add “or current resident” next to each address so that the post office will deliver it to the current resident of that address. you’ll have the option to select any of these three options during the checkout process. make sure to include your return address so that undeliverable mail can be returned to you. processing speed + how quickly will you print and mail my postcards? please allow three days for expedited printing and up to seven days for standard printing. once printed and mailed, first class mail is generally delivered within three to seven business days. standard bulk rate mail may take up to two weeks for delivery. see what our customers have to say. "every single mailing has brought me new customers!" vistaprint’s postcard mailing service works. every single mailing has brought me new customers! vistaprint created the postcards for me from scratch, and i was able to target exactly who i wanted! i’m very happy with the results. - dr. joseph santelli, dds, pc center for progressive dentistry duxbury, massachusetts "fast, easy and efficient." vistaprint’s postcard mailing service is fast, easy and efficient. my last campaign cost less than $600 (for online design, printing, postage and mailing – everything!) and so far has brought in more than $2,000 in orders! - nathan smithpresident, carbocleanerparker, colorado "the results have been even better than i imagined!" it was not only simple, but fun to create my postcards. ordering was effortless and the results have been even better than i imagined! i can't wait to do my next campaign with vistaprint. - sarah leigonlicensed massage therapist & estheticianorange, ca "it was so easy..." it was so easy to create targeted mailing lists for each of my postcards. our september auction was a huge success and i fully plan to use the service again for our future auctions. - jessica manbeckmarketing managerthomaston place auction galleriesthomaston, maine see what postcard mailing can do for you! get started vistaprint postcard mailing terms of use en es view more links let us help help center contact us shipping & delivery request samples what we offer our products upload designs partner with us advertising with us reseller program popular searches our company about us careers for media for investors webs our policies copyright matters trademark matters patents & trademarks connect with us owner nationread our blog sign up for savings refer a friend and get $10 off. rely on vistaprint absolutely guaranteed every time. any reason. or we’ll make it right. 1.866.614.8002 | home | site map | privacy policy | terms of use | a cimpress company © 2001-2016 vistaprint. all rights reserved. 17717 1 4400952673 42b630a06ec2f849449f1c5a69b4bb74 275273205961 please enable javascript.