来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231194856/https://www.vistaprint.com/hub/how-to-take-perfect-photo
================================================================================

christmas photography: how to take your own pictures | vistaprint us skip to main contentvistawebsites by vista x wixcorporate pricingreseller programvistacreatesite navigation search closesearchsearch help is here1.866.207.4955 my projects accountyour cart is empty.cartdealsholiday & christmas cardschristmas cardsnew year's cardsreligious cardshanukkah cardsbusiness holiday cardskwanzaa cardsphoto cardsnon-photo cardsshop all cardsrounded corners cardsembossed foil cardsscalloped edge cardssimple eleganceretro cheertimeless greenery bright & boldshop all new 2022 designs custom envelopescolored envelopesreturn address labelsenvelope sealsstampsfree recipient addressinghow to write the perfect christmas card messagephotos for christmas cards: 8 creative ideashow to take the perfect photo for your holiday cardscalendars & giftsthe holiday shopwall calendarscustom mugsphoto bookscustom canvas printsframed printsacrylic photo blockscustom blanketsshop all personalized giftsdesk calendarsposter calendarsshop all calendarsmetal printswood printswall postersphoto tilesshop all wall arttravel mugscustom tumblerscustom water bottlesetched stemless wine glassesetched can glassesetched pint glasseskids' water bottleshop all drinkwarecustom pillowsphoto coastersornamentspuzzlesphoto mouse padwireless charging padtotesbookmarkst-shirtsnotebooksnotepadspersonalized note cardshang tagswrapping paperpaper bagsholiday corporate giftingholiday business essentialsbusiness cardsstandardrounded cornersquaresoft touchmatte glossyhemp-blendbamboopearlrecycled matteshop allfoil accentembossed glosspainted edgeplasticshop alleco business cardsqr code business cardsbusiness card holdersmagnetic business cardsbusiness card stickersloyalty cardsfree business card sample kitbrowse designspostcards & print advertisingpostcardspostcard mailing servicespostcard magnetsflyers brochures presentation foldersdoor hangersrack cardsmagnetstable tentsmenusbooklets free business sample kit promotional productspensstamps & inkchecksnotebooksgift certificates bookmarksreseller programholiday cardsholiday envelopesmugscalendarsmagnetic calendarscorporate giftingholiday packagingshop all holiday business essentialsmarketing materialssigns, banners & postersvinyl bannerspole bannersdouble-sided bannersmesh bannersfabric bannerspennant bannersretractable bannerscar magnetscar door decalscar window decalsbumper stickersflagssignicadea-frameschalkboard signscanopy tentspostersbulk postersfoam boardswall decalscustom window decalscustom floor decalscustom yard signspop-up displaystension fabric displayscustom tableclothstable runnersblank tableclothstabletop signscorrugated a-frame signspvc-free board signsmetal signsplastic signsacrylic signsfloor standupscanvas signsengraved door signsdesk name platesrestroom signswayfinding signsplastic door signssign accessoriessigns & bannerslabels, stickers & packagingroll labelsreturn address labelsproduct labelspackaging labelsmailing labelsdie-cut roll labelsenvelope sealsshop all labels waterproof labelsbeer labelswine labelskids' school labelssheet stickers sticker singlescircle stickersrectangle stickersholographic stickersdie-cut sticker singles die-cut sheet stickersreusable stickersbumper stickersshop all custom stickersmailer boxespoly mailersshipping envelopesshipping boxesself-adhesive packaging tapewater-activated packaging tapestand-up pouchesflat pouchesshop all flexible packaginghang tagssingle-color paper bagswrapping papermailing box samplesshipping box samplesshop all packagingholiday packaginginvitations & stationerychristmas cardsnew year's cardsreligious cardshanukkah cardskwanzaa cardsnon-photo cardsshop all new 2022 designsthank you cardsstamps and ink note cardscustom envelopescolored envelopesreturn address labelsnotebooks notepads custom post-it notes®gift certificatesgift tagsshop all stationeryfree sample kitcustom illustrationssave the date cardssave the date magnetsbridal shower invitesshop all weddingwedding invitationswedding rsvp cardswedding enclosure cardswedding thank you cardswedding programswedding menu cardswedding foam boardsacrylic wedding signscocktail napkinskids' birthday invitesteen birthday invites​adult birthday invitesbirthday bannersbirthday yard signs shop all birthdaybaby shower invitesbaby announcementsreligious & baptism invitationsshop all babygraduation invites & announcementsgraduation thank yous​graduation bannersgraduation yard signs shop all gradgeneral party invitesmovingreligiousretirementclothing & bagst-shirtstank topspolo shirtsdress shirtssee allsoccerbasketballjacketssweatshirtsfleeces & knitsvestssee allcapsbeaniesvisorssee allpants & shortsaprons & uniformsbaby clothingaccessoriessee alltotesbackpacksdrawstring backpacksbusiness bagscoolersduffel & gym bagslaptop & tablet bagsluggagepaper bagssee allholiday collectionpromotional productspenspencilsnotebooks & padfoliossticky notesbadge holders & lanyardsoffice accessoriessee allmugswater bottlestravel mugs & tumblerscupsglasswarebottle & can coolerssee allmouse padsusb flash driveschargers & power banksmusic & audiotech accessoriessee allkeychainshome & toolshealth & beautyoutdoors & leisuresport accessoriestravel essentialssee allcandychocolatesnacksgourmet giftssee allholiday collectionwebsites by vista x wixwebsiteslistings managerdesign & logodesign serviceslogo designlogo makerqr code generator custom wedding illustrationsnew arrivalspoly mailersdouble sided bannersflat pouchesstand up pouchessee all new arrivals ideas and advice how to take the perfect photo for your holiday cards how to take the perfect photo for your holiday cards estimated reading time: 4 minutes you don’t have to be a professional photographer to take a decent photo, whether it’s for your instagram page, business website or holiday card. or, if you want to create a meaningful gift, consider using personal photos to make custom calendars and photo books. these days, you don’t even need a fancy camera to snap a high-quality shot – all you need is your smartphone. regardless of what type of equipment you’re working with, everyone can learn how to take the perfect photo using these pro-tips. plan the perfect time to shoot.think about composition.don’t stress about smiles.shoot like a pro on the go.fun holiday photo ideas. plan the perfect time to shoot. shoot outdoors if possible – natural light is easier to work with than artificial lighting equipment. try to shoot your photos during one of nature’s ‘golden hours,’ either an hour after sunrise or an hour before sunset. you’ll find that by taking photos at these times, the shadows are longer and less harsh due to the lower angle of the light. the warmer tones created by this low light make dawn or dusk popular times of day to shoot portraits, as the soft light is more flattering and won’t make people squint their eyes. and if you *can* only shoot during harsh sunlight hours, look for a shady spot. of course, it’s not always possible to shoot outside. if you are capturing photos indoors, never pose in front of a window, or make sure the light source isn’t behind the subject. if your smartphone or camera has a flash, use it – bounce it over the ceiling or walls to create a softer light. if you don’t have a flash, take advantage of any natural light you can by moving near a window. another indoor lighting trick is to have the light source come from the side of the subject – this can add some drama to your photo. think about composition. composition refers to the placement of subjects in a photo – it’s a good idea to visualize the final design before you start shooting. think about how you’re planning to use the photo and how you want your subjects to fill the frame. if you’re shooting a photo for a holiday card, pick a card design you like beforehand so you can compose your shots accordingly and shoot with your final design in mind. remember to always keep the rule of thirds in mind – mentally divide your photo in three, and place your subject on one of the dividing lines. for example, if the selected card has text on the right, you can place your subject on the left side of the frame to make sure there’s plenty of space to add your message later. vistaprint tip if you plan to overlay your photo with text, make sure your background is either dark or light, with very little contrast. this will make the text stand out against your image. don’t stress about a smile. trying to crack a smile under pressure can be a challenge, especially when the subject is shy. tell a joke or choose a familiar shooting location to make your subjects feel comfortable – this will help them relax and minimize awkward posing. and never underestimate the candid moments, either, as these can seem more natural – especially if you’re struggling to get a great shot of young children. photographer remy van donk suggests capturing genuine, natural moments instead of staging every shot. “during great and funny moments, shoot a lotof images, and pick the ones you like most later. these are the photos you’ll want to see later, when your children are all grown up, rather than standard family portraits.” serious shots with the subject looking at the camera can be powerful and are more appropriate for professional portraits – perfect for your linkedin or ‘about’ page. shoot like a pro on the go. you don’t need an expensive slr camera to start taking great holiday card pictures. if you’re using a smartphone, you can still leverage some expert tips to make sure you capture the best shot possible. remy adds that most iphone cameras are powerful and cope exceptionally well with poor light conditions. “learn how to use it – it’s better than a dslr camera, (unless you invest in a $2,000 lens).” follow these steps before you start shooting: before you begin shooting, clean your lens. (check the manufacturer’s guidelines for cleaning tips specific to your device!) this will help to achieve a crystal-clear photo.if you’re deciding between a color or black and white photo, always shoot in color first. you can always change to a different filter later.get close to your subject. the more you zoom from afar, the lower the quality. so, step right up and shoot…but give yourself a little extra space if you need to crop later. fun holiday photo ideas. now that you know how to shoot the perfect photo, it’s time to take the pic. try these fun christmas photo ideas that will bring the whole family together. for more candid shots, you can show your family baking holiday treats or playing in the snow. this makes for laughter-filled shots and fun memories. or bring the camera on the road and take pics while you and your family pick out your perfect tree. make your shots even more exciting with coordinated looks. from festive flannels while decorating the tree, bright reds that stand out against the snow, or matching pajamas in front of the fireplace – the whole family can bring out the holiday cheer. feeling a bit camera-shy? photos with props like candy canes and ornaments can make fun holiday photos for cards and gifts. add your furry friend to the scene and you’ve got a cute pet photo that everyone will enjoy! more tips from remy, a professional photographer. go low. don’t shoot children from an overhead view. instead, sit or lie down on the ground to capture them at an appropriate size.separate your subjects from noisy and busy backgrounds. move them closer towards the camera to create professional-looking images.use simple backgrounds. a simple wall, a window, or an out-of-focus christmas tree help to create great compositions. related articles personalized holiday gift ideas for everyone on your list this year, the holidays mean more than ever - it's a season that represents family, traditions (new and old!), gratitude, and hope. read more behind the scenes: holiday card trends for 2022 what does it take to make vistaprint’s annual holiday card collection? over nine months of work, 50 people (including researchers, […] read more photos for christmas cards: 8 creative ideas the holidays are right around the corner. and if part of your family’s holiday tradition is sending a christmas card, […] read more 50 christmas card message ideas it’s nearly that time of year again… we’ll soon be decking the halls, wrapping presents and celebrating with loved ones. […] read more start shopping shop holiday cards shop calendars shop canvas prints vistaprint is absolutely guaranteed. every time. any reason. or we'll make it right.let us helpmy accountshippingcontact & supportall productsideas & advicereseller programour companyabout uscareersfor investorsfor mediasustainabilitydo not sell my infocurrent country united states, click to select country.1.866.207.4955homeprivacy and cookie policyterms and conditionslegal noticea cimpress company © 2001-2022 vistaprint. all rights reserved.unless stated otherwise, prices are exclusive of delivery and product options.current country united states, click to select country.