来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101230225711/http://www.aclens.com/testimonials.asp
================================================================================

ac lens contact lenses - customer testimonials! we accept: order toll free 1-888-248-lens (5367) shopping cart reorder order tracking shipping info help faq acuvue focus freshlook proclear purevision soflens search: select your contact lenses: contact lens list acuvue acuvue 1-day acuvue 1-day moist acuvue 1-day trueye acuvue 2 acuvue 2 colours enhancers acuvue 2 colours opaques acuvue advance acuvue advance for astigmatism acuvue advance plus acuvue bifocal acuvue oasys acuvue oasys for astigmatism acuvue oasys for presbyopia air optix aqua air optix for astigmatism air optix multifocal air optix night & day avaira biofinity biofinity toric biomedics 38 biomedics 55 biomedics ep biomedics 1-day biomedics premier biomedics toric biomedics xc boston lenses cibasoft softcolors cibasoft visitint ciba standard visitint clearsight 1-day clearsight 1-day toric clear view cooper toric csi lenses dailies aquacomfort plus durasoft lenses encore expressions extreme h2o fluorex lenses fluoroperm lenses focus 1-2 week focus 1-2 week softcolors focus dailies focus dailies progressives focus dailies toric focus monthly focus monthly softcolors focus night & day focus progressives frequency 38 frequency 55 frequency 55 aspheric frequency 55 multifocal frequency 55 toric frequency 55 toric xr freshlook colors freshlook colors one day freshlook colorblends freshlook colorblends toric freshlook dimensions freshlook toric freshlook visitint hydrasoft lenses hydrocurve hydron z4/z6 illusions night & day optima 38 lenses optima fw optima toric optimum classic optimum comfort optimum extra optimum extreme o2-optix paragon paraperm lenses polycon ii precision uv preference lenses proclear lenses purevision lenses rigid gas perm (rgp) lenses sgp lenses soflens 38 soflens 66 toric soflens daily disposable soflens multifocal softcon ew softmate lenses torisoft lenses transaire ultraflex 38 ultraflex 55 vertex wild eyes shop with confidence contact lens brands acuvue air optix bausch & lomb biomedics boston ciba vision dailies focus frequency freshlook proclear purevision soflens contact lens types daily disposable 1-2 week disposable 1-3 month disposable conventional (vial) toric rgp (oxygen permeable) colored and tinted bifocal lens manufacturers bausch & lomb ciba vision cooper vision johnson & johnson (vistakon) lens & eye care products contact lens cases eyeglass accessories glasses dry & red eye treatments solutions and cleaners reading glasses sunglasses swimming goggles all accessories at ac lens, customer service is #1 we strive everyday to provide our customers with the best possible service. that means we keep you posted on backorders, let you know all of your options, and get your contact lenses to you with the smallest amount of effort possible on your part. we want you to be surprised by how well we treat you, and then we want you to come back again and expect that same superior level of quality service. don't just take our word for it, read what real customers have said after ordering contact lenses from ac lens. did you have a great experience at ac lens? tell us your story and let others know. what our customers say about ac lens wow....best price anywhere and shipping fast just wanted to thank you guys for an extremly easy ordering process and superb customer service. you have the absolute best price anywhere (store-front or internet). the product almost came as fast as i could get it from the store. i will continue to use ac lens for future purchases. thanks again!!!! submitted by tony (virginia) customer satisfaction comment we have been very happy with the quality of aclens products and the timeliness of delivery of orders...would definitely recommend! submitted by d. sodergren customer satisfaction comment when there's a problem with the products don't refer us to the manufacturing company since we didn't order from them but from yours. submitted by y. griffin customer satisfaction comment my first order from your company was great. i will certainly be a repeat customer. submitted by s. bragg customer satisfaction comment nothing; just continue the excellent service. submitted by r. marti customer satisfaction comment i was trying to figure out where to enter my coupon code when i ordered and could not figure it until i had already processed the order. that should be clearer. that would be something to cause me not to reorder with ac submitted by n. baker customer satisfaction comment great service, fast shipping to apo address. will do business again. submitted by g. alexander customer satisfaction comment overall i am very pleased with my order. submitted by e. bryson stafford customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering from ac lens for years now and have always been completely satisfied with the service. goods arrive quickly and are well packaged submitted by g. ower customer satisfaction comment over all experience was very good :) thank you! submitted by a. minnock customer satisfaction comment i am so glad i came upon your website! i have already referred a few friends! submitted by s. dupler customer satisfaction comment they company is fast and efficient. the products are great. submitted by j. haskell customer satisfaction comment great online shopping experience. best prices and quick delivery. submitted by r. gross beats costco price i have been ordering from ac lens for nearly 10 years and cannot ask for better service. customer service has always been quick to respond to my inquiries and delivery is usually within 5 days. i compared price with costco and aclens is cheaper. keep up the great work. submitted by t. pham customer satisfaction comment fast shipping and prices were so much better than 1800contacts, which is who i have been using for the last 5 years. so glad i found you guys! submitted by b. vincent customer satisfaction comment i was very impressed with how easy you guys made things. i generally dislike ordering things off the internet due usually not being able to get ahold of anyone that seems to be able to help out. i didn't even have to call you guys for anything. i've already told some people about using you. you were also over 10$ a box cheaper that 800contacts! submitted by l. vaughn customer satisfaction comment your price was the best that i found on the internet. aclens contacted my dr. quickly and i received my contacts very fast. thank you. submitted by a. mayo customer satisfaction comment this was the first time i ordered on line and w/a company with which i was not familiar. i was extremely satisfied all the way around and plan to use your services in the future. thank you. submitted by p. lediner customer satisfaction comment thank you so much for fast shpping & sevice :-) submitted by a. mozaffari customer satisfaction comment unbelievable short amount of time for receiving orders...love you guys - faxing the prescription is also very convenient... submitted by l. causo customer satisfaction comment it would be nice if you imformed customers in yhe u.k. about extra charges ( tax and handeling fee)that is charged before getting items. submitted by w. quinn customer satisfaction comment better color changing contacts i use freshlook colorblends now...the blue is great, the green not so good...barely can tell color difference...i have brown eyes submitted by a. colvin customer satisfaction comment overall the experience was great. i was ordering for my wife and ended up using the (-) instead of the (+) because my prescription is (-). the error was caught by the csr''s and brought to my attention for correction. they also contacted the doctor to verify the prescription before contacting me. e-mail order status was also helpful. submitted by c. ioakim less that a week i ordered my perscription swimming goggles friday afternoon and got them on the next monday! easy to put together. then i went swimming. i can see underwater! i'm just a pool swimmer, but they worked very well for me. i was worried about the fit. they're just fine on me. p.s. i was encouraged by your better business bureau rating of a+. submitted by anonymous swimming goggles i highly recommend doing business with ac lens. i purchased swimming goggles for my 9 yr son, and i used some goof off to get the sticker glue off and i ruined the lenses, that we couldn't use the goggles. i called ac lens and they sent me another pair, with a return label. they didn't have to do that, but they did. they have my business for life. i highly recommend doing business with them and i have told other people about them. this was my son's first pair of prescription goggles and they made such a huge difference. he had so much fun swimming in the ocean looking for sea shells. the whole time saying i can see the sand at the bottom. seeing his smile is priceless. thank you ac lens. you guys rock! submitted by lisa puts my faith back into customer service! i was a little worried about ordering my first time with ac lens. you never know what you are getting into. but the prices helped me get over my fear. i was thrilled to get an instant email stating that they received my order soon followed by another email stating that my lenses were in stock and ready to ship. the next day the third email came stating that they were on their way! i received both original sealed boxes and a small case as an extra bonus. it is a wonderful experience when everything is as it should be these days. ac lens, thank you and you have a customer for life. i will tell all my friends and co-workers about you. submitted by angela g wowed!! i recently started shopping online for my contacts...been wearing them for 15yrs and just recently found out i could order online! went with another company before i tried ac and was truly disappointed, no live operator, everything was through email, which weren't answered in 3-4 days...terrible!! so i went shopping again hesitantly...found ac tried them and loved them!! i will never shop anywhere else..shipping was super fast..kept me aware of the progress the whole time, truly satisfied...thank you for your excellent customer service! submitted by michelle won't shop anywhere else!!! submitted by anonymous service! i found this site after being unimpressed with the 1-800-contacts site prices. ac lens is great! their prices are better than my doctor, 1-800-contacts, and any other place i've seen unless you're buying in insane bulk. i needed my contacts fast, so i sprang for the expedited shipping. i've done this with other sites and then waited 4-7 days while kicking myself for having paid extra, but right after i had my prescription faxed in, my order had shipped! two days, later, my order was at my door. in addition, i must say i appreciate the tone of this site & their emails. it's apparent that this business is grateful for its customers, and that's the kind of business i want to support. submitted by hilary exceeded my expectations i searched the web for an affordable, quality pair of prescription strength swimming goggles. i also needed them in two weeks. i found aclens, and was pleased with the price, but amazed at the fast shipping... under 5 business days. will do business with aclens again. submitted by david customer service was excellent i tried to order from ac lens twice - both times there was a problem with my order, no fault of the company, and they called me the very next day to clear it up and get my order processed. seeing that you never really know when you order on-line, it was a pleasant suprise. i picked them to try because they weren't the "largest" or the "cheapest advertised price" (read added fees), so i thought may be reputable. i live in an adjacent state, so the shipment came quickly. submitted by jill i switched over this is the first time i had ever heard of ac lens and decided try it out. i'm so glad i did. i used to buy my contacts through that website that is advertised all over the place. yeah, you know which one i'm talking about. i did a price comparison and saved almost $60 dollars by switching over to ac lens. and the speed of delivery was amazing. my order shipped out on the 2nd of march and arrived today, march 4th. i am completely satisfied with ac lens' customer service. submitted by yuliana excellent service yet again!! i placed an order with ac lens and was quite prepared to wait 10 -14 days for international priority mail to new zealand, to deliver my order. to my surprise, when i opened my letterbox this morning, there was my order, - six days later! yet again i am impressed with the expedient service. well done ac lens! submitted by deb very satisfied i have to say i used another supplier in the past and your service and price was far better! very fast and accurate. thank you and i will tell my friends! submitted by k clark surpassed my expectations! i am going to be faithful to this company, because they did right by me. both times, i received my lenses fast, and the orders were accurate. the price was even lower than another popular internet lens retailer, who i shall not name. i am very pleased with ac lens! submitted by anonymous customer service is tops i was a little leery about ordering my contacts from an online vendor, but with the great prices that were $10.00 a box cheaper than what my eye doctor charges i couldn't pass it up. my doctor gave me 2 different prescriptions for coloured contacts (i was trying on the demo pairs and then i was going to decide which brand i wanted), well leave it to me to order the wrong ones. well i emailed them and asked them to cancel the order. unfortunately they already went out but when i called and emailed customer service the people i spoke to couldn't be nicer they told me what to do and just reject the first order when fedex came to my door and they would credit me when they received them. the service is super fast!!! i used expedited service which i believe is 3-5 days they came in2 2!!! i am certainly ordering from them again! submitted by liz the best service i've had....anywhere my first experience with ac lens started off roughly. a few days after my first order, online tracking had informed me that my shipment of contacts was delivered. perhaps a neighborhood dog ran off with it or it was delivered to the wrong address, but the package was nowhere to be found. i frantically called the shipping company who was less than helpful. then, i proceeded to call ac lens. after a simple explanation of my dilemma, the customer service representative apologized for the inconvenience and rushed a new order for me. no hassle whatsoever. the order arrived promptly and successfully the second time. i just placed my second order with ac lens two days ago, half expecting that the great service the first time was a fluke. i have already received my contacts. furthermore, the prices here are consistently low. literally, the best shopping experience and customer service i have ever had, anywhere. thanks ac lens! submitted by sarah c this is what i call great service and fast! i am fairly new to contact lens wear and have already ordered from two other on line services for contact lenses and my early experiences left me believing one better order in plenty of time like at least two weeks minimum before one can expect to receive the lenses. i thought maybe one had to expect slow service if the shipping was free but imagine my surprise when i placed my order monday night and here it was wednesday about noon and my lenses are here already! no need to pay the much higher doctors office fee to receive them in one or two days! i am very pleased and will use ac lens for all my future eye care and contact lens needs. submitted by aj i recently ordered some contact lenses from you (former lens.com user) that i needed right away. you were the only site i found that not only had the lenses in stock, but you had the lowest price! your sales people were professional and personable, little or no waiting, and i was treated as if i was your only customer. i got my lenses as promised! thanks! <br><br> now i received an email keeping me up to date in the status of when my lenses will ship! that's what i call customer service! <br><br> i've been recommending you to all of my optically challenged friends,and an especially a skeptical friend has already given you a try. needless to say he was very pleased with your service ("it was easier, less expensive, and i got my lenses faster than going to my eye doctor!) <br><br> i got to say, "i told you so!" thanks! submitted by jimmy i just wanted to let you know that i think you run a fantastic company. i've been ordering my contacts from you for years and, besides offering great prices, reordering is easy and fast, and your customer support is truly amazing. everyone i've dealt with through the years goes above and beyond to ensure that i'm satisfied. i've never had even a neutral experience with you - they are always been positive. submitted by shanna aclens is awesome! i love this place! great prices! great service! submitted by anonymous i wanted to let you know how thrilled i am with the aclens customer service and with the contact lenses that i received yesterday. the communication throughout the entire ordering process was wonderful, and the notifications about shipping were extremely accurate. i couldn't be happier and wanted to let you know. submitted by janet you are fantastic! is there someone i can speak with and/or email to "sing your praises?" i cannot thatnk you enough for doing this! i am currently on hold to place the order, so hopefully this wil all go through today! thanks again. i owe you one -- big time! great service and easy to order and follow through is great. submitted by joan i was leaving on a surf trip and needed contact lens fast. they arrived in plenty of time. thanks ! submitted by brad if you will always provide me with the same service, it's just super buying from you. submitted by jeff thank you for all your advice! you have been the best customer service assistant in any company that i have ever had contact with... submitted by agnes keep up the good work, and customer satisfaction. good job. submitted by donald was very impressed, much more than with 1800contacts, who were very disappointing. submitted by kara i work for a major online catalog company, and see many great aspects on this site as we have available at work, i would (and have) recommended this site to many of my friends! keep up the good work! wouldn't change a thing. submitted by courtney customer service comment just wanted to drop a note to tell you how great i think it is that with literally two clicks i was able to reorder contact lenses and for a great price. what a time and hassle saver. i was not ready to reorder when your email first came through, but i saved it and the links were still live 4 months later. you have a good thing going and i just wanted to say that i appreciate the way you do business. submitted by matt if you are having any unexplained eye discomfort, watering, vision change or redness, remove your lenses immediately and consult your eye care professional before wearing your lenses again. all information, articles, photos, images, logos, and content copyright ac lens 1996 - 2010. customer service ordering contact lenses reordering faq privacy help shipping info order tracking returns corporate info about ac lens contact ac lens press center affiliate program find products sitemap lens catalog accessories glasses reading glasses sunglasses community contact lens blog ac lens on facebook ac lens on twitter ac lens on myspace contact lens forums contact lens coupons contact lens health testimonials