来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228230555/http://www.aclens.com/testimonials.asp
================================================================================

ac lens contact lenses - customer testimonials! we accept: order toll free 1-888-248-lens (5367) shopping cart login order tracking shipping info help faq eyecare accessories reading glasses sunglasses contact lenses search: select your contact lenses: contact lens list acuvue acuvue 1-day acuvue 1-day moist acuvue 1-day trueye acuvue 2 acuvue 2 colours enhancers acuvue 2 colours opaques acuvue advance acuvue advance for astigmatism acuvue advance plus acuvue bifocal acuvue oasys acuvue oasys for astigmatism acuvue oasys for presbyopia air optix aqua air optix for astigmatism air optix multifocal air optix night & day avaira biofinity biofinity toric biofinity multifocal biomedics 38 biomedics 55 biomedics ep biomedics 1-day biomedics premier biomedics toric biomedics xc boston lenses clearsight 1-day clearsight 1-day toric clear view cooper toric dailies aquacomfort plus encore expressions extreme h2o fluorex lenses fluoroperm lenses focus dailies focus dailies progressives focus dailies toric focus monthly focus monthly softcolors focus weekly softcolors focus night & day frequency 38 frequency 55 frequency 55 aspheric frequency 55 multifocal frequency 55 toric frequency 55 toric xr freshlook colors freshlook colors one day freshlook colorblends freshlook colorblends toric freshlook dimensions freshlook toric freshlook visitint hydrasoft lenses night & day optima 38 lenses optima fw optima toric optimum classic optimum comfort optimum extra optimum extreme o2-optix paragon paraperm lenses polycon ii preference lenses proclear lenses purevision lenses rigid gas perm (rgp) lenses sgp lenses soflens 38 soflens 66 toric soflens daily disposable soflens multifocal softcon ew transaire ultraflex 38 ultraflex 55 vertex shop with confidence contact lens brands acuvue air optix bausch & lomb biofinity biomedics boston ciba vision dailies focus frequency freshlook proclear purevision soflens contact lens types daily disposable 1-2 week disposable 1-3 month disposable conventional (vial) toric rgp (oxygen permeable) colored and tinted bifocal special effects lens manufacturers bausch & lomb ciba vision cooper vision johnson & johnson (vistakon) lens & eye care products contact lens cases eyeglass accessories glasses dry & red eye treatments solutions and cleaners reading glasses sunglasses swimming goggles all accessories at ac lens, customer service is #1 we strive everyday to provide our customers with the best possible service. that means we keep you posted on backorders, let you know all of your options, and get your contact lenses to you with the smallest amount of effort possible on your part. we want you to be surprised by how well we treat you, and then we want you to come back again and expect that same superior level of quality service. don't just take our word for it, read what real customers have said after ordering contact lenses from ac lens. did you have a great experience at ac lens? tell us your story and let others know. what our customers say about ac lens customer satisfaction comment i''ve always had good experiences with ac lens. the issue this time arose when i accepted the invitation to buy when i received the renewal notice. even though my prescription had not changed, your system somehow had a prescription in its database from two or three years ago, which is the prescription that auto-populated. i had only just visited my eye doctor, who informed me that there were no changes, so i clicked on "buy" and that gave me the wrong lenses. it wasn''t a big deal because i buy two weeks in advance of when i run out, but it could have been a big deal had i been needing lenses immediately. all taht said, i''d encourage you to look at the computer system to determine where that bug exists and get it out. thanks! submitted by billy customer satisfaction comment excellent service! the pricing was competitive and the order was processed within hours and shipped asap. i really liked the timely manner of my order. best online service. submitted by david customer satisfaction comment i dont see why you have to contact my dr. i''m a big girl, i can read a few letters and numbers on a box. in this economy people are dropping their insurance, but still need to see. submitted by jessica customer satisfaction comment tracking is not available for an international order. despite this i''m really satisfied with the seller. submitted by dmitry customer satisfaction comment just as mentioned before ,please let me know if there are offers ,discounts ,free shipping. thank you so much sinan submitted by sinan customer satisfaction comment customer service was great! submitted by debra customer satisfaction comment order processed quickly. good communications in that i was kept informed of order progress at relevant times. items matched ordered goods. great service. submitted by annette customer satisfaction comment great site with great prices! will definitely order from ac lens again! submitted by sharon customer satisfaction comment ordering from ac lens is very easy, convenient and cheaper then purchasing lenses from my eye doctor. the extra discount codes made it cheaper on top of the low prices. submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment very easy site to use - 4 family users - would be great if discount offered for family member use submitted by troy customer satisfaction comment great company, great prices, great selection, great service! submitted by richard customer satisfaction comment the price on the contacts was lower thru your company than the company i usually use. the free shipping and $5 off next order were bonuses on top of that! submitted by sharon customer satisfaction comment i would highly recommend (and have) ac lens to friends and family. customer service is great as are the prices. submitted by shannon customer satisfaction comment ac lens is on the ball, can''t believe how fast they ship :) submitted by amanda customer satisfaction comment you guys did a ok job. submitted by christopher customer satisfaction comment i''ve been ordering from you for something like 7 years now. you''ve consistently had great prices, fast processing and great customer service. your people are very responsive. i don''t even think about shopping anywhere else. submitted by rishi customer satisfaction comment ac lens is great! when i was ordering from 1-800-contacts, first of all it cost more, but also i was getting more damaged or missing lenses in the cases. i have not had any trouble with ordering from ac lens! thanks for being so dependable! submitted by jill customer satisfaction comment very glad to have business with ac lens. fast shipping, a wide choice of products, good price. submitted by mariia customer satisfaction comment although it is legally a part of the united states, we live in guam. some companies even forget our existance and can not choose it when entering our address. we expected late delivery and even non-delivery. but we received our products in 7 days (including the day we ordered). ac lens had our brand, fast shipping and delivery, the pricing was right, free shipping costs, everything was to our satisfaction. we have already recommended ac lens to our friends in guam and will definitely be re-ordering from ac lens in the near future. very impressed. submitted by ken customer satisfaction comment have always ordered from ac lens and have always been extremely satisfied. submitted by margaret customer satisfaction comment ac lens is great. i''ve ordered twice using your service and found the prices to be the best and shipping was excellent. keep up the great work! submitted by julie customer satisfaction comment great experience! prices more reasonable and even faster then ordering them from your own eye care specialist! submitted by kellie customer satisfaction comment everything was good! submitted by nhu customer satisfaction comment great experience. it''s all good! submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment the process was very fast and easy. i did not have my prescription and ac lens verified my prescription with my doctor within the same day as my order. i had my contacts in hand within 5 days! thank you! submitted by rachel customer satisfaction comment always great customer service! submitted by kimberlyn customer satisfaction comment loyalty coupons would be great submitted by eileen customer satisfaction comment i got my contacts at an incredible price and incredibly fast! i ordered on a friday afternoon and received them monday! i accidently ordered the wrong brand and called to make the correction with no problems. i also faxed my insurance claim form that needed to be completed by acl and received it back in a very timely manner. the customer service rep i spoke to was very friendly and helpful. submitted by lindsay customer satisfaction comment i have no complaints and plan to re-order in the future. submitted by shirley customer satisfaction comment you need a simpler method to insert the prescription at the same time of the purchase. - claudia. submitted by claudia customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased and have no suggestions at this time, your staff is exceptional............and so is their follow thru...... submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment love you guys! i only wish i could have used my coupons with my order, but because the contacts had a ''sale'' price i couldn''t use them...boo hoo submitted by lupe customer satisfaction comment speedy service, first class product and no problems. submitted by larry customer satisfaction comment i was told about ac lens by a friend and i would refer ac lens to anyone that wears contacts. i think your customer service is excellent and i receive my orders in a very timely manner. i was actually surprised this with last order when i checked the mail and there was my order. submitted by peggy customer satisfaction comment i love ac lens!! you guys always have the best prices and are always running special deals and promotions that are easy and hassle free! even if another place says that they will price match your products, i prefer to go through ac lens because your customer service is the best and you ship my order immediately and it arrives extremely fast! i can''t express how great it is to work with ac lens. thank you!! submitted by stephanie customer satisfaction comment what would have improved my order would be if it came with a bottle of cleaning/disinfecting solution.i was however impressed with the availibility and cost of the lens. the delivery was also satisfactory. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment excellent service!! submitted by richard customer satisfaction comment i hoped that i needed to get two cassettes for the lenses, but i got only one, because i ordered 12 lenses. the another my suggestion about shipping cost is that should be some scale in regard to the ordered quantity and shipping cost. submitted by julijana customer satisfaction comment excellent,transparent service from start to finish submitted by keith customer satisfaction comment my first order was in error. i used wrong info for order. (- instead of +)this was discovered when you contacted dr for scrip info. when you informed me i corrected the order and shipment was made immediately. thank you. submitted by dorothy customer satisfaction comment i was very pleased with customer service. i stated my problem and they immediately corrected the error without a hassle. also, i was immediately connected to a real person. i had a similar situation with another company, a glasses/lens company, and the wait was long and when i spoke to customer service they could not provide an answer and told me i had to email my question to the website to correct their error it took a week. submitted by danielle customer satisfaction comment thank you for such prompt, painless, wonderful service. you make purchasing contacts easy breezy and this busy lady can''t thank you enough! thanks again!! submitted by lindsay customer satisfaction comment faster responses to mail. submitted by aleksandr customer satisfaction comment i have used many contact lens sites, and aclens.com happens to be the best!!! not only do they offer competitive prices, they also offer fast shipping. on other sites, even if i sent in my prescription by email, i would have to wait almost a week before they shipped it out. aclens shipped my order out the same day that i ordered. i am very satisfied with them, and will continue to use them in the future! submitted by creontia customer satisfaction comment i am very impressed with the quality of these lens. normally i order them from my eye doctor. because i was going through them so fast i decided to browse the net. i came across ac lens and, impressed with what i read about them, i placed an order and so far, so great because the lens i received from them seem to be of a better quality. i am very very impressed! submitted by shirley customer satisfaction comment speed and service can''t be beat, thank you! submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment ive been an aclens customer for years and am always satisfied with everything. hands down, the best way to order contacts submitted by peter customer satisfaction comment the only recommendation i have is for your customer service reps to wait 10-15 minutes before calling someone to ask for their prescription. i knew what to do, and had to place the order so that i could include the order number on the fax/e-mail. i got up immediately after ordering to scan that info in and noticed missed calls when i got back. this is really nitpicky that i''m complaining about good customer service, but i felt a little hounded. thanks for the quick service! submitted by amanda customer satisfaction comment i was very pleased at how quickly the lenses arrived, especially as i live in london. excellent. submitted by sunita customer satisfaction comment i recommend aclens to all my friends. submitted by paul customer satisfaction comment bigger and more frequent discounts for long-time customers like myself. submitted by james customer satisfaction comment the least expensive i found anywhere online, and i received them quickly! thank you! submitted by sarah customer satisfaction comment cant improve on a perfect service,just keep it up.:) submitted by ray customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfy with my purchase experience using ac lens on-line. submitted by robert jr customer satisfaction comment great communication, kept me informed via email every step of the way. received my order quicker than expected. submitted by jennifer customer satisfaction comment i placed my order late on a friday afternoon, and i received the lenses on tuesday! if you do not count the weekend, this is only two days. submitted by james customer satisfaction comment each time i have ordered have received my contact rightaway and have been very pleased submitted by jo customer satisfaction comment keep costs on products and shipping low, and you will have my business forever. submitted by edward customer satisfaction comment excellent service, i am very happy, i have recommended to friends and family. submitted by bonnie customer satisfaction comment have ordered from you several times.. always excellent service. thank you. submitted by nancy customer satisfaction comment satisfied how fast i got email response and how these was more than pleasant conversation. -satisfied with fast shipping and coupons discount. thanks submitted by sandra customer satisfaction comment i loved! i always will buy again! submitted by leandro customer satisfaction comment i loved everything! submitted by nataliya customer satisfaction comment excellent service and after sale concern of my order and delivery. the number of days to receive my order in canada is no doubt our delay through customs and no fault of yours. those ordering in canada should allow at least 3 weeks. submitted by ken customer satisfaction comment i presumed my order would come from germayn as it had done before and was very annoyed that i had to pay a further 29 as it came from usa. submitted by margaret customer satisfaction comment i''m very pleased with the product and timely delivery. thank you!! submitted by kennady customer satisfaction comment great prices. quick (very quick) and accurate delivery, even the two times i have had lenses delivered away from home. my ophthalmologist cannot compete with your prices. your service is great. and i love the discounts. i have ac lens for two years and have no plans to change. submitted by katharine customer satisfaction comment ordering my contacts couldn''t have been any easier!! great prices, fast delivery! very pleased with the service i received. will be back again!! thank you! submitted by janeen customer satisfaction comment besides the availability of my brand, i also look at price. i have a verrrry limited income. submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment very pleased with the price and the shipping time. submitted by katherine customer satisfaction comment this was our first experience with ordering contacts online and we were extremely satisfied. we won't hesitate doing it in the future. dianne kaiser-letsch submitted by dianne customer satisfaction comment fantastic service!!! i will continue to use it and i will recommend it. submitted by silvia customer satisfaction comment i had a wonderful experience. it was easy to order online. i also saved about $80 from ordering at the eye doctors office. i will definately use your service. submitted by veronica customer satisfaction comment you should be faster and more clear regarding the expenses! submitted by ornella customer satisfaction comment i can only order from a company that carries my brand - biofinity toric. but among companies that carry that lens, price and customer service are the two crucial factors. i would pay a e.g. 10% more if i know that i will be working with a good company with good customer service. submitted by erik customer satisfaction comment why didn''t i know about aclens earlier? prices are phenomenal, it''s easy and quick to order, and customer service is phenomenal. the order was processed and shipped extremely fast. the very same day i received my package i started recommended aclens to friends and coworkers. submitted by maria customer satisfaction comment excellent prices with fast shipping! submitted by wesley customer satisfaction comment i wish shipping costs were better. submitted by margaret customer satisfaction comment easy to reorder, quick service, always in stock, good price! what more could i want? submitted by maryann customer satisfaction comment thanks so much for the quick delivery ..i ordered one set from walmart and it took over 3 weeks ! ..your order got to me in less than a week submitted by al customer satisfaction comment i contact another company before and they did not take care my order i needed to call them many time with a lot of trouble and i ending canceling my order . i contact ac lens and they placed my order without any problem and my lenses arrived on time. submitted by lucia customer satisfaction comment i have changed address but i have been buying my lenses from you and recommended friends for about 5 years or more now submitted by edna customer satisfaction comment awesome....quick.........no problems..........loved it...thanks submitted by kimberlee customer satisfaction comment great prices & easy to reorder !! submitted by jeannine customer satisfaction comment i am not sure i am confident enough to order again. even though the prices were wonderful- a deciding factor- not knowing the status of my order or getting accurate, complete, and timely feedback leaves me willing to pay more for confidence. submitted by tom customer satisfaction comment price was good also. submitted by edward customer satisfaction comment i have used your website to order contacts two times now. it was a very easy process and i received the lenses very quickly. the price was a little less the second time so i am hoping my lenses will continue to get less expensive as times goes on. i will continue to use ac lense as long as the price is competitive. submitted by sue ann customer satisfaction comment ordered my lenses on a saturday morning and they were delivered by tuesday. i saved over $40 compared to my dr. office. you guys are great! submitted by christopher customer satisfaction comment there was a substantial savings. couldn''t beat it any where else. great service and timely shipment. thank you. submitted by joseph customer satisfaction comment all good with the service and the products. submitted by jean customer satisfaction comment great service!! received when expected, better than ordering them from your doctor, cheaper and delivered to your door!! submitted by ebony customer satisfaction comment best online service i have ever bought from. quick service, delivery and accuracy all deserve 10 for excellent. submitted by elva customer satisfaction comment very fast, great prices, great service! submitted by vickie customer satisfaction comment very satisfied with ac lens. submitted by john customer satisfaction comment good, prompt service. fair/reasonable shipping times and costs, easy to use/navigate website. submitted by steve customer satisfaction comment great service, great price! thanks ac lens. submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment the process was simple and we had the contacts within a few days of placing the order. we will order again from ac lens. submitted by whitney customer satisfaction comment i love to buy my lens from ac lens because you are a market america partner store! submitted by joanne customer satisfaction comment very satisfied submitted by allen customer satisfaction comment keep up the good work and your customer service is great. submitted by t. divison customer satisfaction comment i would like the opportunity to buy (or get as a free sample together with large orders :-) a single lens of other brand/power for testing purposes. b.r. henrik bendsen ..,a happy overseas customer for decades! submitted by h. bendsen customer satisfaction comment perfect! not sure how you do it. the prices are better than sams club and that is all i care about! submitted by t. janiga customer satisfaction comment thank you for your service and your product. submitted by t. sanzenbacher customer satisfaction comment i received my lenses very fast!! thank you, good job. maybe just one suggestion : the packet with lenses wasn't closed very well so everyone could have taken them from it!! fortunately all lenses were inside but package could be closed better for the security (the neighbors etc). thank you. submitted by v. honzikova customer satisfaction comment great service, very easy to order on line, wonderful prices, quick turn around time in getting them shipped. thank you so much. submitted by k. anderson customer satisfaction comment your staff kept me well informed of some issues that came up during the ordering process. they quickly resolved the issues to my complete satisfaction. submitted by a. skaar customer satisfaction comment i enjoy the cost and the fast delivery ac lens has to offer. submitted by r. christie customer satisfaction comment great communication throughout transaction, easy process with rx and fast - great overall. thanks and i'll be back! submitted by a. trenaman customer satisfaction comment ac lens provides a great service, the best price, and friendly reminders to reorder! submitted by j. zimmerman excellent experience ordered my contacts on saturday at 11:40am. received notification my order had shipped at 3:20pm same day. received my contacts in monday's mail! love that instant gratification! i will definitely reorder and recommend! submitted by michelle k customer satisfaction comment price, shipping cost, speed of delivery are all vital components of a re-order. also, i think multiple repeat orders should generate price break every so often. many thanks. submitted by c. coston customer satisfaction comment great prices and fast shipping. got my order is 3-4 days. submitted by e. mei never buy from anywhere else!! i bought my son a pair of prescription goggles from ac lens and when his prescription changed, i switched to swim outlet, due to the price. boy, was i sorry. the second pair broke within one week, the quality was inferior to ac lens and i had the most difficult time attaching the nose-piece. in fact, i went through 3 of them. i finally gave up. it wasn't worth my time. i went back today to order from ac lens--the exact first pair i got my son. my son thanked me for getting him the pair that he wanted. believe me, the pair from swim outlet was $7.95 versus $29 from ac lens, and i will continue to shop with ac lens. submitted by always a loyal customer great service & great staff. they work with you & whatever problems that occur! thanks guys! submitted by k. a. customer satisfaction comment ac lens is affordable and speedy. i always receive my contacts within a 3-4 days of ordering. submitted by j. martinez customer satisfaction comment ordering from you was fast and easy, and was far cheaper than buying my lenses direct from the optometrist, and about $4 cheaper per box than the company my dr. recommended i order from. i will order gain from you all for sure! submitted by d. privitera customer satisfaction comment your customer service was excellent, and my order came faster than i anticipated. well done! submitted by r. leifur customer satisfaction comment have ordered from ac lens for several years. have always been extremely satisfied with service, attention to details, customer relations and speed of delivery. prices seem fair. submitted by c. sevelowitz customer satisfaction comment the overall shopping experience was good and the turn around time even better if i didn''t have so many problems trying to fax my prescription to you.i was however dissatisfied with my purchase of the contact lens travel bag..as soon as i pulled the zipper...it fell apart(the zipper that is,not he bag) and i cant send it back because i am living in a different country and the shipping charges to return this defective product would be more to me rather than just trying to get it fixed myself.anyways i will definetly order again and i always recommed others to this site.great overall experience despite few shortcomings here and there! submitted by j. stewart customer satisfaction comment unsure as to exactly how many days it took to receive my order, but i think it was 3 or 4 days. regardless, i received my order earlier than i expected. i have already recommended ac lens to two people and shared the ac lens facebook page on my fb profile. i am already thinking of placing another order and getting colored lenses this time! i am extremely pleased with the availability, pricing and selection that ac lens has, not to mention the expedient service! submitted by s. spies customer satisfaction comment please let me know first while placing order the need for the prescription submitted by k. wright customer satisfaction comment everything worked extremely well and i was able to make my selection on the site. when i called 2 different reps...they were both very friendly / helpful. submitted by h. jeff customer satisfaction comment everything was great except it took forever for the contact lenses to arrive in the mail. submitted by a. king customer satisfaction comment i am glad that i found you all on the internet. i really like your contacts. thank you submitted by j. mcgeorge customer satisfaction comment it was great - people were very professional and responsible, and my order was sent priority mail so arrived very quickly! submitted by s. drago customer satisfaction comment the entire process of doing business with ac lens has been excellent. submitted by d. becker customer satisfaction comment the best place i have ever bought lenses! submitted by n. poldrugac customer satisfaction comment thank you for supporting those of us overseas with an apo address. submitted by a. smisek customer satisfaction comment let people know upfront the total due or at least let them know about additional changes submitted by r. perris customer satisfaction comment excellent!very happy. submitted by k. la rowe customer satisfaction comment i appreciate the notification to reorder submitted by s. brooks customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering contact lens from ac lens for almost ten years. i actually first tried with 1-800-contacts, and there were some issues with them that i gave ac lens a try. and i''ve never looked back! ac lens has a great staff that always resolved any problem i might have with lightning fast speed. i have actually recommended ac lens to any of my friends who was considering purchasing contact lens online. i would say ac lens is my favorite online retailer of any merchandise. submitted by y. hsin customer satisfaction comment i received outstanding service and fast delivery. i will definitely reorder from you. submitted by c. emond customer satisfaction comment the re-ordering process was a lot more complex this time--asking qs about my family doctor etc --it also appeared that i had to re-enter all my details into the required fields again whereas in teh past these popped up already-that''s my moan--overall experience is very good. submitted by p. gillen customer satisfaction comment while pricing is very important, given it''s the same product from any retailer, service and shipping costs are also an important consideration for me. you consistenly beat the competition on price, your service is excellent, and your shipping is free for a year''s supply. i had to call for my daughter''s order and a very helpful person assisted me. i think you have cracked the code on customer service along with atractive pricing. not many companies can match that. keep up the great work!! submitted by w. taninbaum customer satisfaction comment i have an astigmatism which makes my contacts more expensive and other places had to order them. i was pleased that ac lens had them without special ordering and their price was more reasonable then other places. there turn around was ok as well, i got them in a week or so. submitted by m. evanoff customer satisfaction comment a little bump in the customer service when i inquired about an offered discount, but over all i was very happy with the company and service as i have been in the past. submitted by e. martin customer satisfaction comment this was my first time ordering contacts online, and i am so glad that it was a great experience! ac lens'' web site was easy to use and easy to order. i will definitely use them again for future contacts! submitted by t. catlin customer satisfaction comment thanks for being a great company and service provider. submitted by e. luttrell customer satisfaction comment i was really satisfied with my experience with ac lens. they did a great job and my contacts shipped very quickly, so that was even better. i plan to order from ac lens again. submitted by j. musil customer satisfaction comment even though there were some problems getting my prescription information, ac lens diligently worked with me and the doctors office to get everything resolved. thank you for the excellent service! submitted by d. ried customer satisfaction comment i''m very impressed with the quick and no-hassle process of placing my order. i like you tracking system. thank you for shipping to an apo address. submitted by l. portillo-ramos customer satisfaction comment make your prices the cheapest around, they will come.... submitted by e. joubert customer satisfaction comment easy, fast, effecient. thanks! submitted by m. foster customer satisfaction comment order arrived super fast :) submitted by k. mckeowen customer satisfaction comment great service, got my lenses just days after ordering. keep up the good work. will order again in the future and hoping for the same great service. submitted by s. nagy customer satisfaction comment i was surprised at how quickly they contacted my optometrist to confirm my prescription. i live overseas so i was surprised at how fast they got here. submitted by c. barnett customer satisfaction comment it was an excellent transaction. thank you very much. submitted by l. melton customer satisfaction comment decided to order online partly for price reasons and mainly because contacts ordered from optometrist the last 2 times took an inordinate amount of time to be delivered. so much so that i had to mail them myself to my college son. very happy w/ac lens. submitted by p. kilkenny customer satisfaction comment my account has 2 people with 2 prescriptions on it but your personnel who fill the orders seemed to have a problem because the account was in one name and i was only ordering for one of the two people whose prescriptions are on the account. this caused a delay in processing. i''m not quite sure why they couldn''t see both prescriptions on the account. both prescriptions were from the same doctor. it just seems like it shouldn''t have been that hard to figure out. submitted by h. clapp customer satisfaction comment i always recieve my order on time from ac lens and they keep me up to date about my order and the status of the order!!! best contact retailer ever!!!! i will keep using ac lens as long as the service and prices stay the same!!! submitted by a. green customer satisfaction comment i recommend ac lens to anyone who is looking for contacts at an affordable price. the convenience of ordering and having them delivered to my home is another big plus.i highly recommend ac lens! submitted by p. gagnon customer satisfaction comment service was faster than i expected. very efficient. use my comments, not my name submitted by m. judge customer satisfaction comment very good service submitted by t. owens customer satisfaction comment great service and prices! thanks! submitted by m. cetti customer satisfaction comment this was my first time purchasing prescription contacts online and i am very satisfied with my process through the purchasing of my lens on ac lens. thank you! definitely will order more lens here in the future. submitted by j. pham customer satisfaction comment deliver on time if i paid for delivery!! where do i enter my discount code??? see that''s what i''m talking about!! svsav1 submitted by l. dykes customer satisfaction comment i got the site from 39dollarglasses.com and i am very happy with the order. it was so easy to chooses the lenses, upload the prescription then place the order, it all took less than 10 minutes! thank you so much for providing an excellent product and excellent service!!! submitted by j. moro customer satisfaction comment clean service and good prices -- glad i searched you out. submitted by a. chase customer satisfaction comment clean service and good prices -- glad i searched you out. submitted by a. chase customer satisfaction comment i am pleased with my lens but not too happy about the extra 18.00 which i had to pay to get the package out of the post office submitted by l. mulholland customer satisfaction comment excellent service. quick delivery and competitive pricing. submitted by a. soto customer satisfaction comment you did a great job for me and thanks. submitted by j. steinback customer satisfaction comment very good submitted by h. horton customer satisfaction comment i appreciate that my order was processed and shipped quickly. i also appreciate communication when the order is shipped so that i know to watch for it. thank you submitted by t. palmer customer satisfaction comment yery impressed with the speed and accuracy of placing this order. also happy with the price. submitted by k. dowling customer satisfaction comment have always recieved very prompt and reliable service from you submitted by g. stevens customer satisfaction comment aclens was outstanding the turn around time from the moment i ordered was incredible. i am very satisfied w/both of my oreders and will definitely be doing all my contact ordering from this website. i have already told all my family and friends about aclens. in my opinion you guys are awesome!!!!!!!! submitted by y. ortiz customer satisfaction comment great experience. confirmation that it was shipped within hours of ordering and received 2 days after ordering. great experience. thank you. submitted by t. vanden heuvel customer satisfaction comment the delay in delivery was a postal strike...not your problem..when i emailed customer service ,i got an immediate response and a willing to replace the order if it has not come in a few more days...much appreciated..thanks submitted by s. finkelstein customer satisfaction comment i always ordered lens more than one box but i alway get only a case per order. i think aclens should give me case as many as boxes i order. but good price for freshlook lens and also ability shipping. submitted by z. siripongsanuwat customer satisfaction comment my purchase was quick, easy and delivered in a timely manner. thanks for your help!! sherry submitted by s. gamblin customer satisfaction comment discounts, coupons, and free shipping are all factors for choosing a contact lens supplier. aclens has repeatedly won my business because they meet those criteria and exceed my expectations with super fast delivery and the inclusion of a free contact lens case upon request. i greatly appreciate you all! thank you. submitted by l. scalzo customer satisfaction comment very satisfied with the price (twice cheaper than at my doctor''s) and super fast free shipment. submitted by t. danusevska customer satisfaction comment im very happy,with the experience at ac lenses. this is my first time on life ordering lenses thru internet ,i will keep it !!! thanks,ac lenses. i will keep on touch!! submitted by v. paz customer satisfaction comment my initial order experience was a good one. ac customer service continually kept me advised of order status, any roadblocks encountered,and offered options for completion of order. very safisfied with initial order. plan to place next order in approximately five (5) months. submitted by t. mattingly customer satisfaction comment great experience. i will definately make future orders. submitted by m. gattrell customer satisfaction comment this is the easiest, best, and most cost effective way of ordering lenses! thank you!!! jan submitted by j. carr customer satisfaction comment no problems ---fully satisfied submitted by l. timms customer satisfaction comment exelent product,price and professional shipping and handling submitted by x. zulbeari customer satisfaction comment i think you must find more quickly and cheaper delivering method for us. normally i pay postal fee almost one lens cost. submitted by f. karahan customer satisfaction comment even though i''d like to say i''m a loyal customer regardless of price, i can''t. i compile a list of "legit" choices, then i search for coupon codes. the cheapest wins. so far, all the contact lens places have done a great job. i wonder if there are all fulfilled from the same place? submitted by a. chen customer satisfaction comment haven''t tried the contacts yet. still using my last pair from last prescription.i didn''t have any problems ordering, they were very helpful with my prescription and details about price. all went well! thank you. submitted by z. weatherhead customer satisfaction comment i was not able to reach a representative for service nor was i able to put in the discount code on the system. submitted by d. ford customer satisfaction comment your website was the only one that offered a rebate on my contacts...i even cancelled my order from a company that i had used last year. thank you!!! submitted by j. haas customer satisfaction comment i couldn''t have asked for more prompt service and immediate responses to my questions. they were above and beyond my expectations, and pricing was also good. like i mentioned, i just wish they carried a little larger size. but i am so impressed by their immediate responses to my questions and extremely fast service. i received lenses faster than they said would be delievered. great job, and extremely courteous. submitted by j. sitterlet amazing prices, quick service this is my second year using aclens and i will never use another contact lens carrier. they beat out any other prices both online and in store. i ordered my contact lenses on a friday afternoon and got the free standard shipping and received my lenses on monday afternoon! i was so pleased with the great customer service and the quickness my order was processed. submitted by jennifer m. customer satisfaction comment very satisfied with your team. however, i would like to see a somewhat less bulky packaging when delivering the contacts. perhaps a padded envelope would do for the 4 boxes of lenses i usually purchase. thanks. submitted by r. roy customer satisfaction comment aclens has outsranding service and you receive your lenses in a timely manner. only one suggestion i would make is that i wish they carried more selections of parameters for their lenses. i seem to have rare parameters and i can''t find the exact match to my prescription. submitted by m. baltikas customer satisfaction comment i got my contacts a while ago but if i recall correctly the shipping was high, it costs 4.95 usps priority so like i said if i remember correctly i paid about $15.00 for shipping, that is just to much, i ship 1 pound items all the time on ebay so i am familiar with shipping processes, (charge- correct shipping) please.. submitted by n. evans customer satisfaction comment good service submitted by s. chellapermal customer satisfaction comment not the least expensive option, but close to it. very satisfied with website, communication, shipping, etc. submitted by r. kanner customer satisfaction comment customer service emailed me immediately and i provided them with the correct phone number. the issue was resolved very quickly and my prescription was confirmed by the next day. submitted by s. miller customer satisfaction comment as a canadian customer, it will be very beneficial to know whether the rebates that are being advertised are applicable to us or not. submitted by n. sarhangpour customer satisfaction comment customer service was very helpful. the prices are very good. fast delivery time. submitted by m. jacques customer satisfaction comment you need to train your csrs to be empatheic and sensitive to customers, ewspecially when you are screwing with the customer''s money. submitted by t. deal customer satisfaction comment it will be better if there was an obvious place to add discounts or coupons as oposed to add this in the comment section. submitted by e. hanania customer satisfaction comment extremely satisfied with my order! contacts shipped out right away without any problems and at a great price! will definitely recommend to friends and family! submitted by k. majors customer satisfaction comment im satisfied. i recommend aclens to anyone that needs contact lenses. submitted by a. faria customer satisfaction comment everything was wonderful; the prices, the speed, the accuracy, the follow up. i was impressed. the only thing, that is no longer an issue, is that for that first order i had not know where to place the discount code & until i received the confirmation email i did not know if it was correctly deducted. it was correctly deducted & know i know where to place it now going forward. submitted by s. berns customer satisfaction comment i have already referred 2 friends. the prices, no shipping fees and ease of using flexible spending credit card were all factors with me being a return customer. thank you terry submitted by t. chamberlain customer satisfaction comment this was my first time ordering my contact lenses through ac lenses and it definitely won''t be the last. i really appreciate how fast your response time is and how fast the delivery was! excellent! thank you so much. submitted by j. nelson customer satisfaction comment extremely happy, wish that you guys receive optum health vision, but did not ask. submitted by g. zapata customer satisfaction comment none, you guys are doing great.............. submitted by k. weldon the best service i had a great experience with my last order. not only i always get a surprising gift with my order (a contact lens case, for example), but i also receive my order in shorter time than stated during ordering procedure. products are of the best quality and always with a long expiry date. thank you. submitted by nihad customer satisfaction comment was very happy with the way customer svc. handled my email regarding my questions. thank you submitted by r. narozny, jr. customer satisfaction comment i will definitely be buying from ac lens again! submitted by e. ueda customer satisfaction comment great experience. submitted by m. zidich customer satisfaction comment i ordered product on a holiday weekend - received it in extremely quick time. wouldn''t hesitate to order from here again. submitted by c. brunelle customer satisfaction comment we are very happy with the service we received. we have tried other companies and found that they don''t give the service or care that you do. submitted by f. gise customer satisfaction comment i''m very pleased with my experience buying at aclens. the price is great compared with brazil, even with the shipping costs, and the time to receive my order here in brazil was excellent, but must of all, as you declare a lower value outside the package, i have not been taxed by the brazilian customs. my only recommendation is that you should offer hybrid lens. definitely gonna buy again! submitted by j. ruiz customer satisfaction comment the staff needed to call me to confirm my dr''s phone #, they were extremely prompt and very nice. i greatly appreciate such service!!! submitted by k. day customer satisfaction comment some rebates on shipping fee would be apreciated submitted by p. frenkiel customer satisfaction comment input a new shipping address. however, contacts were mailed to the billing address submitted by m. sanders customer satisfaction comment prompt, pleasant service and quick delivery. all good. (you can use my testimonial, but just "bob f.", and no other info please.) submitted by r. freedman customer satisfaction comment so far, so good! i will be adding this website to my facebook and telling my friends about the excellent & quick service you provide. submitted by s. bryant customer satisfaction comment im very satisfied and will order again, i recieved the contact len''s very quickly,all had to do was get on line and reorder and it didn''t take long at all,3 minutes on line and i was all done,and in a few short day''s i had my contacts and my order was correct. thank you... submitted by s. rowe customer satisfaction comment i will continue to order from you as long as i can find a 10% off coupon such as couponcabin. thanks for great service and low price! submitted by a. lam customer satisfaction comment great service & fast shipping. no problems and great, consistent communication submitted by m. molloy customer satisfaction comment i order from you because you are a market america partner store and i received 2% cash back on my order. submitted by b. bogenschutz customer satisfaction comment your customer service / response time is awesome! i ordered lenses w/ a stronger prescription. since this represented a change, i got an email saying shipment would be delayed till you could verify the new script w/ my eye doctor....or i could fax the new script to your attn. i no longer have a fax machine, so i figured, what the heck, you''re so quick, i''ll let you do it. no down time at all.....still rec''d same day shipment! great! you guys do a great job, thank you. submitted by j. forney customer satisfaction comment nice job! submitted by j. pistrang customer satisfaction comment i only order from you as you are the best out there. submitted by c. rodriguez customer satisfaction comment good service which i have been using for several years. good that you ship internationally. good prices. reliable and fast dispatch with confirmation emails. a previous time when i had a problem with my order customer service was good. submitted by e. guni customer satisfaction comment very simple and fast! submitted by k. konesky customer satisfaction comment great service and fast! submitted by k. konesky excellent service as always i have to say that ac lens has the best and fastest delivery service i have experienced with online ordering. it never fails to get my contacts within the next business day and it's still cheaper than ordering with my eye physician. i would highly recommend them to anyone. thanks!! submitted by tracy customer satisfaction comment everything was great submitted by c. valentine customer satisfaction comment i love getting my contacts through the mail. no hopping into the car to make an extra trip to pick them up. submitted by c. brannon customer satisfaction comment great experience! would def use again. hadn''t heard of ac lens but after a bizrate search and testimonials i was sold. so glad i used ac lens! submitted by l. franke customer satisfaction comment very easy to order. good price. submitted by r. wan customer satisfaction comment the lowest price out there, shipping was quicker than i thought, and i ended up paying more than half what i would pay in norway. submitted by k. litleskare customer satisfaction comment excellent prices! exceptional service submitted by j. belmonte customer satisfaction comment i was extremely happy with ac lens - the price for a years worth of contacts were a full $50-100 less than that of your competitors. in addition, there were no problems verifying my prescription, and my contacts arrived three days after i purchased them - even though i only ordered regular shipping. my best experience yet buying contacts! submitted by j. jasinski customer satisfaction comment good price, fast service submitted by j. mainville customer satisfaction comment i had a wonderful experience! not only do you have the best prices but the customer service and delivery time are 2nd to none! submitted by c. woodward customer satisfaction comment i was definitely impressed with the fast service.i ordered my contacts thursday night and i received them monday morning! thank you! submitted by v. triana customer satisfaction comment smaller packaging would be nice. submitted by r. roy one if the best purchasing online experience i've ever had! ac lens' prices, compared to other sites, are really impressive, they came on time, but what really won me over is when i called in to track my order they were genuinely friendly and so helpful! i will definitely be using their company again! ps: the focus softcolors are very nice and subtle! my eyes are naturally a deep blue so i was a little hesitant because they're for light eyes but the evergreen look natural. i highly recommend them as well! submitted by angela customer satisfaction comment great and quick service everytime i order. thank you submitted by d. hayes customer satisfaction comment call the doctor when prescription not lisible. do not email to the customer and delay the order. submitted by j. spiliadis customer satisfaction comment thank you so much for the easy ordering processing (including listing the fax number for scripts), the price of the lenses and shipping (much lower than other competitors!!!) and the quick processing and shipping! i will definitely order from you again and refer my friends and family to you! thanks! submitted by c. baccus customer satisfaction comment i have been shopping with aclens for almost 10 years and have been very satisfied. submitted by r. ung customer satisfaction comment there is not much to add ! you do a great job, make it easy and simple to order lenses at a reasonable price, what else could you ask for ??? submitted by p. grau customer satisfaction comment extremely fast service. i can''t remember how quickly i did receive the lenses but it was much faster than i expected. submitted by l. vincze customer satisfaction comment lowest prices i could find on my contacts. i was pleasantly surprised when i opened my mailbox to find that they had arrived 1 day after i received the email that they had been shipped...that''s fast. i will definitely order from here again! submitted by m. hoel customer satisfaction comment i really appreciate that you ship to apo and quickly! thank you! submitted by c. wong customer satisfaction comment love your service. submitted by j. lambert customer satisfaction comment i refuse to order from costco any more even though they are slightly less expensive, because their customer service sucks, and it takes forever to get my lenses. i ordered from another online service last time and that took forever to get the lenses. you shipped them immediately and they were easy to order. submitted by b. skinner customer satisfaction comment fastest turnaround time on any online purchase that i''ve ever made - even with standard shipping used! i could not be more delighted with the service offered by ac lens. great prices, great website to navigate, and excellent customer service. submitted by r. rodenhiser customer satisfaction comment first time i''ve ever used this company and i am glad i chose it. changes: my contacts dried out quicker or tore in the wind & i had to use a new pair. good: awesome delivery time! great price! and amazing followup! submitted by s. bryant customer satisfaction comment ordering was easy and efficient and i was very pleased that my lenses arrived so quickly! thank you. submitted by m. jennings customer satisfaction comment love three left right stickers.simple but helpful. 1800 contacts didn''t supply this. and your prices are better submitted by j. hardy customer satisfaction comment your service has been excellent and the best prices too! submitted by d. andrews customer satisfaction comment extemely quick order processing and shipping. i went to a retail store to purchase the same contacts took over 2 1/2 weeks for them to come in and they were more expensive. thank you submitted by g. andino customer satisfaction comment i loved the reorder feature! very convenient and easy to use. submitted by s. zelanka customer satisfaction comment fast, quick and easy. submitted by a. jacabacci customer satisfaction comment my experience was very satisfying. job well done. submitted by e. rivera customer satisfaction comment please provide rebate instructions when the order is being place not after the purchase has been made. submitted by a. jones customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased with my purchase! i received today in brazil (05/02/2011), thank you. vinicius submitted by v. de almeida customer satisfaction comment i really like the email reminders that i'm going to be out of lenses soon, or that my prescription is near expiration. submitted by j. mathews customer satisfaction comment great product! fast service! excellent price! submitted by s. ristuccia customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased with my present and previous orders for contact lenses. the good prices are also welcome. submitted by p. lediner customer satisfaction comment i hadn''t heard of this company prior to this order. my eye doctor suggested i look for my lenses on your site. the lenses were far less expensive on your site, and they''re the same exact ones. i have a new favorite! thanks for a great product, great service & outstanding customer service reps! submitted by d. mccleary customer satisfaction comment i had been a regular customer of coastal contacts, but they would not give me the same price previously paid, so i searched the internet and chose you. your price was by far the best and the service was prompt and kept me informed of each step of the process. thanks. submitted by d. klunk customer satisfaction comment keep your prices low. submitted by s. hoard customer satisfaction comment very easy to do business submitted by t. moreland customer satisfaction comment i never get your coupons when i need them. you always send them at the wrong time and they''re expired by the time i reorder. your costumer service is great though. the order before last my shipment was lost in the mail and they got me another out right away thank you for your hard work. submitted by b. maratea customer satisfaction comment i absolutely loved the high level of customer service that was provided to me from my point of purchase until receipt of my order. thank you ac lens! submitted by j. sanford customer satisfaction comment great experience will definitely purchase again. submitted by s. auzenne customer satisfaction comment i am very impressed not only with the very competitive pricing but also the speed of delivery and the responsive emailing..main factor is always keep customer informed and up to date with the order progress.great job! ac lens does all that. i have recommended ac lens to quite a number of lens wearers. submitted by m. neitzel customer satisfaction comment shipping costs to eu is so high at this very moment. why? submitted by m. bidlas customer satisfaction comment it is the internet. it is easy. haven''t had to use your nasty? customer service people. submitted by j. wiecks customer satisfaction comment is very easy to order since you have all my info there and always have lenses in stock submitted by j. lemus customer satisfaction comment aclens offers contacts at a great price-they confirm my prescription quickly, effortlessly and shipped to my home with great speed:) love the service-i won''t go elsewhere! thank you! submitted by r. brooks-kinney customer satisfaction comment the service is excellent submitted by c. garzon customer satisfaction comment i would definitely recomend ac lens to anyone i know, the service i have received over the past 3/4 years has been efficient and reliable and the prices are ridiculously low submitted by a. cooper customer satisfaction comment liked the immediate response on monday after i had placed my order on the weekend that everything was already in the mail. also liked that i could place order on-line but still fax you immediately the prescription. your internet site was easy to use and gave good explanations of how things needed to be done. submitted by z. balsara customer satisfaction comment ac lens delivery of my contact lenses was exceptionally quick. thank you for the prompt delivery, as i received my lenses in 3 days. submitted by r. gjertsen jr customer satisfaction comment wonderful. this was my first order, you did everything right and i will order again. so will my family and friens submitted by k. green customer satisfaction comment very fast and easy to order! thank you! submitted by j. vandergoot customer satisfaction comment extremely happy with my choice to order from your company. good work! submitted by f. baccay customer satisfaction comment i would like to know that i was dealing with an honest company. submitted by j. johnson customer satisfaction comment the only thing i can say is that the checkout page didn''t show my free shipping discount until after i submitted my order, which made things confusing. the customer service representative assurred me that after i confirmed my order, i would see the discount, which i did. submitted by r. meyer customer satisfaction comment i live in switzerland. therefore it takes 20 days or more to receive the lenses. but as i order for a long time the lenses a long time with ac lenses i know that. we have also to pay custom duties for about chf 26.-- to the postman who brings the parcel. but in switzerland the lenses are very expensive and i am very satisfied with the price from ac lenses submitted by y. frei customer satisfaction comment good work, comrades! submitted by m. ushanov customer satisfaction comment there are definitely other factors that are important to me when ordering lenses but price is something i need to watch. your site was recommended to me by a friend and i was very happy with my order as well as speed of service. i just advised my son to order through this site and save himself close to $75 like i did!!!! thank you muchly! submitted by r. tischer customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfaction with your service. thank you. submitted by a. godunova customer satisfaction comment overall i was quite satisfied with my purchase; my brand was available, the shipping was fast and the prices were reasonable. submitted by s. harris customer satisfaction comment i loved how you could pay with paypal and billmelater as well as regular credit cards.very convenient, in my case, to have other options. plus my prescription is rather strong so you also having it was a big deal for me. thanks so much! submitted by l. fawcett customer satisfaction comment i was extremely impressed with the quick turnaround and delivery of my lenses. your site was user friendly. submitted by c. cassidy customer satisfaction comment i got a great price, fast delivery, and no hassles. what else can you ask for! thanks! submitted by c. goss customer satisfaction comment hard contacts are difficult to find & i appreciate that with ac it''s no problem to get them quickly and reasonably. submitted by j. rzeszutko customer satisfaction comment i was extremely upset to get e-mails giving me discounts towards the purchase of focus progressive lenses, only to find they had been discontinued. having purchased focus progressives from your company since 2003, i expected you to advise me in advance so i could stockpile. unfortunately for me, that was not the case, and i''m stuck with a lens i consider inferior. submitted by r. moore customer satisfaction comment very satisfied with lens and timely delivery! submitted by m. greene customer satisfaction comment first buyer, extremely satisfied. you beat all other prices by 30% and the delivery was very timely. thanks you.. you have a very satisfied customer. i will tell everyone. i have already told my opthomologist, who is now recomending your site to her patients. submitted by j. england customer satisfaction comment like the reminder notices. helps me stay on top of my lens. a factor my eye doctor likes very much as well. submitted by a. vargas customer satisfaction comment the shipping was fast, the prices were great, and the over all service was superb!! submitted by c. morales customer satisfaction comment great place to shop for contacts submitted by j. lyons customer satisfaction comment your service team was wonderful in getting me the lenses i needed after i broke one just before a trip. submitted by e. lusher customer satisfaction comment ac lens price before any ciba rebate was cheaper than wal-mart/1-800 contacts after their supposed discount and ciba rebate. ac lens was $44/box wal-mart was $60/box. submitted by t. loren customer satisfaction comment excellent and fast service. i am well pleased! submitted by s. chandler customer satisfaction comment thank you, for making the buying process so simple and quick. submitted by l. wilson customer satisfaction comment very pleased. good prices. great sevice. fast delivery. submitted by j. barbour customer satisfaction comment i sure will order again from your company i am very pleased. submitted by l. casillas customer satisfaction comment great place, was afraid to order from an online retailer at first. got my lenses fairly cheap in 3-4 days. submitted by e. tkachenko customer satisfaction comment i''ve ordered through ac lens a few times now and have always been very satisfied. my lenses are correct and arrive speedily! plus the prices are great. thank you. submitted by s. zwonitzer customer satisfaction comment after i placed my order, it said ''waiting for prescription'' even though when i contacted via email your company said it was actually being processed. this had worried me. otherwise all was fantastic! submitted by p. guthrie wow!! i have never ordered my contact lenses on line before. i thought i would give it a try. i 'shopped' around on line and heard good and bad about everyone. so then it came down to cost. not only am i impressed with the cost through aclens, i am also impressed with how they handled my order. i was not expecting them to contact my doctor. but they did - to confirm that my prescription was up to date and accurate!! it turned out that my prescription had expired and aclens would not go through with the order. they did encourage me to get my prescription updated and get beck to them anytime. my doctor extended my presciption. i went back to aclens that day - got by order placed and received my contacts in 3 days!! keep in mind i have not used them yet. only because i read that on line orders can take weeks to receive. if they are not the prescription i requested, i will get back to aclens. but i do not forsee any problems. and if i do - i am confident that aclens will make it right! submitted by debby great experience this is my first order from ac lens. i am familiar with the great acuvue product, but was extremely pleased with the service from ac lens. order was exactly as i placed it and the lenses were received before i even expected to start looking for them! it was a wonderful experience and i recommend ac lens highly! thank you! submitted by jan patten customer satisfaction comment this was my first time ordering contacts online and i was a little worried how it would turn out at first. after i did a little research and ordered from you i was very satisfied with the results. thank you for making it so easy! submitted by r. cooper customer satisfaction comment this websites awesome!! easy re-ordering options, fast delivery love it! submitted by a. stone great service! ac lens is by far the best company with amazing customer service. i received my hard contact lens last week and realized that the fitting was wrong. this however was an error on my optometrist part who wrote down the wrong base curve numbers. my doctors office re-faxed the correct prescription and the same morning ac lens worked with me on the phone to fix the issue getting my new contacts out to me right away. submitted by anonymous customer satisfaction comment excellent service, as usual. submitted by z. gersch customer satisfaction comment i''ve been using ac lens for several years and every transaction has been great! the prices are unbeatable and the quick shipping is a nice convenience. submitted by s. kahn customer satisfaction comment price usually draws me to a place and i am willing to wait and give up the other things you guys have it all. i have recommended you to others and i am happy to say they use you also. i have no suggestions at this time. submitted by m. burge customer satisfaction comment your site is awesome! thank you! we have ordered from you in the past and this time was even better than we remembered. great savings and the contacts arrived so fast it made my head spin. submitted by p. valero customer satisfaction comment how about a better web checkout interface? submitted by v. wong customer satisfaction comment i''ve ordered from you for years and love your service. submitted by d. wilson customer satisfaction comment very easy company to work with. submitted by t. silver customer satisfaction comment very fast getting to me submitted by d. staffon customer satisfaction comment excellent and kind. submitted by j. bechtel customer satisfaction comment i have ordered lenses 3 times from this company. i love the convenience, availability, price point, and excellent customer service. i do and will continue to refer this company to family and friends. thank you ac lens! submitted by p. waters customer satisfaction comment great company....very fast service!! i''ve been ordering from you for more than 6 years and always have been satisfied! submitted by m. poe customer satisfaction comment i am overall pleased w/the service and pricing. submitted by p. lediner customer satisfaction comment really enjoy the coupons and the great prices and customer service. submitted by c. mueller customer satisfaction comment satisfied customer submitted by p. wineberg customer satisfaction comment you were all so helpful with my order. i had a problem with my shipping address and the post office and your staff took care of it so quickly. i will never buy contacts from any one but you guys! thank you so much submitted by h. kenoyer customer satisfaction comment the international shipping option is great, the timing of the delivery was very good and i was all in all very happy. the prices are more expensive than on other websites, which is the only reason i might reconsider buying from somewhere else. otherwise, very happy. submitted by g. paone great experience! fast service, exactly what i needed!!! good price! thank you!!! :) submitted by anonymous customer satisfaction comment my delivery took 30 days to reach my house, but the delay is given on behalf of the customs of brazil. your company has been nimble in order, taking the product i wanted at a fair price. submitted by c. goncalves ribeiro guimaraes customer satisfaction comment i like that the speedy delivery and good prices compared to 1800 contacts submitted by y. salgado customer satisfaction comment ac does its job well. my suggestion is: don''t change. keep up the good work. submitted by p. porrata customer satisfaction comment wonderful service and great prices. i will be back again to order contacts. submitted by r. dowdy customer satisfaction comment excellent service - the process was painless and i was delighted to receive my order within a day of placing my order. i''m extremely satisfied. many thanks for making my shopping experience such a pleasure. submitted by s. chandran customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased with the service i receive from you. you took my other contacts back when they did not work for my eyes and made the entire process so simple. frankly, though i normally shop on price for contact lenses i didn''t even check other companies this time because i''m so happy with the service i have received from you. submitted by a. schumacher customer satisfaction comment very easy to order. loved having accesories available at the same time. submitted by j. osborne customer satisfaction comment keep up the good work! looking forward to ordering from you again! submitted by h. byl customer satisfaction comment i am asked to complete one of your serveys after each purchase which i think is rediculous. please ensure i don''t get them in future. submitted by d. taylor customer satisfaction comment i always get first class service from your team, that''s why i keep coming back. keep it up!! submitted by j. allen customer satisfaction comment very pleased with the prompt order and delivery time to the uk. regards kevin mills. submitted by k. mills customer satisfaction comment thank you again for the impeccable service. i am always amazed at how quickly the contact lens are shipped which is made even better by the fact that your prices beat everyone else. thanks again. submitted by i. purlantov customer satisfaction comment competitive prices and great delivery. submitted by g. sullivan customer satisfaction comment you always supply excellent service (and fast!)i would not use anyone else. submitted by c. koppel customer satisfaction comment i was extremely happy with the price of my contacts. then i realized the costumer service was the best. my contacts came very fast. i was surprised and very happy with everything. even extra savings on my next order. i couldn''t be happier about the way you took care of my order. i am a very happy customer :d submitted by d. breniser customer satisfaction comment i am extremely satisfied with my purchase in aclens.availibility of my brand,prices and i didn''t find hiding fees like others companies. submitted by s. fonseca customer satisfaction comment i liked how fast my contacts arrived as i was almost out! also liked that the prices were cheaper than the dr.s office! submitted by s. taylor customer satisfaction comment i was surprised and impressed at how often i was kept informed of the progress of my order. i received numerous emails at every stage of my order and that was helpful in easing my mind that everything was running smoothly. especially the emails letting me know that my rx had been received and approved, and also the email letting me know when my order had shipped. that way i was able to know when to look for the package. this was my first time ordering from ac lens, and i am very cautious about ordering items online because there is so much fraud. i have already recommended ac lens to my coworkers and friends, and i look forward to using ac lens in the future. you now have a custmer for many years to come! submitted by k. hughes customer satisfaction comment the shipping is a little expansive for the weight of the package..... submitted by m. auger customer satisfaction comment excellent service!! submitted by h. liao customer satisfaction comment i have always had exceptionally fast service with my orders and have recommended ac lens to many of my friends. submitted by s. day customer satisfaction comment great service , competitive prices, fast delivery keep up the good work submitted by a. mennella wow....best price anywhere and shipping fast just wanted to thank you guys for an extremly easy ordering process and superb customer service. you have the absolute best price anywhere (store-front or internet). the product almost came as fast as i could get it from the store. i will continue to use ac lens for future purchases. thanks again!!!! submitted by tony (virginia) customer satisfaction comment we have been very happy with the quality of aclens products and the timeliness of delivery of orders...would definitely recommend! submitted by d. sodergren customer satisfaction comment when there's a problem with the products don't refer us to the manufacturing company since we didn't order from them but from yours. submitted by y. griffin customer satisfaction comment my first order from your company was great. i will certainly be a repeat customer. submitted by s. bragg customer satisfaction comment nothing; just continue the excellent service. submitted by r. marti customer satisfaction comment i was trying to figure out where to enter my coupon code when i ordered and could not figure it until i had already processed the order. that should be clearer. that would be something to cause me not to reorder with ac submitted by n. baker customer satisfaction comment great service, fast shipping to apo address. will do business again. submitted by g. alexander customer satisfaction comment overall i am very pleased with my order. submitted by e. bryson stafford customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering from ac lens for years now and have always been completely satisfied with the service. goods arrive quickly and are well packaged submitted by g. ower customer satisfaction comment over all experience was very good :) thank you! submitted by a. minnock customer satisfaction comment i am so glad i came upon your website! i have already referred a few friends! submitted by s. dupler customer satisfaction comment they company is fast and efficient. the products are great. submitted by j. haskell customer satisfaction comment great online shopping experience. best prices and quick delivery. submitted by r. gross beats costco price i have been ordering from ac lens for nearly 10 years and cannot ask for better service. customer service has always been quick to respond to my inquiries and delivery is usually within 5 days. i compared price with costco and aclens is cheaper. keep up the great work. submitted by t. pham customer satisfaction comment fast shipping and prices were so much better than 1800contacts, which is who i have been using for the last 5 years. so glad i found you guys! submitted by b. vincent customer satisfaction comment i was very impressed with how easy you guys made things. i generally dislike ordering things off the internet due usually not being able to get ahold of anyone that seems to be able to help out. i didn't even have to call you guys for anything. i've already told some people about using you. you were also over 10$ a box cheaper that 800contacts! submitted by l. vaughn customer satisfaction comment your price was the best that i found on the internet. aclens contacted my dr. quickly and i received my contacts very fast. thank you. submitted by a. mayo customer satisfaction comment this was the first time i ordered on line and w/a company with which i was not familiar. i was extremely satisfied all the way around and plan to use your services in the future. thank you. submitted by p. lediner customer satisfaction comment thank you so much for fast shpping & sevice :-) submitted by a. mozaffari customer satisfaction comment unbelievable short amount of time for receiving orders...love you guys - faxing the prescription is also very convenient... submitted by l. causo customer satisfaction comment it would be nice if you imformed customers in yhe u.k. about extra charges ( tax and handeling fee)that is charged before getting items. submitted by w. quinn customer satisfaction comment better color changing contacts i use freshlook colorblends now...the blue is great, the green not so good...barely can tell color difference...i have brown eyes submitted by a. colvin customer satisfaction comment overall the experience was great. i was ordering for my wife and ended up using the (-) instead of the (+) because my prescription is (-). the error was caught by the csr''s and brought to my attention for correction. they also contacted the doctor to verify the prescription before contacting me. e-mail order status was also helpful. submitted by c. ioakim less that a week i ordered my perscription swimming goggles friday afternoon and got them on the next monday! easy to put together. then i went swimming. i can see underwater! i'm just a pool swimmer, but they worked very well for me. i was worried about the fit. they're just fine on me. p.s. i was encouraged by your better business bureau rating of a+. submitted by anonymous swimming goggles i highly recommend doing business with ac lens. i purchased swimming goggles for my 9 yr son, and i used some goof off to get the sticker glue off and i ruined the lenses, that we couldn't use the goggles. i called ac lens and they sent me another pair, with a return label. they didn't have to do that, but they did. they have my business for life. i highly recommend doing business with them and i have told other people about them. this was my son's first pair of prescription goggles and they made such a huge difference. he had so much fun swimming in the ocean looking for sea shells. the whole time saying i can see the sand at the bottom. seeing his smile is priceless. thank you ac lens. you guys rock! submitted by lisa puts my faith back into customer service! i was a little worried about ordering my first time with ac lens. you never know what you are getting into. but the prices helped me get over my fear. i was thrilled to get an instant email stating that they received my order soon followed by another email stating that my lenses were in stock and ready to ship. the next day the third email came stating that they were on their way! i received both original sealed boxes and a small case as an extra bonus. it is a wonderful experience when everything is as it should be these days. ac lens, thank you and you have a customer for life. i will tell all my friends and co-workers about you. submitted by angela g wowed!! i recently started shopping online for my contacts...been wearing them for 15yrs and just recently found out i could order online! went with another company before i tried ac and was truly disappointed, no live operator, everything was through email, which weren't answered in 3-4 days...terrible!! so i went shopping again hesitantly...found ac tried them and loved them!! i will never shop anywhere else..shipping was super fast..kept me aware of the progress the whole time, truly satisfied...thank you for your excellent customer service! submitted by michelle won't shop anywhere else!!! submitted by anonymous service! i found this site after being unimpressed with the 1-800-contacts site prices. ac lens is great! their prices are better than my doctor, 1-800-contacts, and any other place i've seen unless you're buying in insane bulk. i needed my contacts fast, so i sprang for the expedited shipping. i've done this with other sites and then waited 4-7 days while kicking myself for having paid extra, but right after i had my prescription faxed in, my order had shipped! two days, later, my order was at my door. in addition, i must say i appreciate the tone of this site & their emails. it's apparent that this business is grateful for its customers, and that's the kind of business i want to support. submitted by hilary exceeded my expectations i searched the web for an affordable, quality pair of prescription strength swimming goggles. i also needed them in two weeks. i found aclens, and was pleased with the price, but amazed at the fast shipping... under 5 business days. will do business with aclens again. submitted by david customer service was excellent i tried to order from ac lens twice - both times there was a problem with my order, no fault of the company, and they called me the very next day to clear it up and get my order processed. seeing that you never really know when you order on-line, it was a pleasant suprise. i picked them to try because they weren't the "largest" or the "cheapest advertised price" (read added fees), so i thought may be reputable. i live in an adjacent state, so the shipment came quickly. submitted by jill i switched over this is the first time i had ever heard of ac lens and decided try it out. i'm so glad i did. i used to buy my contacts through that website that is advertised all over the place. yeah, you know which one i'm talking about. i did a price comparison and saved almost $60 dollars by switching over to ac lens. and the speed of delivery was amazing. my order shipped out on the 2nd of march and arrived today, march 4th. i am completely satisfied with ac lens' customer service. submitted by yuliana excellent service yet again!! i placed an order with ac lens and was quite prepared to wait 10 -14 days for international priority mail to new zealand, to deliver my order. to my surprise, when i opened my letterbox this morning, there was my order, - six days later! yet again i am impressed with the expedient service. well done ac lens! submitted by deb very satisfied i have to say i used another supplier in the past and your service and price was far better! very fast and accurate. thank you and i will tell my friends! submitted by k clark surpassed my expectations! i am going to be faithful to this company, because they did right by me. both times, i received my lenses fast, and the orders were accurate. the price was even lower than another popular internet lens retailer, who i shall not name. i am very pleased with ac lens! submitted by anonymous customer service is tops i was a little leery about ordering my contacts from an online vendor, but with the great prices that were $10.00 a box cheaper than what my eye doctor charges i couldn't pass it up. my doctor gave me 2 different prescriptions for coloured contacts (i was trying on the demo pairs and then i was going to decide which brand i wanted), well leave it to me to order the wrong ones. well i emailed them and asked them to cancel the order. unfortunately they already went out but when i called and emailed customer service the people i spoke to couldn't be nicer they told me what to do and just reject the first order when fedex came to my door and they would credit me when they received them. the service is super fast!!! i used expedited service which i believe is 3-5 days they came in2 2!!! i am certainly ordering from them again! submitted by liz the best service i've had....anywhere my first experience with ac lens started off roughly. a few days after my first order, online tracking had informed me that my shipment of contacts was delivered. perhaps a neighborhood dog ran off with it or it was delivered to the wrong address, but the package was nowhere to be found. i frantically called the shipping company who was less than helpful. then, i proceeded to call ac lens. after a simple explanation of my dilemma, the customer service representative apologized for the inconvenience and rushed a new order for me. no hassle whatsoever. the order arrived promptly and successfully the second time. i just placed my second order with ac lens two days ago, half expecting that the great service the first time was a fluke. i have already received my contacts. furthermore, the prices here are consistently low. literally, the best shopping experience and customer service i have ever had, anywhere. thanks ac lens! submitted by sarah c this is what i call great service and fast! i am fairly new to contact lens wear and have already ordered from two other on line services for contact lenses and my early experiences left me believing one better order in plenty of time like at least two weeks minimum before one can expect to receive the lenses. i thought maybe one had to expect slow service if the shipping was free but imagine my surprise when i placed my order monday night and here it was wednesday about noon and my lenses are here already! no need to pay the much higher doctors office fee to receive them in one or two days! i am very pleased and will use ac lens for all my future eye care and contact lens needs. submitted by aj i recently ordered some contact lenses from you (former lens.com user) that i needed right away. you were the only site i found that not only had the lenses in stock, but you had the lowest price! your sales people were professional and personable, little or no waiting, and i was treated as if i was your only customer. i got my lenses as promised! thanks! <br><br> now i received an email keeping me up to date in the status of when my lenses will ship! that's what i call customer service! <br><br> i've been recommending you to all of my optically challenged friends,and an especially a skeptical friend has already given you a try. needless to say he was very pleased with your service ("it was easier, less expensive, and i got my lenses faster than going to my eye doctor!) <br><br> i got to say, "i told you so!" thanks! submitted by jimmy i just wanted to let you know that i think you run a fantastic company. i've been ordering my contacts from you for years and, besides offering great prices, reordering is easy and fast, and your customer support is truly amazing. everyone i've dealt with through the years goes above and beyond to ensure that i'm satisfied. i've never had even a neutral experience with you - they are always been positive. submitted by shanna aclens is awesome! i love this place! great prices! great service! submitted by anonymous i wanted to let you know how thrilled i am with the aclens customer service and with the contact lenses that i received yesterday. the communication throughout the entire ordering process was wonderful, and the notifications about shipping were extremely accurate. i couldn't be happier and wanted to let you know. submitted by janet you are fantastic! is there someone i can speak with and/or email to "sing your praises?" i cannot thatnk you enough for doing this! i am currently on hold to place the order, so hopefully this wil all go through today! thanks again. i owe you one -- big time! great service and easy to order and follow through is great. submitted by joan i was leaving on a surf trip and needed contact lens fast. they arrived in plenty of time. thanks ! submitted by brad if you will always provide me with the same service, it's just super buying from you. submitted by jeff thank you for all your advice! you have been the best customer service assistant in any company that i have ever had contact with... submitted by agnes keep up the good work, and customer satisfaction. good job. submitted by donald was very impressed, much more than with 1800contacts, who were very disappointing. submitted by kara i work for a major online catalog company, and see many great aspects on this site as we have available at work, i would (and have) recommended this site to many of my friends! keep up the good work! wouldn't change a thing. submitted by courtney customer service comment just wanted to drop a note to tell you how great i think it is that with literally two clicks i was able to reorder contact lenses and for a great price. what a time and hassle saver. i was not ready to reorder when your email first came through, but i saved it and the links were still live 4 months later. you have a good thing going and i just wanted to say that i appreciate the way you do business. submitted by matt if you are having any unexplained eye discomfort, watering, vision change or redness, remove your lenses immediately and consult your eye care professional before wearing your lenses again. all information, articles, photos, images, logos, and content copyright ac lens 1996 - 2012. customer service ordering contact lenses reordering faq privacy help shipping info order tracking returns corporate info about ac lens contact ac lens press center affiliate program find products sitemap lens catalog accessories glasses reading glasses sunglasses community contact lens blog ac lens on facebook ac lens on twitter contact lens forums contact lens coupons contact lens health testimonials