来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231160236/http://www.aclens.com/privacy.asp
================================================================================

privacy statement ac lens home page over 15 years of excellence 1-888-248-lens (5367) login shopping cart order tracking shipping info help faq close apply code may not be combined with other coupons, sales, or special offers at ac lens. not eligible on ray-ban, polo, ralph lauren, dkny, smith, suncloud, superdry, and oakley brand products. contact lens list acuvue acuvue 1-day acuvue 1-day moist for astigmatism acuvue 1-day moist acuvue 1-day trueye acuvue 2 acuvue 2 colours enhancers acuvue 2 colours opaques acuvue advance acuvue advance for astigmatism acuvue advance plus acuvue bifocal acuvue oasys acuvue oasys for astigmatism acuvue oasys for presbyopia air optix aqua air optix for astigmatism air optix multifocal air optix night & day air optix night & day avaira avaira toric biofinity biofinity toric biofinity multifocal biomedics 38 biomedics 55 biomedics ep biomedics 1-day biomedics premier biomedics toric biomedics xc biotrue boston lenses clearsight 1-day clearsight 1-day toric dailies aquacomfort plus dailies total1 expressions extreme h2o fluorex lenses fluoroperm lenses focus dailies focus dailies progressives focus dailies toric focus monthly softcolors focus night & day frequency 55 frequency 55 aspheric frequency 55 toric frequency 55 toric xr freshlook colors freshlook colors one day freshlook colorblends freshlook colorblends toric freshlook dimensions freshlook toric freshlook visitint hydrasoft lenses night & day optima 38 lenses optima fw optima toric optimum classic optimum comfort optimum extra optimum extreme o2-optix paragon paraperm lenses polycon ii preference lenses proclear lenses purevision lenses purevision2 rigid gas perm (rgp) lenses sgp lenses soflens 38 soflens for astigmatism soflens daily for astigmatism soflens daily disposable soflens multifocal softcon ew transaire ultraflex 38 ultraflex 55 vertex contact lenses eyeglasses sunglasses reading glasses eyecare accessories close free shipping on orders that qualify cannot be combined with other offers or discounts from ac lens. order total must exceed $99. [see more details] offer valid on u.s. and canada orders only. contact lens brands acuvue air optix alcon bausch + lomb biofinity biomedics boston dailies focus frequency freshlook proclear purevision purevision2 soflens contact lens types daily disposable 1-2 week disposable 1-3 month disposable conventional (vial) toric rgp (oxygen permeable) colored and tinted bifocal special effects sports contacts cosmetic contacts lens manufacturers alcon bausch + lomb cooper vision johnson & johnson (vistakon) lens & eye care products prescription eyeglasses eyeglass accessories contact lens cases eye drops solutions and cleaners reading glasses sunglasses swimming goggles all eye care accessories privacy statement ac lens will treat your information as we treat our own. we do not sell your information and will do everything we can to make sure your information is secure. for a more detailed look at our policies keep reading. opt-out provided non-personal information third party service providers links to 3rd party sites testimonials prescription verification legal disclosure of your information contests and drawings transaction security updating your information truste privacy program mailing address ac lens collects information about its customers both during the order process and as customers navigate the http://www.aclens.com/ web site. the information provided by customers during the ordering process such as their name, physical address, email address, and payment information is considered private, and ac lens will not sell this personal information to third parties. this information will be used to process your order and deliver it to you in a timely fashion. in addition, ac lens reserves the right to contact existing customers regarding store specials and other significant events. opt-out provided ac lens will provide existing customers with the opportunity to "opt-out" or choose to be removed from future mailings from ac lens. opt-out information will be included with any non-personal or non-essential message sent to prior customers. you may also opt-out by sending an email to service@aclens.com requesting that you be removed from certain types of future mailings or calling 1-888-248-5367. a personal or essential message is one that would relate directly to the particular customer's order. top non-personal information ac lens also routinely collects statistics on site usage patterns through web logs, web beacons and third party service providers. these statistics are not intended to relate to any particular individual. instead, they are used internally to judge the effectiveness of web site features and content. some real-time information is occasionally used to automatically suggest a product to a customer based on that customer's observed preferences. we use cookies on this site. a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. we link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. we use both session id cookies and persistent cookies. a session id cookie expires when you close your browser. we use session id cookies to allow visitors to easily navigate during checkout and access their account information. a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. we use a persistent cookie to welcome visitors returning to the site and to associate appropriate advertisements for our visitors. you can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your internet browser's "help" file. how to clear your browser's cookies if you reject cookies, you may still use our site. without a session id cookie, your ability to complete a purchase and checkout will be limited. the use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, and tracking utility company is not covered by our privacy policy. we do not have access or control over these cookies. our partners, affiliates, and tracking utility company use session id cookies to make it easier and safer for you to navigate our site. our third party partners employ clear gifs (a.k.a. web beacons/web bugs), images, and scripts that help them better manage content on our site. we do not tie the information gathered to our customers' or users' personally identifiable information. we partner with a third party ad network to manage our advertising on other sites. our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. if you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. you will continue to receive generic ads. top third party service providers ac lens may share your information provided with your order with third-party service providers who provide services related to your order. examples of these third-party service providers include a credit card processing company, a contact lens supplier, or a shipping service. your personal information will not be used by any third party for purposes other than providing these services in relation to your order. top links to 3rd party sites our site may include links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of ac lens. if you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. we encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web site you visit. top testimonials we display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. with your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. if you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at service@aclens.com. top prescription verification ac lens may verify your prescription information provided with your order with your doctor or eyecare provider as required by federal law. for more information about how your personal health information is protected, please see our notice of privacy practices. top legal disclosure of your information we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site. top contests and drawings ac lens may sponsor or host contests or drawings from time to time. some contests may be offered in conjunction with a third party sponsor and website users will be notified at the time of the contest as to whether a third party sponsor is involved and whether the third party will be receiving the user's information to send promotional communications. the website user can then choose whether to enter the contest or not at that time based on the terms and conditions associated with that particular contest. top transaction security all transactions occur through our secure server, protected by a verisign® secure site certificate. that means that we use encryption to secure information sent from your computer to our servers. in addition, credit card numbers and other sensitive information is encrypted in our database(s) to provide a second layer of security for your private information. top truste privacy program ac lens has been awarded truste's privacy seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by truste for compliance with truste's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. truste's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. if you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at http://www.aclens.com/. if you are not satisfied with our response you can contact truste here. top updating your information if you ever need to update or delete any information on file with ac lens, you may call or email us at ac lens at service@aclens.com. if you need to update your information when re-ordering, you will have a chance to make changes to your payment information, shipping and billing address(es) at checkout. we will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. if you have additional questions about the privacy of your information, please contact ac lens at service@aclens.com or call us at 1-888-248-5367. mailing address ac lens 4265 diplomacy dr columbus, oh 43228 usa top last updated on: 10/22/12 if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. we reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage. sign up for exclusive offers: if you are having any unexplained eye discomfort, watering, vision change or redness, remove your lenses immediately and consult your eye care professional before wearing your lenses again. all information, articles, photos, images, logos, and content copyright ac lens 1996 - 2014. customer service ordering contact lenses reordering faq privacy help shipping info order tracking returns corporate info about ac lens contact ac lens press center affiliate program find products sitemap lens catalog accessoriesprescription eyeglasses reading glasses sunglasses community ac lens on youtube ac lens on twitter ac lens on google+ contact lens blog ac lens on twitter ac lens on facebook contact lens coupons contact lens health testimonials