来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141228144841/http://www.aclens.com/testimonials.asp
================================================================================

ac lens contact lenses - customer testimonials! ac lenshome page over 15 years of excellence 1-888-248-lens (5367) login shopping cart order tracking shipping info help faq close apply code may not be combined with other coupons, sales, or special offers at ac lens. not eligible on ray-ban, polo, ralph lauren, dkny, smith, suncloud, superdry, and oakley brand products. contact lens list acuvue acuvue 1-day acuvue 1-day moist for astigmatism acuvue 1-day moist acuvue 1-day trueye acuvue 2 acuvue 2 colours opaques acuvue advance acuvue advance for astigmatism acuvue advance plus acuvue oasys acuvue oasys for astigmatism acuvue oasys for presbyopia air optix aqua air optix for astigmatism air optix multifocal air optix night & day air optix colors avaira avaira toric biofinity biofinity toric biofinity multifocal biomedics 38 biomedics 55 biomedics ep biomedics 1-day biomedics premier biomedics toric biomedics xc biotrue boston lenses clearsight 1-day clearsight 1-day toric dailies aquacomfort plus dailies total1 expressions extreme h2o fluorex lenses fluoroperm lenses focus dailies focus dailies progressives focus dailies toric focus monthly softcolors focus night & day frequency 55 frequency 55 aspheric frequency 55 toric frequency 55 toric xr freshlook colors freshlook colors one day freshlook colorblends freshlook colorblends toric freshlook dimensions freshlook toric freshlook visitint hydrasoft lenses night & day optima 38 lenses optima fw optima toric optimum classic optimum comfort optimum extra optimum extreme o2-optix paragon paraperm lenses polycon ii preference lenses proclear lenses purevision lenses purevision2 rigid gas perm (rgp) lenses sgp lenses soflens 38 soflens for astigmatism soflens daily for astigmatism soflens daily disposable soflens multifocal softcon ew transaire vertex contact lenses eyeglasses sunglasses reading glasses eyecare accessories close free shipping on orders that qualify cannot be combined with other offers or discounts from ac lens. offer valid on u.s. and canada orders only. contact lens brands acuvue air optix alcon bausch + lomb biofinity biomedics boston dailies focus frequency freshlook proclear purevision purevision2 soflens contact lens types daily disposable 1-2 week disposable 1-3 month disposable conventional (vial) toric rgp (oxygen permeable) colored and tinted bifocal special effects sports contacts cosmetic contacts lens manufacturers alcon bausch + lomb cooper vision johnson & johnson (vistakon) lens & eye care products prescription eyeglasses eyeglass accessories contact lens cases eye drops solutions and cleaners reading glasses sunglasses swimming goggles all eye care accessories at ac lens, customer service is #1 we strive everyday to provide our customers with the best possible service. that means we keep you posted on backorders, let you know all of your options, and get your contact lenses to you with the smallest amount of effort possible on your part. we want you to be surprised by how well we treat you, and then we want you to come back again and expect that same superior level of quality service. don't just take our word for it, read what real customers have said after ordering contact lenses from ac lens. did you have a great experience at ac lens? tell us your story and let others know. what our customers say about ac lens customer satisfaction comment i used ac lens the first time to purchase my hard to find contacts and was extremely satisfied so i chose to reorder using ac lens and again extremely satisfied. i plan to continue to use ac lens. it is simple to order from beginning to end and my contacts arrive so quickly it is unbelievable. cost is reasonable for the most part as well. submitted by marlycia customer satisfaction comment been using ac for years. always great service and prompt shipping. easy navigation on their web pages as well. submitted by george customer satisfaction comment it's all good guys, no complaints. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfied with ac lens. my order is always prompt and packaged well. submitted by elizabeth customer satisfaction comment shipped a lot faster than i was expecting, thanks! submitted by katherine customer satisfaction comment getting contact lenses from ac lens is cheaper than anywhere else i have found. submitted by dianna customer satisfaction comment very happy i will order from ac lens again. submitted by larry customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfied with everything and will highly recommend your business. thank you! submitted by angela customer satisfaction comment customer service is the reason we switched to ac lens, for years we used a nationwide chain, however after the last couple visits, i knew we needed to make a change. using your site was so convenient and quick and i felt like all my questions were answered without having to contact anyone. and the prices are affordable!! thank you!! submitted by aubrey customer satisfaction comment this was my first time ordering my contacts online. wonderful service! submitted by john customer satisfaction comment thanks for the reminder on when to re-order, and a coupon that goes with the order! submitted by mitchell customer satisfaction comment it felt like it took no more than 5 minutes to place an order for my contacts. simple,user-friendly, and delivered in the time quoted. will definitely repurchase from your site. submitted by kimberley customer satisfaction comment 100% satisfaction ! submitted by chiabai customer satisfaction comment best experience i've had ordering contacts! will only use this company! submitted by monica customer satisfaction comment very thankful your company ships to military members and dependents overseas. i would not have gotten contacts without your company. please do not change, as it is hard enough on military family members to shop for everyday needs. submitted by angela customer satisfaction comment reordering is very easy and uncomplicated. submitted by andrea customer satisfaction comment i love that i get a reminder email to reorder before my prescription runs out!! submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment my order came much faster than expected and cheaper than what i have been paying. submitted by donna customer satisfaction comment very pleased with the attention in order submitted by hector customer satisfaction comment easy online process with speedy delivery! well done! submitted by gregory customer satisfaction comment i reordered because the price and overseas shipping were good. i was not able to use the discount voucher which had been enclosed in my first order. while your site continues to be cheaper than the one i had been using for several years previously, i shall continue to shop here. i am very pleased with the new lenses too! submitted by maria customer satisfaction comment i can't recall the name of the woman who assisted me with my ordering issue, but she was extremely polite, pleasant, and helpful, and went above and beyond to make sure my order was in order. submitted by emily customer satisfaction comment a longer return policy would be great! because in order to use discounts you must order quantity and so you may find yourself with a different prescription before you run out of lenses. submitted by deirdre customer satisfaction comment i am a very satisfied customer and will definitely reorder again! submitted by jamey customer satisfaction comment always happy with ac lens and great specials and discounts too and delivered on time! submitted by febby customer satisfaction comment i am extrememly happy with you guys. got what i wanted and quick. thanks for the freebies too. thanks, chrystal submitted by chrystal customer satisfaction comment this was a very easy site to use and the prices were unbeatable! i ordered my contacts on thursday and they would have been delivered on saturday, but i wasn't home when they tried to deliver them. very impressed! submitted by madison customer satisfaction comment i have used you for two years now and am a very satisfied customer! submitted by viki customer satisfaction comment customer service and availability of coupon both make me come back to aclens. submitted by laurie customer satisfaction comment ac lens stepped up to resolve usps delivery our order to the wrong address: thank you. submitted by somchai outstanding customer service and quality after a recent eye exam, i needed to order new bifocals in order for me to read without blurriness. since i didn't know a lot about ordering glasses i called the customer care team to get assistance. within minutes, aclens staff were able to walk me through exactly what information to enter and how to properly size my glasses! in addition, i saved over 50% off what it would have cost at my doctors office and the chain stores. update: i just received my glasses today. aclens did a phenomenal job putting them together. great quality and craftsmanship. the fit perfect and i can read clearly again! thank you aclens team. regards, customer satisfaction comment always pleased with service as well as customer service reps. this makes for a good experience. submitted by judith customer satisfaction comment i have been a happy customer for many years! i live in spain and am always impressed with the cost of my lenses, the speed of delivery, the ease of ordering and the communications. very pleased as always, thanks. submitted by fiona customer satisfaction comment great experience- half the price of purchasing at my eye doctor's office and the same great quality submitted by nan customer satisfaction comment i always receive great service fron ac lens and have referred many friends. thanks! submitted by sandra customer satisfaction comment as always, you guys are the best in the business... submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment as always fast shipment, great service and prices. thank you. submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment i have excellent customer service over the telephone. price was the most important but i am very impressed with the telephone service because i could not figure out my lense numbers. the emails sent to me were also very helpful. i am very impressed. keep up the good work! submitted by kandee customer satisfaction comment excellent prices, easy to use website, huge selection, great processing and shipping speed. there is no way this order could be improved because it was perfect!! thanks! submitted by cassandra customer satisfaction comment so glad i switched to your site. better prices and fast shipping. u guys rock! submitted by john customer satisfaction comment really like that all my lens info is filled in when i order-repeatedly. submitted by diane customer satisfaction comment the website has my preferable brand, affordable prices, and fast shipping. would recommend to other people. keep it up! thank you for your services! submitted by rykiel customer satisfaction comment excellent customer service- i accidentally reordered my son's old rx lens, customer service emailed me immediately and correct my error. thank you! submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment i will reorder with ac lens because there is no surprise. the price they show it the same on my credit card. submitted by manon customer satisfaction comment i have been doing business with ac lens for several years and love the prompt,friendly, courteous and professional service i receive 100% of the time. submitted by pamela customer satisfaction comment i had a great experience using aclens. it was easy to order and the customer service was excellent. shipping was like lightening! i will definitely be back! submitted by rose customer satisfaction comment extremely satisfied. my first order online and really, really you are good. recommended to my son, who probably ordered already. keep your good work. i was really amazed how well it went. submitted by vera customer satisfaction comment i have been pleased with ac lens for years. their employees are always prompt and very very nice. keep up the good work! submitted by denise customer satisfaction comment very fast service. submitted by jeanine customer satisfaction comment great, prompt and desireable service, thank you! submitted by patricia customer satisfaction comment the ordering was so easy, and uploading my presription was easy as well, and the prices are great. my doctor could not beat them, and said it was cheaper than what they get them for. submitted by rose customer satisfaction comment i have referred you to several people. submitted by james d customer satisfaction comment as you are without a doubt the best company i have ever had the pleasure to deal with, i find it impossible to offer you any suggestions to improve my satisfaction! it's impossible to improve on perfection so please don't even try, and please never change! i have been buying my lenses from you for over ten years now - if that doesn't send out a clear message from a very happy customer i don't know what will! thank you, thank you, thank you! you guys really are the greatest! submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment so far i have had no problems with any aspect of the ordering process. it's been a pleasure doing business with you. submitted by richard customer satisfaction comment great service, thanks. submitted by franklin customer satisfaction comment great experience! submitted by sheila customer satisfaction comment ordering contacts through my eye doctor has always been a hassle, so i was shocked and delighted by how efficient the process was at ac lens. the sales reps were friendly, and i received my contacts sooner than i had anticipated. also, there isn't an option for diana among the sales rep names, but she was very helpful w/lifting the hold from my prescription and processing my order. thanks, diana :) submitted by sabrina customer satisfaction comment i found ac lens through the marriott points partners. overall i had a very good experience and would be glad to order again. submitted by stephanie customer satisfaction comment i was ordering a new brand/prescription, and decided to use a different internet company as i usually pay a fair bit for international shipping. i shall stick with this company for the time being. shipping and packaging was satisfactory. i would recommend your company. thank you. submitted by maria customer satisfaction comment happy with lenses, ease of ordering, and speedy delivery. submitted by william customer satisfaction comment very professional. submitted by lynn customer satisfaction comment i'm extremely happy with the timely order process, love the ease & use of reordering! submitted by crystal customer satisfaction comment excellent service and delivery..thank you submitted by patricia customer satisfaction comment great prices and fast delivery submitted by edward customer satisfaction comment prices are great, i am a long time customer and will continue to do business with ac lens submitted by victoria customer satisfaction comment this was my first time ordering my lenses online and i was extremely happy with my experience. the communication, speed and price were excellent! i will reorder when necessary. thank you so much! submitted by susi customer satisfaction comment this is my second time ordering contact lenses from ac lens. i enjoy the convenience of ordering online. i received the correct lenses and they fit perfectly, thank you. submitted by tracy customer satisfaction comment i am satisfied with my purchase and the contacts as they are halloween contacts, i got so many compliments and yes, i told them where i got them! thank you! i will be purchasing again for sure! nice selection, some things were out of stock (meaning very popular),so my only suggestion would be to have more stock in. submitted by brenda customer satisfaction comment always good. have recommended ac lens to many. especially efficient when i lived in tanzania where many companies do not deliver. never any quibble with missing orders submitted by vicky customer satisfaction comment excellent company to deal with. great service, quality. quick too. i will definitely purchase from again. thank you :) submitted by paulette customer satisfaction comment awesome experience...especially from overseas.. will definitely be ordering again submitted by mignon customer satisfaction comment wouldnt change a thing. very professional. keep up the good work. submitted by tim customer satisfaction comment contacts were as cheap as any i could find on the net and were delivered very quickly submitted by glenn customer satisfaction comment very happy will order again submitted by phillip customer satisfaction comment excellent first time experience. quick arrival. simple process. submitted by barb customer satisfaction comment i was surprised to see my order in my mailbox just 4 days after placing the order...especially when you had to order my contacts from the manufacturer. ac lens is also one of the very few online that have access to dailies aquacomfort plus multifocals. so, this company has access to the latest contacts available, and can get them to me just 4 days after i place my order. it's hard to beat that combination. submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment fast shipping (to canada) and a great product. i've tried colored lenses before and they always bugged my eyes (i don't wear contacts for vision) but this one fit perfectly and i couldn't even feel it. also love that i can order just one since it's for halloween and i didn't need it for both eyes. thanks! submitted by brianne customer satisfaction comment no problems and contacts were shipped promptly after i submitted a scanned copy of my prescription to them. submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment excellent experience! quick to ship. will order again! submitted by joey customer satisfaction comment good experience submitted by peggy customer satisfaction comment i love how easy the website was and how quickly i received my contacts. and thanks for the contact case. submitted by carolyn customer satisfaction comment great service and great price.contact lenses delivered as ordered within time frame given.will recommend to others and will be using ac lens again submitted by paul customer satisfaction comment i was iffy about purchasing. i had never purchased contacts/halloween contacts via internet before and being that i live in canada i wasn't sure what site was reliable. after some research this website was said to be fda approved so i gave it a try and i am very satisfied with the contacts i received and the delivery time. i would order from this site again. submitted by christina customer satisfaction comment keep up the good work :) submitted by kirsty customer satisfaction comment chat was very helpful. submitted by heather customer satisfaction comment very happy with the experience. submitted by mary ann awesome website i needed special contacts fast for a halloween event. i paid for 3-4 day shipping. i received them in 2 days!! your website is user friendly and customer service is great. i will order again and recommend anyone in need of your products should trust you are a good company. customer satisfaction comment very satisfied. reasonable price. fast delivery. i will definitely order again. :) submitted by bjorg m. customer satisfaction comment online site is easy to use, free shipping is nice too. submitted by dianne customer satisfaction comment i always get prompt and courteous service from ac lens customer care and will be a return customer submitted by elizabeth customer satisfaction comment several factors are important to me- prescription availability/lens quality and cost/payment options/ship time and cost... ac lens met them all! thank you submitted by elena wonderful experience i recently purchased eyeglass frames from ac lens. it was one of the best online purchases i have ever made. ac lens representatives not only responded quickly but were also very helpful. my frames arrived promptly and i will definitely be a repeat customer. customer satisfaction comment my years of experience with ac lens ordering process and customer surface has benn outstanding !!! submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment i have been using ac lens for several years and i have never had a bad experience. sometimes i look around the internet to see if there is anyone else out there who would give me a better price for my contacts. i have never found any other company who beats ac lens. submitted by deb customer satisfaction comment i do my homework, and i haven't found a better source of low-cost contact lenses than ac lens. all the name brands, at prices significantly less than the competition. oh and shipping is unbelievably fast! submitted by erin customer satisfaction comment very quick service, thank you! submitted by shirley customer satisfaction comment i am really happy with the product and service i received. would shop here again and recommend to friends/family submitted by casey customer satisfaction comment ac lens customer service is the best! i wouldn't hesitate to recommend them. it's always a pleasure to deal with a company that not only has live people that can help you, but that responds quickly and wants to be sure you're satisfied. submitted by rita excellent customer service! i use ac lens because they, not only have the best prices, but their customer service is the best i've ever encountered! if you have a problem/question a real person helps you & they take care of it immediately. i intend to do business with them and recommend them to everyone i know! customer satisfaction comment i was amazed first, at the price of my lenses and, second, at how easy it was to order, including emailing my prescription. the i was so surprised at how quickly i received my lenses. i will tell everyone i know who wears lenses to order from your company! submitted by lorie customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering contact lenses from aclens since 1999. staff is professional, courteous and knowledgeable. my orders have been accurate and have arrived in a timely manner (often times earlier than expected). the website and ordering process has improved to be a more user-friendly experience. i often recommend to friends and family for their contact lens needs. submitted by leslie customer satisfaction comment the best company, excellent service, great deals. submitted by valerian customer satisfaction comment i spoke to daniel upon receiving a phone call re: final amount of shopping cart. the customer service received was impeccable and i was truly impressed by the service extended by your company and employee! submitted by mary customer satisfaction comment easy to reorder, good prices, excellent online experience. thanks! submitted by james customer satisfaction comment very pleased with the product and the time it took to receive it. submitted by sue customer satisfaction comment ac lens should def keep selling those prescription halloween color contact... was having trouble finding it other places.. submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment a pleasure to do business with this company. the agents on the phone are polite & helpful. excellent product & prices. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment thank you so much for such great customer service. my experience was all by email ( to me that's perfect, bc sometimes i can't speak on the phone) what was even better is that they were available during the weekend. it is very rare to have a company contact you and fix problems during the weekend, nobody does that anymore. this has got to be the best customer service experience i have ever had in a very long time. i will definitely be purchasing from this supplier again. submitted by jansel customer satisfaction comment my doctor was charging my almost twice as much as i am able to buy my lenses from you. my lenses arrived quickly - and i am planning to order from you from now on! thanks! submitted by fiona customer satisfaction comment only you and another site had my script in stock. you beat them by about 20 bucks and i only ordered one box. will order again soon submitted by daniel customer satisfaction comment i live in brazil and it is extremely hard to find a company that will ship acuvue2, so i was really glad to find ac lens. very happy with price as well. submitted by natalie customer satisfaction comment i was very satisfied with quality, prompt delivery and no shipping costs! thank you! submitted by ada customer satisfaction comment have had nothing but great service from ac lens for years. will continue to use ac lens and recommend you to others. submitted by rex customer satisfaction comment keep providing the same great service at the same great prices! submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment ac lens has reliably shipped my contact lens orders quickly, and they have great prices. i have purchased from them for several years now and will continue to do so. thank you. submitted by margaret customer satisfaction comment great experience! submitted by tami customer satisfaction comment representative contacted my eye doctor to get the prescription completed; they took very good care of me and i appreciate their help and kindness. submitted by marilyn customer satisfaction comment very polite and prompt service. i was thoroughly pleased with my experience. submitted by talisha customer satisfaction comment i was very pleased to receive my order so quickly. i was also happy with the price and my order was eligible for free shipping. submitted by patricia customer satisfaction comment i heard about ac lens through my company. awesome company, good prices, fast delivery. submitted by beverly meeks customer satisfaction comment product pricing, shipping cost and customer service was great! submitted by nelson j customer satisfaction comment i have been using ac lens for long time love it, i order for myself & my son. i have told all my friends how easy is to order. thank you for a great service. before i did contact your customer service by phone & email each time very happy with results thanks :) submitted by alan customer satisfaction comment as a first time buyer i was skeptical on contacts but after receiving my fresh look contacts i was very satisfied submitted by cameshia customer satisfaction comment it was a very easy process. the website was easy to navigate, the product was great and the delivery communication was great. thanks! submitted by patrick customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering for a number of years now... prompt easy to reorder, you let me know when prices are going up... arrival to my mailbox never more than three days. outstanding organization to do business with!!! submitted by pamela customer satisfaction comment i had three reps before my order shipped; april, roberta, and nicolas. they were all very good, and with their help my order was able to be shipped the same day after they immediately contacted me when the order needed clarification. additionally, the shipping was amazing. i have no idea how my lenses arrived monday when i ordered friday. it was awesome. it must be because real people who know what they are doing are taking care of the orders. submitted by robert customer satisfaction comment this place is wonderful. not only are their prices great, but their customer service is top notch. submitted by randall customer satisfaction comment second time i have used your site. everyone has complimented him on how great his white out contacts look unlike cheap ones you can order at other places. i will continue using for both my husband and i! great quality, fast shipments, and low pricing! can't beat this site! submitted by candace customer satisfaction comment you guys are still my number one supplier...no one has the type of personal service that you offer....i would recommend you to everyone. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment so glad my dad told me about ac lens! submitted by regan customer satisfaction comment my contacts were in stock and they arrived in a very timely manner. they feel better than the ones my dr. gave me too! submitted by laura customer satisfaction comment outstanding service as always. thanks so much! submitted by zoe customer satisfaction comment i am so impressed with the level of customer service that your staff has provided. there were some issues with my eye doctor that prevented the order from going through, but everything was handled very professionally, smooth and quickly. i am very satisfied and happy on how my case was handled. thank you for keeping me posted each step of the way :) i am a new customer, but after this experience i will stay as a customer. submitted by annie customer satisfaction comment my first order in ac lens was very satisfactory. excellent products, customer service, fast shipping. thank you!!! submitted by carlos esteban customer satisfaction comment i wrote that i was worried about late delivery, but i got prompt answer, very kind and after some days my lenses were deliverd. very good service. will order again, kind regards annelien submitted by annelien customer satisfaction comment ac lens is among my employee discount services. i normally buy lenses from my eyecare provider. this is my first experience with ac lens and the cost savings was quite substantial for me. the ordering process was quite effecient and the lenses arrived in a timely manner. i will be purchasing all my lenses from ac lens in the future. submitted by sheila customer satisfaction comment i think you are doing a great job and i will use again when time to re-order. thank you. submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment very fast and efficient service. i would definitely recommend to my friends and family. submitted by deanne customer satisfaction comment i had a great experience with ac lens. the customer service was exceptional, the delivery was prompt, and the product was exactly what i wanted. thank you submitted by juanita customer satisfaction comment i would also like to thank the customer service representative i spoke with. the customer service from both gentlemen made the ordering experience extremely painless and the great customer service they provided, will make me continue to order from ac lens and recommend the company to others. submitted by zachary customer satisfaction comment you guys are great! don't change! submitted by vincent customer satisfaction comment great service! it usually takes longer to get them from my local vision center and they charge much more. very impressed. submitted by patricia customer satisfaction comment i have been a customer of ac lens for many years! they are easy to work with when i need to change my prescription, etc. and the prices are awesome! submitted by lauren customer satisfaction comment no suggestions; easy ordering, quick turn around time for delivery. submitted by diane customer satisfaction comment another factor in selection ac lens was the 30 day return policy. submitted by alexis customer satisfaction comment always great service! submitted by lila customer satisfaction comment i discovered your company through the benefits portal of my job. i had never heard of your company but was excited that we had a benefit relationship with you so i knew my insurance would be accepted. this makes all the difference in the world! submitted by whitney customer satisfaction comment great prices. quick turnaround. happy customer. submitted by mary customer satisfaction comment excellent products, service, and prices. if i wasn't already familiar with ac lens, i don't think i would believe hearing about it from someone else. almost too good to be true, except i know first hand how good it really is. thanks! submitted by eric customer satisfaction comment i was happy with the over all of my order. ordered from you before and, results were very good as well submitted by rosa customer satisfaction comment always happy with my experiences at ac lens. submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment the type of contact i am required to wear is not available everywhere and is expensive. i found ac lens via a google search in verifying another suppliers "title" used for a brand that i thought may be the one i needed. by doing this search i came across ac lens, and was very surprised and pleased with the price, availability, and speed for which i received my purchase. i am very pleased and excited with ac lens. submitted by christy customer satisfaction comment great service submitted by stephen m customer satisfaction comment love a/c lens! submitted by sandra customer satisfaction comment very good service, accurate item, good price and fast service. thank you, i will purchase again from ac lens submitted by masih customer satisfaction comment quick, painless, and great price! submitted by jean-paul customer satisfaction comment i am totally satisfied with the prices and also the availability of the lens i ordered, as no one else had it submitted by patti customer satisfaction comment fast delivery; customer service was excellent to get my prescription refilled. the rep returned calls very quickly. submitted by kathy customer satisfaction comment no suggestions. your service is the best! i would not order from anyone else submitted by shirley customer satisfaction comment faster then expected delivery. i found the price i paid to be extremely satisfactory. as long as i can continue to purchase at this price, i will remain a customer. thanks for great service! submitted by margaret customer satisfaction comment i have referred many family and friends! great pricing and fast shipment! submitted by monica customer satisfaction comment since you guys sell products abroad, i think it is important to have assistants who are familiar with foreigners whose mother tongue is not english (especially pronounciation) submitted by hyeonah customer satisfaction comment the perfect combination!! the best price and best service submitted by rafael customer satisfaction comment availability of brand and prescription, pricing and delivery time are all important to me. you nailed it on all counts. will be re-ordering. submitted by corrine customer satisfaction comment always a perfect purchase. i will not be buying my lenses from any other supplier. submitted by joyce customer satisfaction comment it's really great that you have the brand i'm looking for, fast service even abroad and helpful! thanks! submitted by ninna customer satisfaction comment i cannot think of any thing you could possibly do any better with. i was totally satisfied with the whole process when i placed my order. you have many more color choices than where i got my eye exam,they really did not seem to even really care,so i plan to get my next purchase from you also. i am very,very pleased with your service.thank you very much,bonnie submitted by bonnie customer satisfaction comment everything perfect! submitted by graziella customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering from ac lens for years, they consistently have the best prices and fast shipping! submitted by gayle customer satisfaction comment great fast service! submitted by kathy customer satisfaction comment i appreciated the help i received from customer service, the quick turn around of my order once my eye doctor issue was resolved and the price of the contacts ordered! submitted by mary customer satisfaction comment easy ordering, great customer service submitted by carol most speedy service ever from the us to norway. i am definitely a returning customer. customer satisfaction comment love you guys...nothing needs to be changed or corrected. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment very pleased with my purchase. submitted by andrea customer satisfaction comment i have used aclens for several years now. i have always had prompt service and delivery and been very satisfied! submitted by diana customer satisfaction comment receipt of product in a timely matter is very important as is pricing. submitted by david customer satisfaction comment it is very easy to re order the same lenses as before which is extremely helpful. submitted by caitriona customer satisfaction comment i forgot to include my discount code. customer service was quick and accommodating by applying the code after the purchase. i did not have wait time and they did not question me. the simply took care of it. how refreshing! submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment everything was perfect as usual. super-fast shipping, nice packing, great price. submitted by evgeniya customer satisfaction comment been ordering from ac for several years and appreciate the consistant excellent service! submitted by sheila customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering contact lenses from you for over 6 years, and have had no complaints. great job and prices. submitted by dennis customer satisfaction comment over the past few years, i have experienced a bad lens on occasion. i stay with ac lens because they 'make good' and have issued a replacement when i have reported that has occurred. submitted by lorrayne customer satisfaction comment perfect service! thank you! submitted by david customer satisfaction comment i can't think how ac lens could improve. my call was answered quickly, representative understood my question, contacted my doctor, sent email updating me of her effort to confirm my prescription. the next day email contact was to confirm the office had been contacted, my lenses were in stock and ready to ship. clear, correct and concise follow up to my customer service call. i will return to ac lens. submitted by betty customer satisfaction comment awesome job! i especially liked the way you sent me email reminders that my contact lens prescription was going to expire soon in case i wanted to reorder. keep up the good work! submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment very happy with the responsiveness of the staff. got acknowledgement confirming receipt of my prescription very quickly over the weekend. as a first time customer from australia, this gave me confidence about my purchase. submitted by stella customer satisfaction comment i had a great experience with ac lens! same products with lower price and free/ fast shipping! submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment have used ac lens for many years now. submitted by helen customer satisfaction comment easy online ordering with great prices submitted by kathy customer satisfaction comment keep up the great customer service and competitive prices! submitted by rachel customer satisfaction comment fabulous! i have been ordering from ac lens for about ten years and never continue to be amazed at the speed you get my lenses to me! i live in the uk and always pay for priority shipping which is quoted as 5-12 days - however without exception my orders arrive to me within 5 days! phenomenal service - you guys are the best and i wouldn't consider buying my lenses from anywhere else! thank you xxxxxx submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment your web site is very easy to use. your pricing is very competetive. your shipping costs to europe are realistic. stock and shipping info' is very helpful. your staff are very helpful and extremely polite. thank you submitted by philip customer satisfaction comment awesome and fast! cheaper than other stores! submitted by pete customer satisfaction comment always a good experience. have no suggestions for improvement. submitted by wendy customer satisfaction comment thanks for free shipping to canada! i have recommended family and friends to purchase from ac lens. submitted by nastassia customer satisfaction comment very helpful finding my brand when it was not yet available at other web sites. submitted by william customer satisfaction comment just keep doing what you are doing. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment i had a great experience. i will order from you again. submitted by melanie customer satisfaction comment website was very easy to use. i had no problem locating my brand and type of contact lens. entry of prescription specifics was a simple process. all the name brands available at the best prices on the internet. who could ask for anything more? well you could ask for the items to be hand delivered to your door by a handsome celebrity, but that's not going to happen! ever! submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment very happy submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment like just sending in my order and you take care of verifying with my doctor. this saves me time. submitted by robert customer satisfaction comment good price, fast shipping, no problems. submitted by glenn customer satisfaction comment your service and your product are a credit to your company. thank you for looking after me so well. submitted by jeffrey customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering my contacts from ac lens for over 12 years and have never had any issue with any of the orders. quick order receipt, lens quality and competitive pricing have kept me coming back year after year. submitted by ann customer satisfaction comment i love aclens!!! submitted by claudia customer satisfaction comment easy ordering and payment proccess, prompt shipping, competitive pricing, what more do you need.i'll be back next time i need contacts. submitted by trevor customer satisfaction comment quick easy and reasonable price, will order again submitted by jeff customer satisfaction comment great price, free and quick shipping. will definitely buy from ac lens again. submitted by kevin customer satisfaction comment great service! submitted by dave customer satisfaction comment keep up the good work! big thanks to the team at aclens submitted by jackie customer satisfaction comment i have recommended ac lens submitted by bev customer satisfaction comment thoroughly satisfied with product and service. ac lens continues to be my "go-to" source. submitted by bernadine customer satisfaction comment since using contact lenses and ordering from ac lens, i've never had a problem. submitted by norma customer satisfaction comment great company. they got my lenses to me very quick. i wish all businesses could be as efficient as this one...thank you ac lens submitted by david customer satisfaction comment love them and price very good!! very fast shipping also and will always order from them!!!! submitted by debbie customer satisfaction comment best prices...period. local dr tried to match, couldn't come close. submitted by aaron customer satisfaction comment thanks so much for taking care of everything for me. i was prepared for it to be a big hassle, but you guys did all the leg work. thanks, again! -casey submitted by casey customer satisfaction comment excellent and very professional customer service submitted by marsha customer satisfaction comment pricing is important, but fast service ie too. you do both well.i'm sorry i cannot remember who assisted me because he was great. submitted by james customer satisfaction comment very quick delivery to the uk, i have used aclens for a few years now and i'm always happy with my lenses, which are much cheaper than in the uk. thanks aclens! submitted by angela customer satisfaction comment i've been using ac lens for the past several years and am very pleased with the pricing and quick service. submitted by richard customer satisfaction comment as always, the entire experience was great-thank you! submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment awesome place, price, and great people work there! submitted by aaron customer satisfaction comment ordering online is very easy. i liked that i could fax in my doctor's prescription for quicker processing. i received my order within a week which was great. if anything, i would've loved to have received my order within 3 or so days without having to pay extra. i will continue to order from ac lens. i can't find a better deal out there! submitted by sara customer satisfaction comment my experience was great and i received order within 2 days!! awesome! submitted by lakithia customer satisfaction comment fantastic service, very quick delivery, (ordered thursday night from uk and received monday!) highly recommended and not found anywhere as cheap! thank you, liz. submitted by elizabeth customer satisfaction comment good experience submitted by ricardo customer satisfaction comment ac lens has always had competitive prices and when i have sought help, i got it in a timely fashion. excellent work! submitted by kaite customer satisfaction comment i have been using your service for a long time for contact lenses and recently purchased glasses. you have great service. please keep up the good work! submitted by john customer satisfaction comment was totally satisfied. submitted by lori customer satisfaction comment it was cheaper than my eye doctor to order from you. it was easy and well-priced. i will be back!! submitted by rebecca customer satisfaction comment a very complete service - keep it up submitted by david customer satisfaction comment great service, great prices. excellent website and options for delivering prescription. all round great experience. will reuse and recommend, in fact have recommended many times already :) submitted by deena customer satisfaction comment i have been using ac lens for over 5 years now and have always had excellent and prompt service! very cost effective also... will continue to use and recommend! submitted by diana customer satisfaction comment great service, fast delivery, cheap prices - plus a special discount for fathers day. thanks ac lens! submitted by damien customer satisfaction comment my purchase was an international order, i was shopping for a good price as contacts are very expensive here in australia but your service was awesome too. my lenses, including freight, was half the price i would have paid here.....completely satisfied. submitted by anna customer satisfaction comment with all of the reordering offers, i cannot find acuvue oaysis cheaper anywhere else. my eye doctor's office assistant even said that it was the best deal that she had heard. i feel confident i am getting the best price. on top of that, ac lens makes it so easy to reorder! submitted by denise customer satisfaction comment you guys are the best, you stand behind your product and run your business in a caring/professional way. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment very good delivery service, fast and secure. very good prices compared to market prices here in chile. submitted by fabiola customer satisfaction comment your service was magnificent. i will definitely continue to order from ac lens. submitted by cesar customer satisfaction comment thank you! submitted by john customer satisfaction comment i was very satisfied with my shopping experience. my original order was out of stock, so i thought my order was canceled. however, i received a call a few days later advising me my rx was available in a different color, so the order was processed. received it a few days later...wonderful!!! submitted by bridget customer satisfaction comment fast, convenient, and reasonably priced. submitted by suzanne customer satisfaction comment there is nothing that will improve my satisfaction. i intend to use this service as long as i wear contacts. it is a much faster than my local ordering services. submitted by lila customer satisfaction comment very positive pleasant easy experience. so happy i ordered from this site! submitted by whitney customer satisfaction comment ac lens has always been professional and courteous. customer service is the best. will continue to order from ac lens. a+ submitted by rosemarie customer satisfaction comment great experience! submitted by juliet customer satisfaction comment no suggestions. keep up the good work! submitted by elizabeth customer satisfaction comment i love ac lens!! have been a client for several years now and will keep coming back. thanks :) submitted by jordan customer satisfaction comment really satisfactory.. thanks. very good company. submitted by maribel customer satisfaction comment using usps for shipping was great. they emailed me status updates with automatic scanning. wonderful. submitted by allen customer satisfaction comment 100% satisfaction !!!! submitted by chiabai customer satisfaction comment great experience. i love that you can now take a photo of the rx and text it in! makes it very easy to send the info. submitted by sammy customer satisfaction comment i love you guys, you are professional in every way...and the delivery process is acceptable. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment always an easy order. send in a photo of rx, not too annoying reminders, and if you call -- a very polite person who has decision making abilities answers- it's not a series of automated questions that send you back to the website. thank you submitted by anne customer satisfaction comment awesome pricing & quick delivery. can't beat it. my doctor wanted $500 for the same items submitted by stephen customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased with the quality of service. submitted by regina customer satisfaction comment very fast delivery and very helpful customer service submitted by roland customer satisfaction comment surprisingly quick and trouble-free service. i will definitely be back with more orders. submitted by emil customer satisfaction comment i don't have any suggestions as ac lens is satisfactory in every way. i will order again! submitted by derek customer satisfaction comment clear, courteous representatives, prompt shipping, a pleasure to order from. submitted by edward customer satisfaction comment i was very happy to receive my contacts so promptly. submitted by magdalena their prices are fantastic, the shipping is very quick and their customer service is absolutely the best i have ever dealt with. i am very impressed with this company and i highly recommend them ! customer satisfaction comment i'm very happy with aclens. i had a small problem with my order, i used an old/inactive hsa debit card number and received an email, called customer service and they took care of the issue right away. i also scanned in my prescription and emailed it, i like that this is an option since i do almost everything via email these days. also, aclens prices are fantastic, much lower than competitors even with discounts. i love aclens! submitted by victoria customer satisfaction comment the prices are lower than at my doctors office and they were shipped faster. submitted by james d customer satisfaction comment always a wonderful experience. submitted by christa customer satisfaction comment everything was just fine! submitted by karen customer satisfaction comment i was very satisfied with everything submitted by carolyn customer satisfaction comment i appreciate the prompt e-mail response to the issue i was having with my prescription due to the optometrist's office. thank you for being so on top of things and helping me get my prescription sooner than expected. submitted by mackie customer satisfaction comment i have ordered contacts and supplies several times now. each time delivery was super fast and greatly appreciated. ordering is easy and receipt of products so quick. thank you, ac lens, for being such a great company! submitted by marilyn customer satisfaction comment this was the most pleasant experience i've had purchasing anything online in a long time. straight forward pricing, simple instructions, and super fast shipping. submitted by sandra customer satisfaction comment outstanding service! submitted by michelle customer satisfaction comment streamlined and efficient ordering process. i couldn't believe that my contacts arrived 2 days after i ordered them. this was my first order and i plan on re-ordering when i need to. i saved about $30 per box from what my doctors office quoted me. thanks submitted by sheree customer satisfaction comment i have been a regular customer for years. i have recommended your service to many friends and family members. the service is excellent, the range of products is vast, the delivery time fast and the prices are reasonable. i first found your site when i was comparing prices against competitor contacts. the lower prices got me to try your offer - the great service got me to stay a loyal customer. thank you, lisa submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment overall positive experience. prescriptions were verified quickly, received my order within a week, and most of all, you cannot beat the price. the free gold lens package sealed the deal for me. will definitely recommend ac lens to all my friends and family in the future. submitted by lauren customer satisfaction comment have used ac lens for several years for my daughter's contacts and have been very happy with their service and products! submitted by sharon customer satisfaction comment great company, very satisfied. submitted by jennifer customer satisfaction comment always a pleasure to order from you guys. pleased every time. submitted by jessica 1st time using ac lens. order glasses. saved $170 over the store i was looking at. they are perfect. came fast and the csr are very helpful. will order again. customer satisfaction comment so far everything is great. keep it up! really happy, thanks again. submitted by hsiu customer satisfaction comment i was very pleased with my experience with ac lens submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment i will definitely be saving a ton of hard earned money by placing all of my contact lens orders with ac lens! i had absolutely no problems finding my contacts & in the color that i wear, no problems navigating ac lens website, no problems with ordering, no problems with shipping, actually my contacts were delivered sooner than the date ac lens gave me. ac lens customer service is great! i am also going to start ordering my eye glasses from them. i am thrilled that i found ac lens-thank you!! submitted by tammie customer satisfaction comment as always, great service from aclens submitted by donna customer satisfaction comment very pleased with everything!! submitted by johnny customer satisfaction comment was a bit worried about purchasing prescription lenses from overseas, however i could not get these lenses in my prescription in australia. i am very happy with these contacts and the service was great. i was emailed with details of the order and shipping. i expected to wait a lot longer for delivery so was pleasantly surprised they arrived within 2 weeks. will definitely order through you again. submitted by tracey customer satisfaction comment after years of wearing contacts, i have finally found a way to purchase them that is both fast and cost-effective. other websitess through which i've ordered them are usually either more expensive, or did not have the brand that i prefer. thanks a bunch! submitted by christopher customer satisfaction comment i appreciate that customer service was very prompt and fixed any discrepancies in a timely manner to get my order processed as quickly as possible. product pricing is also lower than other lens websites. submitted by valerie customer satisfaction comment very surprised and pleased at how fast my contacts were delivered! ordered on thursday and they were in my mailbox on monday! submitted by donna customer satisfaction comment good price and easy to order. submitted by guylain customer satisfaction comment all i ask is that you keep up the good work! submitted by heather customer satisfaction comment always has the best prices. fast delivery. submitted by amy customer satisfaction comment great service and great experience. thank you. submitted by kristen customer satisfaction comment excellent team support specially from customer service, it was a very positive experience working ac lens and would like to make my future orders from them submitted by dib customer satisfaction comment great job submitted by mark customer satisfaction comment looking for the best price in contact lenses i found the website for 'ac lens'. i researched into the company & looked at customer reviews before decided to place my order. as an added bonus, i was very happy to find a discount coupon i could use for my transaction. i placed my order & was informed at every stage of what was going to happen with payment and delivery by email. i live in scotland and found the shipping fast & secure and the overall cost of my purchase saved me a fortune! submitted by carole customer satisfaction comment reliable and good prices. submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment the process was seemless...very easy and shipping was fast!! submitted by kendall customer satisfaction comment i ordered my contacts on a saturday and got my contacts by thursday! that's 4 business days! very fast and reliable! thank you so much! submitted by rosa customer satisfaction comment i'm happy that you're cheaper than the site i had been using (which i thought was the cheapest until i found you on twitter!). thanks so much for the low prices and quick shipping! submitted by shiraz customer satisfaction comment i was very pleased that your site did not have an exorbitant "handling" fee. i did some browsing at some other vision websites that offered lenses a little cheaper only to find that once i got to the checkout, the value was canceled out by the outrageous fee. submitted by patricia customer satisfaction comment absolutely love your products, prices and service!! keep doing what you're doing!! submitted by litsa customer satisfaction comment always had a great experience shopping here. orders arrive on time. customer service is excellent. submitted by sangeeta customer satisfaction comment i can't think of anyway to make it better. i was really happy with the price and the spend as well as the ease of ordering. thank you so much! submitted by judy customer satisfaction comment this company is a very reliable seller. i've been purchasing from them for 4 years. shipping is always fast. i have never had any problems. submitted by evgeniya customer satisfaction comment i've ordered from your site before and noticed that other companies were selling for a better price. after i calculated shipping costs and processing fees, your prices were better so i ordered from you again. i've been very happy with your service! submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment very helpful, good prices, fast service. submitted by william customer satisfaction comment easy order process and delivery faster than quoted. great prices, too. submitted by keith customer satisfaction comment i always have a great experience buying from your company. the customer service is excellent and the prices are excellent. submitted by frederick customer satisfaction comment the product was exactly as described and at a very good price. i was very pleased with the speedy delivery to canada. i will definitely recommend to family and friends. submitted by kelsey customer satisfaction comment i have never had contact lens orders take less than 3-4 weeks. the entire process took only 3 days from order until delivery with this company! submitted by anthony customer satisfaction comment extremely satisified. i received my order in under 40 hours which is exceptional..thank you submitted by ruby customer satisfaction comment this is the first time i have ever ordered my contacts online. the experience was very good and so easy! thanks again and i will be reordering from you as well as my family members too! beth submitted by beth customer satisfaction comment every order with this site has been exceptional. i have never had any issues ordering, with shipping, or with the customer service. submitted by paul customer satisfaction comment i am very happy with your service submitted by rita customer satisfaction comment thanks for all your help and for job well done submitted by carl customer satisfaction comment great service, never a problem submitted by kathryn customer satisfaction comment thank you for allowing me to store multiple prescriptions on your web site! submitted by steven customer satisfaction comment great prices, great shipping submitted by wayne customer satisfaction comment can't improve on perfection! thank you!! submitted by carol customer satisfaction comment i could not be more satisfied...the ordering process is very user friendly, they ship within hours, so i would highly recommend them! submitted by rita customer satisfaction comment i have ordered from your company a few times and have been very happy with the service, shipping time and price. submitted by donna customer satisfaction comment it's a delight to know you are an efficient and trustworthy online site! submitted by connie customer satisfaction comment i appreciated how you called my dr the same day to verify the prescription. the dr had actually made a small error on the copy he gave me, which rendered it unusable. your call setup was a wonderful work around to that problem. submitted by dana customer satisfaction comment received my contacts within a short period of time and my prescription works well. submitted by ernesto customer satisfaction comment extremely satisfied. customer service is perfect, fast shipping and prescription verification, good price. submitted by maria customer satisfaction comment you guys are great! low prices and fast delivery! submitted by betty rae customer satisfaction comment loved my daughter's contacts were in stock and that they were shipped so quickly! she needed them urgently for a volleyball tournament and they arrived even earlier than expected. thank you! submitted by rossie customer satisfaction comment everything went perfect, i would say don't change a thing! submitted by jeannett customer satisfaction comment i have had nothing but positive experiences ordering from here. submitted by anne customer satisfaction comment i absolutely love ordering from you. great price, quick shipping and not too many emails submitted by sarah customer satisfaction comment i am always satisfied with my purchase, the prices and the ease of navigating your website. submitted by gina customer satisfaction comment fast and awesome submitted by derrick customer satisfaction comment amazingly easy to order and recieved the order in 2 days!! cheapest prices around! i was able to get an extra box of 6 lenses for each eye (4 boxes each eye total) for less than the prices of 3 boxes for each eye through my eye doctor or other stores. submitted by marie customer satisfaction comment this was the best site i've been to yet for purchasing my contacts, and i plan on returning to you for all of my future purchasing as well. thank you. submitted by laura customer satisfaction comment keep your prices low, don't change your excellent service, and i'll always be your customer. submitted by carrie customer satisfaction comment appreciate the military discount. was pleased with the rapid shipping. thanks! submitted by michelle customer satisfaction comment very fast, reliable service. submitted by kristine customer satisfaction comment i had such a great experience. super fast shipping and great customer service! i have literally told at least 5 people already. and they have said they definitely will check it out! :) i will definitely be ordering again. submitted by glenna customer satisfaction comment no improvement needed! i tell friends that when i leave the computer, the order is on its way!! submitted by lila customer satisfaction comment when we received the broken bottle, i called. the customer service representative was wonderful. our problem was fixed within a couple days we had a new lens. this is really ideal when you have an impatient teenager awaiting the arrival! submitted by toni customer satisfaction comment i'm glad that i can now save prescriptions for multiple people on your web site. i order lenses from you for my daughter and for myself, and your site is very easy to use. submitted by steven customer satisfaction comment i have been very pleased with your company and the prices. submitted by joyce customer satisfaction comment they came so quickly! that's much appreciated. submitted by charlotte customer satisfaction comment i was very pleased to find your site was still carrying my acuvue 2 opages. every place else i checked on, no one carried them any longer. i will be placing a double order again very soon so i will have extras on hand. thank you very much. submitted by wendy customer satisfaction comment your company always offers the lowest prices, very fast shipping, and the three times i've spoken with customer service, both representatives have been extremely attentive and kind. i used to shop around looking for deals on other online lens stores but i always come back to your company! been a happy customer for two years! :) submitted by maria customer satisfaction comment always a pleasure ordering from you and the people are always very friendly and helpful. submitted by jennifer customer satisfaction comment absolutely the best price of any site i searched. and the delivery time was very fast too. i will definitely order again from you. submitted by michell customer satisfaction comment your site provides great value and service. the new order form features make it easier to order lenses for my daughter and myself. i will not buy contact lenses anywhere else. submitted by joanna customer satisfaction comment like i have said before, you guys are the best, i have no complaints. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment quick, easy, perfect!! submitted by kimberly customer satisfaction comment love your company. had a few orders that never arrived in the past but super customer service. i've recommended at least 20 people to shop here. i am a public figure and have many many opportunities to promote you and i do primarily again...because of amazing customer service and response time. much appreciated. thank you. submitted by zahra customer satisfaction comment you all have always treated me well - thank you! submitted by sandra customer satisfaction comment they very professional and helpful! the prescription i submitted did not have the physician's signature, so they quickly contacted the doctor's office for me. my contacts were shipped the very next day, and i had them that same week! submitted by megan customer satisfaction comment i wrote this review on the bbb on 2/13/2014 i've been purchasing my contact lens from this company since 2010 and have never had an issue. they promptly respond to any emails, shipping is fast, and the prices can not be beat. it is a very good company to deal with. this customer had a positive experience with this business. this customer would recommend the business to a friend, family member, neighbor or colleague. by linda w. on 2/13/2014 submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment the contacts were a bit too small for my eyes but besides that they looked great and i got lots of compliments! submitted by cynthia customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering my contacts and my children's contacts from you for several years. never had a problem. submitted by kevin customer satisfaction comment have ordered multiple times and never had an issue! great service, good prices and fast shipping! submitted by genie great shopping ! this site is by far the best contact lenses shop on the net! it's the first time i order and i am very very happy! i live in france and i could receive my order within 1 week! that's very fast! super reliable, serious and cheap! definitely the number one shop for contact lenses on the net. thanks again! submitted by philip from france customer satisfaction comment i saved $100 by ordering from you! i see and save much better with your contacts. thank you. submitted by jessica customer satisfaction comment awesome!!! submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment i liked your page on facebook, and saw your $20 off coupon. i was then actually able to take advantage of your $35 coupon. it was very helpful and came at the perfect time. i'll definitely place my next order with you. submitted by beth customer satisfaction comment acceptable delivery time. good lenses. great price. submitted by james customer satisfaction comment this is the third online order i have made and they are very prompt. i really appreciate the ease of ordering online. thank you! submitted by carol customer satisfaction comment i like the fast service and customer service when my prescription was changed. submitted by rita customer satisfaction comment great site, best prices. i check every time, but no one beats you. submitted by clare customer satisfaction comment fast shipping good cooperation submitted by dimosthenis customer satisfaction comment i received the wrong contact lens, by mistake, and i got a replacement order quickly and free of charge after sending in the correct prescription. i really appreciate that they worked with me through the process and now my son got his contact lens replaced, at half the cost of what my eye doctor charged me. i would definitely order again. submitted by joseph customer satisfaction comment i have never had an issue. i am extremely satisfied and will continue to order with them. my contact lens always come sooner than then anticipated. submitted by kortnie customer satisfaction comment you have the best prices consistently. i had a damaged lens in my batch from last year. no problem. i emailed you about the problem and it was taken care of promptly. where i get my eyes examined tried to get me to order from them but i knew you could beat their price and service. thank you submitted by katherine customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfied with your company and the professionalism of the staff. i am happy i found you and i am looking forward to more business in the future. submitted by claudia customer satisfaction comment easy, worry-free ordering. i have used your site in the past and am satisfied by the cost, accuracy, and shipping time. your site will be at the top of my list when it comes time to reorder. submitted by jennifer customer satisfaction comment i was very impressed at the speed of receiving the product and the price was the best. and you had the largest selection of brands. submitted by laura customer satisfaction comment this company is wonderful. they made it so easy to get my contacts and i saved $123 going through their company. submitted by jason customer satisfaction comment i had a great experience and got my contacts for a great price. they arrived earlier than i was expecting. thanks! submitted by courtney customer satisfaction comment i've been a customer for several years. the products and service are so exceptional, i haven't even looked for another vendor - nor do i intend to. keep up the great work! submitted by lori customer satisfaction comment you guys are still the best place in town to get contacts........change nothing..... submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment was really happy to get my order so quickly. ordered on a thursday night, got them on monday. fabulous. submitted by kimberly customer satisfaction comment i am a very happy customer! this was my first order with you but i will be back to reorder for sure and will most definitely recommend you to family and friends. thanks so much for providing me with quick service and a great product at a great price! submitted by tiffany customer satisfaction comment this was absolutely the best experience i've ever had ordering anything online period, but especially for contact lenses. great price, convenient, and a free case to boot! submitted by anthony customer satisfaction comment great, user-friendly website. no problems whatever in finding exactly what i was looking for, and then making the purchase. the package arrived in the allotted time-frame in good order. many thanks. submitted by sara customer satisfaction comment i have ordered before and was very satisfied and will order again. never encountered a problem. submitted by diana customer satisfaction comment great service! i had a new prescription that needed to be verified, not only did they verify it immediately, they shipped my order the same day so i would receive it promptly. submitted by crystal customer satisfaction comment easy process and you have excellent, prompt customer service. i'm new to ordering contact lenses online and i had initially sent in the eyeglass prescription, not the contact lens prescription. customer service was so nice and waited for me to fax the correct prescription. they answered my emails right away. you don't find that level of customer service anymore and it was a breath of fresh air. many thanks!!! :) submitted by katherine customer satisfaction comment i'll never buy contacts elsewhere again. you guys are awesome. submitted by melanie great alternative to optical shops i stepped on my glasses and bent the frames terribly. my first reaction was alarm that i had just ruined a $400 pair of glasses. but the lenses were undamaged, and i found the same frame for a fraction of the cost. four days later i had the frames (semi-rimless). i replaced the lenses myself, and tonight i have a "new" pair of glasses for under $30. next time i may consider the prescription lenses as well! submitted by anonymous customer satisfaction comment i buy a 2 year supply because ac lenses has the best prices. this is my 3rd order. keep up the good work. submitted by christy customer satisfaction comment fast efficient service, low prices, thanks again. submitted by jeffrey customer satisfaction comment consistently high standards, excellent client service - i have ordered from you for a number of years now, their people make it a very positive, easy to use company. submitted by mary customer satisfaction comment i have never had an issue with ordering, the accuracy of my order, or receiving my order. the timeliness of receiving my order has always been impeccable. submitted by scott customer satisfaction comment everything was simple and easy submitted by theresa customer satisfaction comment i heard about your company from the mike o'meara podcast. submitted by thomas customer satisfaction comment great service and best price. keep up the excellent service. we see you do care about your clients. happy new year. submitted by dario customer satisfaction comment keep up the good work.!!!!!! submitted by marvette customer satisfaction comment the lenses i use are becoming scarce, discontinued by manufacturer, so i was lucky to find them here and at a better price that the other well known online lens supplier. submitted by betty customer satisfaction comment amazing service! submitted by james customer satisfaction comment this is the perfect place to order lenses. i have no reason to consider any other source and have no suggestions for i do not know how it could be any better. submitted by lila customer satisfaction comment the person i talked to was very, very professional. she helped to answer all of my questions and went the extra mile to get my order expedited asap. because of her help she made a customer for your company. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment i have been very satisfied with the service unlike i experienced with other lens sites, and your prices are more affordable. submitted by james customer satisfaction comment like a lot of people, my contacts are something i could not live without. this site makes it so easy to order and i know i can rely on them to get me my brand of contacts promptly and efficiently. thanks! submitted by angie customer satisfaction comment i love you guys! i procrastinated and thought i would have to wear my glasses for a couple days but i received my order within 3 days! so fast, easy, awesome product quality, and perfect pricing! thanks so much! submitted by stephanie customer satisfaction comment i have always been pleased with the service i have received and will continue to have them be my supplier. merry submitted by merry customer satisfaction comment all good no problems, thank you submitted by david gv customer satisfaction comment the entire ordering process and delivery went very smooth. no complaints with my experience. submitted by claire customer satisfaction comment i have tried many different online companies but found your site to be extremely fast and efficient .i receive reorder notifications, order confirmations with tracking makes me feel i am up to speed with my order and when i am running low that is comforting as i need my lenses for work daily.when making any online order from australia it can get a little worrying as we are so far away but i have had nothing but great results all around, thank you jeff submitted by jeff customer satisfaction comment great service. fast shipping. pleasant experience. submitted by zlatko customer satisfaction comment i love your service and good value! i think i've found my new place to regularly place contact lens orders! submitted by krystal customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased with my experience with your company. submitted by sue customer satisfaction comment great service. everything went smoothly submitted by harmony customer satisfaction comment i'm extremely happy with the service i received! ordering is quick and easy (and i love having the option to receive reminders about re-ordering), the selection is great, the prices are great, and the order is always promptly delivered. i've only needed to contact customer service a couple of times during the years i've been ordering contacts from this site, and the assistance i've received over the phone both times was fast, friendly and helpful. keep up the great work! submitted by krista customer satisfaction comment this is my second order. my re-order was easy to place and was delivered quickly. i will definitely re-order from you again. thank you! submitted by debra customer satisfaction comment nice price submitted by rudin customer satisfaction comment ordering was quick and easy. the price was reasonable...1/2 of what my doctor charges. the only downside was it took 7 full days to receive my order and i was only able to pick blue. submitted by shelly customer satisfaction comment the only additional feature which would be helpful is for the patient to be listed on the receipt which comes with the lenses. i ordered for more than one family member and had to look up who had which prescription. submitted by diane customer satisfaction comment seamless, easy and a satisfying online buying experience! thanks! submitted by alex customer satisfaction comment i love your site. you have a loyal customer here. you offer great prices and excellent service. i couldn't be happier. submitted by steven customer satisfaction comment the email response was phenomenal. normally you have to get on the phone, and that's hard to do during the school day as a teacher. the email was answered quickly and it was one of the best online purchases i've made. submitted by laura customer satisfaction comment i am 100% satisfied with your prices and your customer service department. thank you! submitted by maria customer satisfaction comment you did a great job contacting me in a timely manner with the delay do to your system not accepting my apo address. problem was resolved and i got my new contacts in a timley manner. thank team, you did a great job. submitted by kenneth customer satisfaction comment easy to use ordering service, delighted to find my prescription kept on file, and great follow-up customer service telling me when order shipped and providing a tracking number. top marks! submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment i like that the price is immediatly discounted instead of offering rebates or the value on a visa gift card. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment the ordering process was a breeze and i got exactly what i requested. will definitely reorder with your company again! submitted by jessica customer satisfaction comment keep up the great work!!! submitted by leonard customer satisfaction comment price is right. contacts suit me fine. thank you. submitted by deborahline customer satisfaction comment great service. quick shipment. good communication with customer. submitted by aharon customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering from your site for a few years now. each time i have been highly satisfied with the speed of receiving my product, quality of product and the excellent customer service. your team always goes above and beyond which keeps me coming back. thank you denise d. submitted by denise customer satisfaction comment speedy delivery, free shipping, best price for my special contact lenses--all these factors made this a smooth transaction and me a repeat customer. submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment the process of ordering was a breeze and the shipping was fast. submitted by betty customer satisfaction comment very good submitted by ted customer satisfaction comment your site continues to have the best prices, fast delivery, and good customer service as compared to other online lens companies. i always receive my lens faster than ordering from a brick and mortar store, and cheaper, too. thanks! submitted by gayle customer satisfaction comment i live in australia and it still worked out cheaper even with postage than if i had bought locally. extremly happy and will order again. submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment great company, easy to order, best prices, ships straight away. submitted by ann customer satisfaction comment easy to order fast delivery happy with price submitted by judith customer satisfaction comment everything is good except the said delivery date took to long. submitted by adrian customer satisfaction comment continue with your outstanding service. submitted by dennis customer satisfaction comment fast, realiable and inexpensive. submitted by tanya customer satisfaction comment i ordered contacts for halloween and cut it quite close to the date i needed them on, however they were delivered with tons of time to spare. i was very happy! submitted by melissa customer satisfaction comment this is the second time i have ordered and it's been great. needed new lenses and they were so prompt. will always be my number one choice for all my lens orders!!! submitted by nicole customer satisfaction comment they were able to obtain and ship my halloween spooky lens in time for the company halloween party! they were a hit! thank you! submitted by jack customer satisfaction comment the time was remarkable from order to delivery! submitted by sandra customer satisfaction comment wonderful service, easy ordering submitted by pauline customer satisfaction comment best things about this site: most competitive pricing, quick shipping, no administrative or shipping fees on large orders, and excellent customer service representatives. i've ordered contact lenses two years in a row, and each rep with whom i've corresponded via e-mail has been extremely courteous and able to answer my questions promptly and completely. submitted by katrina customer satisfaction comment always a smooth process. submitted by robert jr customer satisfaction comment put in a spot that says enter coupon code here with an apply button. otherwise everything was perfect as usual! submitted by cindi customer satisfaction comment already telling others about your prompt accurate service!!! submitted by noria customer satisfaction comment very fast service. question regarding my prescription was resolved quickly with very little effort on my part. submitted by rick customer satisfaction comment i'm very happy with how easy all of this was and that everything was handled extremely fast! customer service here is awesome! submitted by jessica customer satisfaction comment again, no suggestions needed - just please keep treating us as you did this time. it's good to feel trusted and respected, and your staff certainly did that. as i said, you have a new permanent customer - us! submitted by orawan customer satisfaction comment i no longer wear contact lenses. had lasik surgery. ordered contact's for halloween costume. ease of ordering was great. will recommend to anyone. thanks again. submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment wonderful experience! submitted by brook customer satisfaction comment you have great pricing (i saved almost au$100 compared to my previous online supplier) and i was very happy with the delivery time (considering my order had to travel all the way to melbourne, australia!) submitted by matthew customer satisfaction comment what i liked when i ordered was that it was acknowledged immediately and i was kept informed at every stage. therefore i knew exactly where my order was. very good customer service. submitted by carmel customer satisfaction comment great site to order special effects lenses from. fast shipping and lots of compliments on my zombie eyes. ended up ordering a blue pair afterwards. will definitely use in the future. submitted by miranda customer satisfaction comment i thought the "r and l" stickers for the r & l lens boxes are a very good idea. many times i was barely able to read (without lenses) the power of lens on the end of the box. good job on that one! submitted by diane customer satisfaction comment i really like this company. they always have the brand that i need , and always deliver the product very fast. as long as their prices stay competetive , i will be a customer for life. submitted by amanda customer satisfaction comment i will continue to order. its easy, affordable and always have my contact prescription in stock. submitted by deane customer satisfaction comment great expierence. easy to place order and the shipping was fast. submitted by carla customer satisfaction comment i have always been very happy with the consistent fast efficient service that i receive from you. it is nice to know that there are still companies that provide great service! thank you, camille thomsen submitted by camille customer satisfaction comment i was very happy, just wished that i would have been able to see if contacts were in-stock before i placed my order. submitted by jamie customer satisfaction comment the service was right on, they contacted our doctor who wound up changing the prescription. i was notified to approve the change, which i did. thanks for that one. the order was shipped in a timely manner. we are happy with the order and service. submitted by rich customer satisfaction comment everything came as expected and on-time. will definitely use again for my reorder. submitted by tania customer satisfaction comment happy with ease of ordering. pricing is excellent. shipping took more than two weeks, which is not particularly fast, but i didn't need them in a hurry so it wasn't a problem. submitted by madeleine customer satisfaction comment excellent service!! submitted by toshihiko customer satisfaction comment i think you have an excellent system to process the orders, at least i am satisfied, thank you. submitted by jose customer satisfaction comment i was pleasantly surprised when my contacts were delivered before the expected day...i use movie and cosmetic lenses and am very satisfied with the quality of the lens...will order again soon and recommend! submitted by jennifer customer satisfaction comment i ordered from you for two reasons: 1) the cost of the contacts were reasonable and 2) the shipping was free. it always irritates me that companies advertise free shipping but when they find out i live in hawaii, it all changes. i will not order from companies that i have to pay shipping when the rest of the world gets it free. feels like i'm being punished because i live here. thank you submitted by jane customer satisfaction comment prompt delivery as always. the only thing i could think to make things better is for the prices to be lower, but realize you only have so much control over that. thanks! submitted by diane customer satisfaction comment your prices can't be beat and your shipping time is unbelievable!!! i've been a satisfied customer for many years and will continue as long as i wear contacts. thank you for your quality service!!!!!! submitted by carol customer satisfaction comment always fast and courteous - your prices are great too! submitted by jordan customer satisfaction comment very good service. i've been ordering from your company for a long time. submitted by steven customer satisfaction comment prompt service!! submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment keep prices low submitted by frederick customer satisfaction comment i ordered from your site because i received bonus 'miles' on my credit card. i would recommend you to any other customer. my reasons for using you was to get the bonus miles, but you won me over my your delivery and service you exceeded my expectations. submitted by robert customer satisfaction comment i love the fact that you are cheaper than competitors-thank you very much submitted by joleen customer satisfaction comment great prices, great variety of brands and website easy to use have recommended already to friends submitted by catherine customer satisfaction comment i can't get the contact lenses i like in the uk so having the means to buy them from yourselves is fantastic. i will 100% be ordering from you again in the future. many kind regards submitted by carina customer satisfaction comment appreciate the ease of reordering submitted by lynn customer satisfaction comment i tell everyone about your site and how great the prices are. submitted by shelley customer satisfaction comment keep up the good work submitted by derrick customer satisfaction comment the service was fine; i am not that happy with the lenses. they were theme/special and they were not nearly as cool as the pictures. submitted by samantha customer satisfaction comment shipping time and price was great. my only suggestion would be labeling the lens boxes "right" or "left". submitted by dena customer satisfaction comment fast and precise. the representative was professional and understanding!! loved the treat thanks submitted by enid customer satisfaction comment excellent! submitted by denise customer satisfaction comment excellent customer service, thank you! submitted by sandy customer satisfaction comment customer service was so helpful. my problem was fixed right away and i was sent an email with a summary of my call. submitted by kheesa customer satisfaction comment i have been using you for many years now and am very satisfied with the products & services provided. submitted by ray customer satisfaction comment great service for many many years...thank you submitted by jan customer satisfaction comment continue with your discounts and free shipping coupons...and great customer service! submitted by david customer satisfaction comment this is the only place i will order contacts. it is much faster in service than ordering from the doctor or a discount warehouse, former provider. i ordered on friday and on monday, my contacts were here!! thanks for great service! submitted by lila customer satisfaction comment i got a great deal and more options on my contacts. i also love my lens cleaner. submitted by brandi customer satisfaction comment so far so good, everything went smooth, saves me time and money.. thanks for your help. submitted by john customer satisfaction comment nothing to improve. absolutely amazing and efficient service! thank you! submitted by karen customer satisfaction comment very pleased with pricing and delivery submitted by alice customer satisfaction comment awesome , a+ could not be happier submitted by mary customer satisfaction comment a traceable tracking number would be easier to check the status of the order but in general im very satisfied. submitted by marcio yoshio customer satisfaction comment ease of ordering and quick delivery of my order...will be back to order more. submitted by thomas customer satisfaction comment best prices and greatest service around. submitted by jerry customer satisfaction comment i had no problem with the cost of the contact lenses and the shipping delays. when i recieved my lenses, the first right lens that i took from the box hurted my eye. so i took a second one that was ok. but i still have problems with my right lenses and not with the left ones. they are not lasting long enough because after 2 weeks they started to hurt my right eye(they are monthly use and the left one is still ok). i'm disapointed because i spent money on something i'm not 100% satisfied. thanks submitted by jonathan customer satisfaction comment i wish there was more coupons. i really like the savings and this is a great website! submitted by sandy customer satisfaction comment low prices compared to others. always excellent service and ultra-fast shipment, usually within hrs of ordering. my preferred contacts always on stock. low cost international postage. usps shipping (=no courier clearance fees, no customs tax in my country, greece). coupons and discounts. easy (re)ordering. thank you! submitted by spyros customer satisfaction comment good service thank-you. submitted by elizabeth customer satisfaction comment great easy to use web site. dependable shipping and accurate orders. thanks submitted by jane floyd customer satisfaction comment very pleased to know my rx was in stock. submitted by bernard customer satisfaction comment awesome service, quick and reliable! submitted by helen customer satisfaction comment i'm so happy that there was free shipping as well! thank you! submitted by nastassia customer satisfaction comment excellent quick service... as always! submitted by nancy customer satisfaction comment though coupons and sales are important, good customer service and ease of ordering needs to be part of the experience. i liked the straightforward ordering process, quick delivery and simple packaging of the contact lenses. thank you, if the prices stay reasonable, i will order next time! submitted by karen customer satisfaction comment such great prices and a very reasonable shipping fee. great service so far. thanks very much :) submitted by jessica customer satisfaction comment i have been very satisfied with their service. i do not feel anything needs to change. submitted by bedelia customer satisfaction comment extremely fast turn around time. fine company with a strong commitment to customer service. submitted by richard customer satisfaction comment i was very happy to find my special effects lenses easily available at this time of the year that wasn't halloween. they were able to ship fast and were cheaper than my usual contact lens company. i will definitely be checking this website again when it comes time to order my daily wear lenses. submitted by racheal customer satisfaction comment i had such a great experience, i already began referring friends and family! the prices are tons cheaper than other sites, which i had been ordering from for years and waiting forever to receive them after ordering. submitted by dale customer satisfaction comment good product prices and shipping prices. reordering is easy. i live in australia and will definitely continue to use for my contacts. more convenient than using my local eye doctor! submitted by alex customer satisfaction comment i had a very good experience. submitted by jeanette customer satisfaction comment the best prices i could get, fast shipping. i've been a customer for three years, and never ever has experienced any problems with my orders. thank you guys! submitted by evgeniya customer satisfaction comment the option to text-message a photo of the prescription is so easy and convenient. i've been using your site for a while now. the prices are always better than those offered by my doctor's office, and i have always been able to obtain my contacts quickly and easily. submitted by diane customer satisfaction comment very happy - thank you submitted by roger customer satisfaction comment due to it being difficult to get these in the uk, i had to look outside and the states did not disappoint. thank you submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment i am very happy with everything! thank you! submitted by raven customer satisfaction comment the service both ordering and shipping has been outstanding! submitted by james customer satisfaction comment suggestion is to send the tracking number once the company release the product. submitted by sidnei customer satisfaction comment everyone is great, informative and talk with me like we are friends............all that and i get my contacts within 3 days from my initial order........what's to change????????? submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment i really appreciated the speed that you sent my contacts. my doctor office took almost a month. the fact that you called and confirmed the prescription and sent the contacts in about 2 days was fantastic! submitted by nkemkweruka customer satisfaction comment been buying from your site for many years and never had a problem. lenses delivered quickly and as ordered. submitted by len great company! i just wanted to say how pleased i have been with you. i placed my first ever order with your company this past week and it was one of the smoothest and hassle -free online transactions i have been thru. i ordered my glasses on 7/31 and received them just 3 days later on 8/2! i was pleasantly surprised not only by the speed that my order was processed but also by the fact that the glasses arrived as a quality product and the prescription was accurate . the customer service people were very helpful when i contacted them also. i only wish other companies would follow your business model. customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased! submitted by leticia customer satisfaction comment excellent buy. fast delivery and great price. recommend and i will always buy. i wish you had some promotion or discount for brazil submitted by dennis customer satisfaction comment thank you! submitted by dinara customer satisfaction comment better discounts than the competition. submitted by adolfo customer satisfaction comment easy ordering, excellent service and fast delivery. submitted by simone customer satisfaction comment i've been ordering from you form a few years now and i wouldn't go anywhere else.if i do need to speak with customer service,everyone is always very professional and helpful. submitted by donita customer satisfaction comment i bought the new moon contacts, and they don't cover my whole iris. my eyes are sort-of red, but you can still see a lot of my natural green eye color, so they don't look very bright/ submitted by andrea customer satisfaction comment so easy to re-order. i really appreciate it. submitted by carol customer satisfaction comment reordering my contacts takes about 2 minutes and they are shipped to me within two or three days. submitted by valerie customer satisfaction comment do not ever intend to get my lens from any other company! submitted by lila customer satisfaction comment quick and painless. easily the lowest prices out there and no having to call customer service to price match and haggle like other sites! very fast shipping and courteous customer service. if you could call an internet company "like shopping in a small town where people care", this would be it! i will keep coming back! submitted by stacie customer satisfaction comment as always, the service and prices are terrific. keep up the good work! submitted by shaune customer satisfaction comment i had a very good experience: - fast order processing - good delievry timing i will order again. thanks. submitted by gina customer satisfaction comment excellent service!! submitted by toshihiko customer satisfaction comment they were sent from uk, postage price was too high in my opinion, considering deliverytime. submitted by conny customer satisfaction comment wow. i will definitely order again. couple times i ordered and it didn't go through was my fault. but i finally got the right prescription and they got it to me in a couple days. using bill me later. so it helps my pocket considering i had to get a new prescription. very satisfied. and will recommend and use again!!! submitted by nicole customer satisfaction comment keep up the good works! submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment problems occur in any business. how you respond to the problem is what keeps customers coming back. you did a great job of responding to an error. submitted by gary customer satisfaction comment i have had a good experience submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment i have been going through different suppliers for my daily contact lenses. you are the best and most impressive and they even respond on sunday. submitted by masahiro customer satisfaction comment good price, quick delivery submitted by nada customer satisfaction comment excellent service. thank u. submitted by malti customer satisfaction comment very pleased with tranasction submitted by ronald customer satisfaction comment there was a problem because i needed to go to doctor to have eye exam, before my order could go through. very satisfied with the quick delivery when i did order. i do not have any complaints, just praise. good job always. submitted by mary customer satisfaction comment great service! thanks. submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment i have been using this site for quite sometime. great service and the best price. thank-you for providing a place to buy my contacts at an affordable price. submitted by katrina customer satisfaction comment no problems at all. received my contacts earlier than expected, as always!! always receive prompt, accurate orders. submitted by cindy customer satisfaction comment i cannot remember how long it took to recieve my lenses.i do know it arrived 1 day earlier than my expected arrival date was! which was not a problem. submitted by faith customer satisfaction comment i think the price of the contacts are a little high. a lower price would be great! submitted by jody customer satisfaction comment great service! submitted by roland customer satisfaction comment very pleased with customer service superb quality, overexceeded any expectations i could of had. submitted by anthony customer satisfaction comment quick and easy to order with current contact prescription. order on sunday and received my order thursday. very fast turn around. submitted by terri customer satisfaction comment you are very professional !!! submitted by eleni customer satisfaction comment used services in the past- never had an issue- great customer service and always quick delivery! submitted by rhonda customer satisfaction comment the competitive pricing combined with your online coupons made the difference for me. i was also surprised how quickly i received my order. submitted by vicky customer satisfaction comment the service is superior!! submitted by marcia customer satisfaction comment hello! today (29.04.2013) i got my lenses. i am very happy and confident that i will make in your store of purchase in the future! thank you so much! sergey, moscow submitted by sergey customer satisfaction comment i had no issues - i don't remember why i had a question during my on-line ordering process (it's been a few weeks!), but i did, so i called customer service. not only was the rep professional & knowledgeable, she was funny & nice, too. helpful. submitted by minta customer satisfaction comment great, fast transaction submitted by byron customer satisfaction comment great service all around. went online, found my lens, placed by order, a few days later they show up in my mailbox. submitted by robert customer satisfaction comment great service- always reliable, easy to use ordering system, good with reminders too submitted by pauline customer satisfaction comment i loved it wooow!!! submitted by jonathan customer satisfaction comment y'all are great! so glad i accidentally ran into this company! submitted by francisco customer satisfaction comment excellent submitted by aurora customer satisfaction comment the lenses are excellent. very comfortable and providing an amazing vision. ac lens service's was great shipping the lenses at the same day. keep going this way always improving your service to guarantee that i'm going to receive my order. submitted by vagner customer satisfaction comment extremely professional, friendly, and cheerful customer service employees!! submitted by diana customer satisfaction comment excellent service! submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment i'm very pleased with my purchase. ac offered the lowest price on my contacts and delivered them in a timely manner. submitted by gail customer satisfaction comment excellent! submitted by sandra customer satisfaction comment i didn't receive my contacts. called customer sevice. they had a new pair sent out that same day. now that's service. thank you ac lens. submitted by june customer satisfaction comment i'm not sure exactly how many days it took to get my contacts but it was really quick- very good service submitted by christy customer satisfaction comment this is the third time i've ordered from ac lens. the service is fast and reliable and the price is much better than ordering directly from my eye doctor! submitted by daniel customer satisfaction comment i like that the shipment is free to canada. most companies do not do that! submitted by susanna customer satisfaction comment i found my lenses for less on another website but i prefer to go through aclens because of our history. it would be nice to have a price match policy. submitted by chris customer satisfaction comment great place to order contact lenses, fast shipping, definitely will order again when time for a new pair. thanks ac lens. submitted by amy customer satisfaction comment everything was excellent. my doctor was contacted promptly and my order was shipped immediately. thank you ! submitted by patricia customer satisfaction comment the availability of polycon lenses and the ability to ship internationally (to mexico)were deciding factors. the package arrived within the timeframe stated with no problems whatsoever. submitted by gail customer satisfaction comment i was nervous using an on-line company for my contact lens order but i had to try it just based on the price alone.i received email confirmations and updates. even a notification that a signature would be required for my order so i was able to change the shipping address instead of missing my delivery at home.the order arrived on-time and the quality so far is the same as what i've received from my eye doctor.i would recommend this service to others and plan to use it again. submitted by tracy customer satisfaction comment thanks for bringing my eyes sight. submitted by victoria customer satisfaction comment i liked that i could email a jpg of my rx to get it filled quickly. very happy with the speedy service, price of the product, and reliability of the site. only suggestion i would have is to send a new contact lens case with the order. thanks! submitted by allison customer satisfaction comment i will continue to order my lenses from ac lens. i am very happy with the service. ii especially the quick reorder feature. submitted by karina customer satisfaction comment very pleased with the fast delivery. i am a last minute kind of person and this is a wonderful thing for me. submitted by karen customer satisfaction comment wasn't able to fax my prescription as soon as i had indicated. was both emailed and phoned by a member of your team to make certain the fax was forthcoming. great services as always! submitted by donna customer satisfaction comment very good company, the service is very fast! submitted by elran customer satisfaction comment you are the best! submitted by jose customer satisfaction comment after shopping around and comparing prices online (and with my optometrist), ac lens had the most reasonable prices i could find. my contacts were easy to order and arrived within a week. i will definitely buy from ac lens again. submitted by marilyn customer satisfaction comment i was very happy with your service. my orders were processed and came very quickly. your website is very easy to use. it is the first time i had ordered online contacts. thank you for such good service. submitted by anne customer satisfaction comment the best price i found; very quick delivery. submitted by anita customer satisfaction comment excellent service! submitted by toshihiko customer satisfaction comment all my orders from ac lens have been most satisfactory. thank you for the prompt and excellent service. keep up the good work! submitted by r customer satisfaction comment love ac lens! submitted by christa customer satisfaction comment i've done business with ac lens for years and have been very satisfied. i especially appreciate the fact that you will contact my doctor and get my new prescription. submitted by steven customer satisfaction comment excellent service! i live in brazil and despite the shipping costs it is cheaper (and faster) to buy from ac lens. submitted by uira customer satisfaction comment reps are not only friendly but actually understand what you are trying to accomplish with special instructions on an order. helps especially when using flex benefit cards for payment. submitted by john customer satisfaction comment keep up the great customer service and prices. i will continue to use your services. submitted by thomas s customer satisfaction comment great service, great products! i have never had a problem, and customer service is always very helpful and friendly! submitted by amy customer satisfaction comment i didn't have my script available, so i had aclens contact my provider to get my script. on the website it stated it would take about a day, it took over a week. then the shipping process to several days, though it was evenutally sent express. submitted by rick customer satisfaction comment thank you! submitted by alexandra customer satisfaction comment ths was my first time that i make a purchase with ac lens and i am very happy with the result and the delivery time that my lens arrive in my house in brazil. submitted by marcelo customer satisfaction comment product took a while to get here (perhaps b/c the dr. needed to be contacted), but i would definitely order from ac lens again. submitted by rose customer satisfaction comment i'm happy already as it is submitted by gabor customer satisfaction comment i really enjoy the contacts!!! there are amazing!!! submitted by malissa customer satisfaction comment the reason why i chose you guys was pay pal submitted by craig customer satisfaction comment ordering was easy & i appreciate the discount i received. when you can order an item like this from anyone, the cost is what is my determining factor. your site with the discount was the best. thank you. submitted by peter customer satisfaction comment have always had great experience, will continue to shop here. submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment excellent service, quick and what i ordered. submitted by betty customer satisfaction comment it was a great price and free shipping. submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment - personable customer service - great pricing - fast shipping great company that has continued to impress. submitted by timothy customer satisfaction comment cheaper than buying through my eye doctor. customer service exceptional and quick delivery. submitted by patricia customer satisfaction comment i appreciate how quickly my orders are filled and how flexible and accurate you are when i need the lenses to go to a different address. thanks-- submitted by katharine customer satisfaction comment extremely satisfied. already got other people on board. submitted by todd customer satisfaction comment love you guys and such fast service! submitted by daniel customer satisfaction comment very hassle-free transaction. thanks! submitted by theresa customer satisfaction comment we always turn to ac lens and recommend to friends and family. in fact, i am an hr manager and tell my employees to use you guys too! thanks for being so reliable. submitted by jordan customer satisfaction comment very good submitted by bernard customer satisfaction comment keep the pace submitted by marcelo customer satisfaction comment ac lens is a very ggod option to international customers like me. i like this submitted by mauricio customer satisfaction comment i love how easy it is to reorder and that we get reminder emails to reorder! submitted by shawnee customer satisfaction comment excellent turnaround to aus! and fantastic being able to get otherwise unavailable contacts (i.e. coloured lenses of my brand & prescription!) thanks! submitted by amanda customer satisfaction comment ac lens is consistently great. submitted by allison customer satisfaction comment great pricing, easy ordering, and quick delivery. i really like being able to send a pix of my prescription great option. submitted by alonzo customer satisfaction comment i do not want to end up this opportunity to get in brazil, why not manufacture more here my lenses, so i suggest you do more advertising here, because i think few people know that ac lens has great prices, amazing variety and deliver super fast . congratulations! submitted by luciane customer satisfaction comment it was easy to order, prices are very competitive. when i made a mistake with my prescription, ac contacted me right away and just by replying to their email i was able to clarify the error and get my order with the correct prescription ( thanks to ac) in a timely manner. thank you! submitted by michele customer satisfaction comment i have a string of purchases from ac lens ... it gets easier every time! submitted by marshall customer satisfaction comment had always used a local eye care center for my contact needs. they dragged their feet on my order and never responded to my requests to check on order. i cancelled that order, in turn ordered thru aclens and my contacts arrived in four days. great, fast, reliable service. submitted by jamey customer satisfaction comment the only suggestion i would make (and i have made this suggestion on previous survey's) is to allow more than one order to be processed at one time. both my son and i wear contacts and it would be so much easier to process one order. currently, i have to process two separate orders, costing me more time and money in the way of shipping. submitted by jan customer satisfaction comment very satisfied! good price! submitted by marisol customer satisfaction comment have always been satisfied with your product and service. have recommended your product to several friends. submitted by jerry customer satisfaction comment there is nothing i feel that you need to change. you are providing an excellent service. submitted by amar fast and easy the ordering process was sooo easy and i actually received my contacts sooner than expected. i will definitely use this site again! i have already recommended them to friends and family. submitted by cathy customer satisfaction comment i will continue to recommend this company for its affordable prices and super fast shipping. everything from verifying the prescription to reordering, is a breeze, and this is why i will continue to be a valued customer! thanks! submitted by jonathan customer satisfaction comment solve the problem with order in euro! submitted by jean-yves customer satisfaction comment please continue to carry focus progressive lenses submitted by paula customer satisfaction comment love the convenience of having my contacts shipped directly to me as well as the promptness of my delivery. submitted by debra customer satisfaction comment i recommended your site to all my friends! submitted by andreanne customer satisfaction comment been ordering from you for years. you guys are the best! submitted by audrey customer satisfaction comment i was in general very satisfied, i just expected my lenses sooner as i paid for express shipping. submitted by eleni customer satisfaction comment ordering my contacts was very easy. my prescription was verified with my doctor quickly and i received my contacts in much less time than it takes when i order thru my doctor. i received the contacts in three days after placing my order. i will definitely be reordering from ac in the future. submitted by ernesto customer satisfaction comment this was my first time ordering with ac lens. i found the process easy and both reps i spoke with helpful and knowledgable. in addition to pricing as a priority factor, i also value company reputation and quality of the people they hire. submitted by m. cathy customer satisfaction comment it is so easy to reorder contacts, but it is not as easy to input a coupon code. a designated coupon code box would be a nice addition. your customer service was extremely prompt in responding to my request to apply my coupon code. very helpful and courteous. doing business with your company is delightful! submitted by nancy customer satisfaction comment josh was incredibly helpful and i greatly appreciated his assistance!! i will continue to order my lenses from ac lens as i have been very happy with the pricing and service. submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment i have ordered by ac lens for a long time and greatly appreciate the quick and expertise response you delivered. thank you, sharon barr submitted by sharon customer satisfaction comment a very happy customer! i used to order from quicklens-not any more! submitted by chen customer satisfaction comment i am really happy that ac lens delivers to apo addresses and without any problems. i wish more websites would deliver to apo addresses. submitted by amy customer satisfaction comment quality products with great pricing!!! i'm so glad i've order my toric contact lenses through this company. i brought the 4-pack for each eye of course lol and the amount that i paid for this order was a great deal. previously i paid about the same amount for just one pair of contact lenses ( the same type and brand) at another place. wow! i'm a happy customer and will always order from this place..all smiles!!!! submitted by nancy customer satisfaction comment very happy with the price and delivery of my contact lenses! submitted by shirley customer satisfaction comment seal up your shipping box better. mine was pulled apart and boxes of lenses could have easily slipped out. submitted by william customer satisfaction comment exceptional service submitted by jackie customer satisfaction comment shopped with ease and that is the way i like to do business. submitted by rita customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering from ac lens for years and the service and prices are very competative. the order only took about 10 days and that was over the christmas and new years holiday season. submitted by cheryl customer satisfaction comment i was happy with all aspects (pricing was good,turn-around,ease of ordering). especially appreciate your handling of my prescription info with the dr's office. very convienient. submitted by gary customer satisfaction comment keep on doing what you are doing! excellent service, excellent prices, easy ordering and reordering. submitted by deena customer satisfaction comment fast reliable service. discount coupons available including free shipping offers. website very easy to navigate submitted by lois customer satisfaction comment the only suggestion i have is for you to set up different profiles within an account. i order for multiple family members and would like to be able to save their subscription information even if i order for another family member between orders. submitted by diane customer satisfaction comment thanks lifetime customer here submitted by danny customer satisfaction comment the delivery time was excellent and very much appreciated in this hectic holiday season. thank you. submitted by ann marie customer satisfaction comment very pleased with pricing and service. submitted by larry customer satisfaction comment satisfaction as always, no problem at all. just i was surprise how package wasn't closed so well, but maybe it's because of tax control. thank you submitted by veronika customer satisfaction comment great service. ordered my lenses and they arrived within 5 days. wow. submitted by robert customer satisfaction comment perfect service and faster than any other place i order from online. submitted by lila customer satisfaction comment nice to do business with ac lenses submitted by james customer satisfaction comment excellent - this is the second time i've ordered from ac lens - very satisfied both times - quick delivery and great prices. will definitely be ordering from ac lens again. submitted by hedva customer satisfaction comment i consistently receive incredible service. my contacts are always delivered in a speedy manor. i'll always use this company for contacts and will always refer a friend. keep up the great work! it's rare to have such wonderful service these days! submitted by laura customer satisfaction comment couldn't believe how quickly i received my lens! thank you! :) submitted by teresa customer satisfaction comment i have never had a problem eith ac lens.i appreciate the free shipping offers. i suggest special offers be made available for loyal customers. submitted by molly customer satisfaction comment been using you for years. i am a happy customer. thank you for the excellent service. submitted by david customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering contacts from ac lens for quite some time now, and have been very happy with them! submitted by cindy customer satisfaction comment fast, accurate, and they had my brand! it couldn't be easier to get my prescription to them too. thanks, ac lens! submitted by andrew customer satisfaction comment thanks for your service.... my optometrist wanted me to order contacts through him, because he felt his contact prices were competitive but when he compared with the prices you offer, he suggested that i continue to use you.... so i like the service and have used it for a number of years. submitted by gayle customer satisfaction comment keep up what you are doing. i know it costs but how abt. a lens case with the purchase of years supply of lens submitted by thomas customer satisfaction comment didn't take long to ship, worth the money & loved the colors. submitted by minerva customer satisfaction comment good description, very good price, free shipping. easy tu use on youy web site submitted by richard customer satisfaction comment i was very surprised how fast i got my order. loved how affordable they were! thank you ac lens one happy customer submitted by natasha customer satisfaction comment a great service. it is easier to re-order. the lenses come quickly and cost me a quarter of the price that i would pay at an opticians. submitted by jonathan customer satisfaction comment easy ordering and cheaper than most websites! submitted by kevin customer satisfaction comment the only problem i encounter ocasionally is that the lenses do not last very long. sometimes, they only last one or two days. they really should last about 1 1/2 to 2 weeks. other than that, the customer service is great, the product is more than timely and i believe your company does a great job. thanks. submitted by diane l. customer satisfaction comment great transaction. thanks! submitted by jeanine customer satisfaction comment i love using ac lens! the prices are great, shipping is speedy and the customer service is excellent! submitted by kim customer satisfaction comment great price; easy to order; fast shipping. no problems at all. submitted by melinda customer satisfaction comment it would be perfect to have a special field for discount/coupon entering during the checkout. submitted by nataliya customer satisfaction comment awsome all be ordering soon customer service was very knowledgeable thanks, submitted by carla customer satisfaction comment love u guys! fastest delivery always! submitted by shanta customer satisfaction comment i was extremely pleased with my purchase. was well attended by all the people who had contact. for sure i will return to buy at ac lens and will recommend to people nearby. glauco - brazil submitted by glauco henrique customer satisfaction comment price and shipping matter most in determining where i order from. so far very happy. submitted by nooshin customer satisfaction comment excellent overall experience! submitted by dave customer satisfaction comment thanks for every thing submitted by offir customer satisfaction comment good service,good price. submitted by edward customer satisfaction comment very pleased with ac lens and will be using them again. pricing as well as product availability is important to me and ac lens had both! submitted by rebecca customer satisfaction comment all great, fast shipping good products and prices! submitted by lorena customer satisfaction comment none at the moment..my order arrived much faster than i anticipated! submitted by marilyn customer satisfaction comment fast shipping, great prices, stock always on hand which makes for a great buying experience, will definitely purchase again. submitted by julie customer satisfaction comment very good service, received before i was expecting. will buy more! submitted by stefan customer satisfaction comment i would like to be offer a coupon code for free shipping without having to reach the $99. it would be a nice way to say thank you for retuning customer. submitted by maria customer satisfaction comment thank you all so much. i live in belize, central america & am a missionary & foster mom to belizean girls. i do not get "home" to the usa very much so you are a blessing. you shipped the contacts straight to me here & they came without damage or incident. thank you for meeting my vision needs, you are appreciated. submitted by michelle customer satisfaction comment i hope the all lensess be with power and can do the coustom lense by order and power thanks alot for a good service submitted by abdulrahman highly recommended ive been buying my 1-day disposables from ac lens for over a year now and will continue to do so. and heres why: very competitive prices option for low-cost international shipping, no need for expensive courier services coupons for discounts excellent service and always very fast order processing & shipping great selection and availability of different brands submitted by spyros customer satisfaction comment no you have great service every time! submitted by pauline customer satisfaction comment i will definitely reorder our contacts from you next year, if your pricing is still competitive on the products we order. it's very important to us that shipping is free and that you don't include any service charges, because these are not reimbursable expenses through our vision discount plan. the coupon code i was able to find online produced huge savings. your customer service rep with whom i spoke was excellent. online ordering was super easy, except the coupon code part. thank you! submitted by katrina outstanding service yet again! your service is amazing! i only placed my order 9 days ago, and it arrived today - in auckland, new zealand! fantastic! submitted by deb customer satisfaction comment you offer excellent rewards when i order from your site through bbva compass rewards program. submitted by dustin customer satisfaction comment it was quick and easy to order my contacts. plus, there is a great selection. i'll definitely be ordering more in the future. submitted by michelle customer satisfaction comment really appreciated the emails updating me on the status of my order as it progressed through each stage of the acceptance and fulfillment process. submitted by peter awesome overall experience i love your web site. very easy to navigate, very easy to order. your staff are always very helpful and cheerful as well. my order arrived incredibly quick, i live in new zealand. the products and prices are just awesome. i have since recommended your web site to all my contact lense wearing friends. i am so glad i found your site. thanks!!! submitted by shirlz best deals and awesome service you guys by far offer the best deals and the most awesome service. i ordered some freshlook colorblends toric. they were made in super quick time and then delivered in 8 days which is awesomely quick to get to new zealand. the customer service is top notch and always helpful. you guys are brilliant and i have recommended your web site to lots of my friends. thanks again. i'll be back (again!!). submitted by shirley customer satisfaction comment very good and detailed cooperation, nothing more needed submitted by dimosthenis customer satisfaction comment excellent service. will use again. submitted by keith customer satisfaction comment i am extremely satisfied submitted by bjorn customer satisfaction comment i was very happy with my experience with your company. i ordered from someone else because of a groupon, and their service has not been nearly as satisfactory. i will be ordering from you from now on. submitted by benjamin customer satisfaction comment you always have great service!!!! i will always use your company when i need to purchase more contacts! submitted by laura customer satisfaction comment i have checked with a couple other online companies and your prices are the best! thank you! submitted by julie customer satisfaction comment couldn't be easier or more straightforward submitted by micheal customer satisfaction comment best place ever for contact lenses submitted by kristin customer satisfaction comment great experience! submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment thankx for a great product. looking forward to doing future business with you submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment no complaints - very satisfied with entire process. thanks. submitted by frances customer satisfaction comment i was extremely pleased with ease and promptness. submitted by scott customer satisfaction comment the effects lenses are great but are just really expensive. more promotions/discounts/coupons would be nice. and a more accurate picture of the actual lens would be better especially for the effects. take a picture of the lens and another one on a model. submitted by china customer satisfaction comment my experience was ok i think you should offer a discount to repeat customers submitted by david customer satisfaction comment i appreciated the great communication and customer service. will use you guys again! submitted by jessica customer satisfaction comment i have ordered contacts online for about 10 years. this was my first time with this site, and now its the only one i'll go through. online assistance and very fast shipping, plus a better selection of lenses. the sites i used in the past don't carry my prescription anymore for some reason. the only have like 1.00, 1.50, 2.00, and so on. i need 3.25 and 3.75. overall, i will recommend this site to everyone i know submitted by blake customer satisfaction comment i was leary at first but a csr called shortly after placing on line order and informed me of changes, prescription and then order was placed and shipped. submitted by luille customer satisfaction comment i received my contacts sooner than i expected and i was extremely happy. submitted by ngozi customer satisfaction comment i love the service and think it's great. unfortunately i always have to pay taxes on the products when i receive them abroad. i dont know if there would be a way around that, but that would make a big difference to the price for me. thank you anyway for a great service! g submitted by giulia customer satisfaction comment was my first shop on this shop and the experience could not be better. submitted by william customer satisfaction comment great service keep it up submitted by kerry customer satisfaction comment i buy from yourselves in the states instead of in the uk because the price of the lenses are much lower and i receive them within approx. 8-10 days which suits me. i find it easy to order off your website too. many thanks, chris owen. submitted by christine customer satisfaction comment great service!! really no wait at all. will order again when needed. submitted by kimberly customer satisfaction comment my order arrived quickly, even though it had to be put on hold for an overdue prescription. when i renewed my prescription, i got a reply very quickly that my order was good to go. submitted by geoff customer satisfaction comment i have been buying from ac lens for years, i always find them reliable and i always receive my contacts very very quickly. i have recommened them to many friends and will continue to do so. thanks submitted by elaine customer satisfaction comment always what i ordered and quick shipping! submitted by regina customer satisfaction comment my lens had were on backorder but customer service got in touch with me to see if that was okay. i had no problems with that. glad they checked to see if it was okay. thanks for your service. submitted by kimberly customer satisfaction comment was very easy to do, thanks submitted by alan customer satisfaction comment it was all lovely. just lovely. <3 submitted by sydney customer satisfaction comment you guys are always spot on, both with order accuracy & shipping speed. plus your prices can't be beat. there is no reason for me to shop anywhere else..!!! submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment the only thing that we can say was wrong was that the amethyst contacts did not color my eyes at all. so i was disappointed about that. every thing with the ordering was great. submitted by samantha fast response! excellent customer service! i have ordered my prescription today and immediately been impressed with the response time. within an hour there were multiple people contacting me about my order! everything was very professional and pleasant and i was honestly surprised at how quickly the transaction went. i am hooked now and will forever order my lenses from ac lens! submitted by tiffany p. customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfied with my purchase. product + shipping costs half price (comparison with my country, brazil, where the taxes makes everything too expensive). i will certainly order again from aclens. submitted by claudio best customer service and delivery time i have been a customer of ac lens since 2007. the customer service has been nothing but stellar every time and the few times i've had ordering glitches, customer service always came through. the delivery time of the products, even though i am overseas at an apo location, has been extremely fast. i personally would like to thank amy and stephanie for their customer service. thank you ac lens. submitted by andrew customer satisfaction comment i order my daughters cooper vision toric contacts from ac lens at a great price. she probally would not be able to wear contacts with out your great prices. thanks!!! submitted by angie customer satisfaction comment i order my daughters cooper vision toric contacts from ac lens at a great price. she probally would not be able to wear contacts with out your great prices. thanks!!! submitted by angie customer satisfaction comment ac lens is the best contact lense company that i have used. best prices and extremely fast delivery! submitted by gabriel customer satisfaction comment better than expected in price and delivery. thank you! submitted by stephen customer satisfaction comment easy, fast, and excellent!!! will absolutely be reordering from ac lens! submitted by patricia customer satisfaction comment the white out contacts i ordered are fantastic. they definitely add a big time scare factor at the haunted house i'm at. i will definitely be using you guys again. submitted by ryan customer satisfaction comment ease of ordering, quickness of accurate order, use of bill me later, i have nothing more to ask. submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment i felt your prices were very good, your customer service was excellent because i previously reordered my old prescription in error and they immediately canceled it for me. submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment terrific customer service....very pleased! submitted by nina customer satisfaction comment love it would i would have found earlier submitted by james customer satisfaction comment the price was less than my provider and the ordering was easy and fast. thanks submitted by fernando customer satisfaction comment what stood out about my experience with aclens is: 1) how fast i got my contacts - (awesome!) 2) how i was informed of the status of my order at every step in the process i plan to use them forever. submitted by russell customer satisfaction comment you have the best service of any online product that i buy. i can't get this kind of lens service locally and my husband is ready to order from you next time he needs lens. your products, service, emails,.....surely no one has ever had a complaint! submitted by lila customer satisfaction comment i used to order my prescription contact lens from 1800contacts but the price of your contact lens are cheaper than theirs. i also received my order in a very timely manner. i just wish that you give a free contact lens case just like 1800contacts. thank you! submitted by jennifer customer satisfaction comment best price for contacts and super fast shipping!!! i will continue to get my contacts through ac lens!! submitted by stacy customer satisfaction comment great, fast transaction. no problems and would highly recommend. price was so much better than any retail that i inquired with. thanks you! submitted by shawnda customer satisfaction comment when checking out, allow to enter promo code in a separate box and have a validate button so you immediately know if your promo code is valid or not. submitted by rejean customer satisfaction comment i really appreciated the $5 coupon submitted by joanne customer satisfaction comment i was very satisfied. i only ordered a 6 month supply, but will defintely be ordering what i need for the next 6 months. submitted by deborah customer satisfaction comment i found aclens from lensbob. com submitted by kris customer satisfaction comment i ordered on september 7, 2012 (friday) and received on monday, september 10, 2012. speedy delivery. i liked that. i did when ordering check of the area for a free lens container and did not receive it. not that important to receive thelens container, but the contacats were a must. i did not see the area to check of to place the code svsavi to receive my $5.00 off my next order. submitted by joann customer satisfaction comment my doctor asked about this site . . .she was surprised by the price. she wears the same kind and said she might be ordering from you!! submitted by marilyn customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased with your company and service. thank you for your promptness in getting my lenses to me and fair prices. submitted by alvin l. customer satisfaction comment great job and fast delivery...thanks! submitted by victor customer satisfaction comment i have always wanted he blackout contacts with my perscription n i had seen that it was possible to get them like that with this website n my order came in super fast basically 3 days before t said it was going tobe here amazing!!!! will be my number 1 place to shop for my contacts can count on that... submitted by joshua customer satisfaction comment i have been purchasing my lenses from ac lens for several years, and i am never short of amazed at how incredibly fast they process and ship my orders!! they have also saved me hundreds of dollars over the years, which i am especially thankful for! i will most definitely continue to recommend this company to others! submitted by misty customer satisfaction comment best service & prices i've found. that is why i keep coming back. submitted by neil customer satisfaction comment i have been purchasing my lenses from ac lens for several years, and i am never short of amazed at how incredibly fast they process and ship my orders!! they have also saved me hundreds of dollars over the years, which i am especially thankful for! i will most definitely continue to recommend this company to others! submitted by misty customer satisfaction comment perfect exactly what i need! i will do business with you again! submitted by keven customer satisfaction comment ac lens provide an excellent service at all times. all staff are polite and helpful and resolutions to problems are found promptly and dealt with swiftly. ac lens customer service department is a prime example of how a customer service dept should be run. it's a pleasure doing business with ac lens. niamh (ireland) submitted by niamh customer satisfaction comment i was urgent, and your company was very perfect. i have no problem and i will buy lens from yours again and again. thank you. submitted by subi customer satisfaction comment everything simply perfect! submitted by nicole customer satisfaction comment i love ac lens! i save a ton of time and money whenever i order my lenses. thank you! submitted by jacqueline customer satisfaction comment i have been happy w ac lens for many years! thank you! submitted by jan customer satisfaction comment when confirming my son's prescription with our doctor's office, it was determined the doctor wrote the wrong number on the prescription. had i taken this to a store in which the prescription wouldn't have been verified, he would have had the wrong contact lenses. i received both an email and a phone message from ac lens to notify me of this and get my approval to continue the order. great customer service! submitted by jodi customer satisfaction comment satisfied with my experience with your company. submitted by sue customer satisfaction comment i received a reply from customer service in the middle of the night. i am very impressed. submitted by kimberly customer satisfaction comment can't beat the prices and service. thank you submitted by jan customer satisfaction comment very easy to order and shipped super fast. would like to see more prescription len's in the special effects options. submitted by kelli customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering from ac lens for years and i have always had good service. i would not consider ordering from anyone else. submitted by mary customer satisfaction comment very happy to shop with you submitted by styliana customer satisfaction comment what a wonderful experience! i searched on "cheapest contact lenses" and found your site. so glad i did. i will be a customer for life! submitted by claudia customer satisfaction comment i received my order in 6 days,i cant believe it. i thank you so much. submitted by emine mina customer satisfaction comment i have never recieved such fast and efficient service! ac lens has the best selection, prices, discounts, and service! i will continue to shop here and will continue to recommend to my friends and family. submitted by marisa customer satisfaction comment great experience submitted by marie customer satisfaction comment like the price, delivery, availability, speed and customer service. i don't have any issues. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment i have been wearing contacts for 15 years.....this is the best pricing i have ever found. customer service was great with one small problem i had, they solved immediately. product was here in a timely manner. thank you, thank you, thank you!!! submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment i was shocked how quickly my lenses were shipped out and recieved. good job!!! :-) submitted by robin customer satisfaction comment your price was half of the "cheap guys" price. submitted by sarah customer satisfaction comment make sure,keep my prescription is up to date.if it's about to expire, please remind me to re-order lenses. thanks. submitted by alexander customer satisfaction comment a+ service!!! will be back for another order!!! submitted by benton customer satisfaction comment you're doing quite well, keep up the good work! submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment i had used clearlycontacts before and assumed they had the best prices - i did a quick internet search before reordering this last time and discovered ac. same product, 30% cheaper than clearlycontacts - only down side was having to wait 1-2 weeks for my order (although mine came in 5 business days), however, i don't find this to be too big an inconvenience. great stuff - very happy with your service and i've already recommended to a few friends who i know were also clearlycontacts customers. submitted by stephen customer satisfaction comment my order was well done and prompt. submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment great prices, reasonable shipping, quick service submitted by pauline customer satisfaction comment great discounts and help with rebates. submitted by tejinderpal awesome! i ordered some white out contacts for special events. but most websites do not offer to put power in them, or if they do, it cost twice the price. on aclens i was able to order good quality contacts at low price! even if i live in canada, i received them 1 week later! fast shipping, low prices, good quality! i'll order from them again in the future! submitted by deb customer satisfaction comment awesome service in a timely manner. love that you answer emails right away. thanks! ~teresa green submitted by teresa customer satisfaction comment i'm very happy that i'll find ac lens because i was looking so long the best lenses and the best seller. thank you all :) submitted by kamila customer satisfaction comment i was pleasantly surprised by the immediacy of the delivery. submitted by danilo customer satisfaction comment ordering process easy. allowed discount from previous order even though it had been 3 years! arrived super quick! submitted by gayle customer satisfaction comment i am very happy with your company and have not had any issues with orders. submitted by shannon customer satisfaction comment this shipment seemed very fast i am just guessing on the 4 could have been less seemed like wow they're here already?! submitted by judith customer satisfaction comment i continue to use aclens because of the ease and convenience. if i do have an issue (which is extremely rare), your client service reps are very helpful. keep up the great work! i recommend you guys to everyone i know that wears lenses. i would be very interested in finding out how to order glasses through your service...do u use the same prescription? submitted by jordan customer satisfaction comment i love ac lens! you have the best prices and service around. i'm very happy i found your site. submitted by krista customer satisfaction comment this is the second year in a row i have ordered from ac lens. i am very pleased with the service!! submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment i can say only that ac lens is the best. submitted by valerian customer satisfaction comment this time, you didn't include the contact lens holder. not a big deal, but i liked it. i've been ordering from ac lens for years! fast, reliable, and the contacts are always fresh and perfect. submitted by lucille customer satisfaction comment better lens cases might be a plus. on these cases the lids tend to pop back open too easily after you closed them. submitted by mark customer satisfaction comment they are doing very good! submitted by lucia customer satisfaction comment goodgoodgood submitted by min customer satisfaction comment great very happy submitted by frances customer satisfaction comment fantastic service! submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment i have no comments. the shipping went perfectly. i am very satisfied. thanks for a great and fast service. submitted by susanne customer satisfaction comment i am so happy that my prescription was verified. it had changed since i originally ordered with ac and when i hit re-order, the old rx came up and i didn't realize it. i was contacted to give me the chance to change my order to the current rx. thanks submitted by kathryn customer satisfaction comment this is my second order and although i was impressed with cost and shipping the first time, my second ordering experience blew that one away. my prescription was verified within a few minutes of placing my order with a shipping confirmation sent later that same day. i was also shocked and impressed that my order arrived so quickly. it was literally a few days! i have family members who order from other online contact lens suppliers and i keep telling then to order from you. submitted by jennifer customer satisfaction comment very satisfied, rapid service, iwill use and recommend you again submitted by mirta customer satisfaction comment i've always had great experiences using ac lens! the ordering process is super easy and my order always comes really fast! submitted by kristina customer satisfaction comment i can't seem to get the $5.00 credit to apply before i make the purchase. tried it on two different orders. thanks for the offer. i'll try again next time i reorder. submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment i got my contacts in a reasonable time and at a great price! submitted by anthony customer satisfaction comment i was a bit worried in placing order, because i live in brazil. to my surprise, it was perfect, and i am recommending aclens to my friends, and will place new orders in the future. thank you and congratulations! submitted by vitoria customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfied with ac lens. submitted by carol customer satisfaction comment nothing to improve. i'm very, very happy........ submitted by sharon customer satisfaction comment great lenses, awesome prices, fantastic website, fast delivery, and customer service second to none - - - it doesn't get any better than this!! submitted by richard customer satisfaction comment i loved the fact that i could text you a copy of the script. such a time saver. submitted by sharon so glad!!! i had cataract surgery last year and was told that i only needed "reading glasses" (magnifiers). of course, being frugal, i went through about 1/2 dozen "grocery store", and "discount department store" reading glasses. i was frustrated because nearly all of them were not the right magnification and i constantly had headaches. i had one pair left and called my ophthalmologist and he suggested i try a better grade of lens such as foster grant and named a few others. i found ac lens on line that had foster grant readers and order three pair. i am so pleased with these glasses...they fit comfortably and the magnification is perfect! as a bonus, they come in a really nice "snap-shut" hard case to protect them. thank you ac lens...i will be your customer forever! submitted by judy bruno customer satisfaction comment i was very impressed with the ease of ordering and the quick delivery of my lenses. i have been ordering from 1800contacts for a few years now and thought i was getting a good deal, but you have even better pricing and lightening quick delivery! i will definitely recommend ac lens. submitted by maryann customer satisfaction comment very positive experience! easy ordering system, best price around. lenses were very well packaged and shipped the same day i ordered them. even with standard shipment they arrived well ahead of estimated delivery date. thanks! submitted by barry customer satisfaction comment always excellent service. thanks. submitted by emily customer satisfaction comment good prompt service, good value - recommend to others submitted by jean customer satisfaction comment i have never had a problem with aclens. i will always order as long as things continue as the have. thank you for the quickness and good prices. submitted by priscilla customer satisfaction comment i'd order again simply for the price. but i will know to be wary of the customer service. submitted by megan customer satisfaction comment i appreciate that the process is simple, delivery is fast and service staff have always been kind and helpful. submitted by russell customer satisfaction comment always very helpful.issue resolved swiftly. a company very professional and excellent to deal with. submitted by elaine customer satisfaction comment i had been buying locally through bj's discount store and had problems more than once........and they never in 8 years got my contacts to me as quickly as you did. no more bj's. submitted by lila customer satisfaction comment i ordered from canada due to the savings in the us and whilst i do not know the exact number of days it took for the lenses to arrive, it wasn't long and the order was smooth and fine. zero complaints, just good service. submitted by alan customer satisfaction comment i appreciated how quickly customer service reps responded to my emails and resolved the problem with my eye doctor! i've never had faster service! submitted by alisha customer satisfaction comment staff is very effecient and friendly. submitted by rebecca customer satisfaction comment all good submitted by neil customer satisfaction comment great selection, prices, and contacts arrived very quickly! i have already recommended ac lens to friends. submitted by naomi customer satisfaction comment your company meets & exceeds my expectations. thank you for such great service. i've been a customer now for over 6 yrs. diane submitted by hal customer satisfaction comment i was very impressed how the shipping was expedited from the manufacturer. submitted by alfred customer satisfaction comment when i placed my order, i noticed that a $20 rebate was available, but did not know that i needed to request a form to file to receive the rebate. i had to call back and am waiting to receive the form from ac lenses. i think it should be explained more clearly on the website as to how to receive a rebate. submitted by angela customer satisfaction comment i place my order which was an easy process and received them much quicker than i thought i would...very happy... submitted by lynn customer satisfaction comment excellent service, would recommend and use again. thank you! submitted by heather customer satisfaction comment have purchased several times for my daughter. have been very happy with pricing, as well as incentives offered & prompt ship. will def continue to reorder & do recommend to family & friends whenever the chance arises. submitted by bonnie customer satisfaction comment have been ordering from ac lens for years. love the pricing and the offers for rebates, which i've received and used twice already :). much cheaper than at the dr.'s office. fast & free shipping is a plus as well. thanks ac lens! submitted by jenna customer satisfaction comment you guys are awesome! other businesses should take note. great job- what a treat to have people doing it right for a change. kudos! submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment i was disappointed that my contacts took so long to get here when i paid an extra $12 shipping to get them here faster. i wonder if it was actually worth it. fed ex did not do a good job as they said they were unable to deliver the package but i was home! it just ended up being a very frustrating experience. next time i'd rather use costco & just pick up in the store. submitted by lynn customer satisfaction comment your prices are great and your online site is easy to use. i love ac lens submitted by kim customer satisfaction comment love how fast my contacts arrive and that you confirm my prescription for me! makes it easy! submitted by nancy customer satisfaction comment within 1 or 2 weeks i usually receive my orderded contacts. that's very fast , especially when you imagine that i live in the netherlands! submitted by matthijs customer satisfaction comment i've been buying contacts from your company for a few years and i'm always extremely satisfied with the product price, shipping costs, and processing time. i've always received the product within a few days. i've recommended your company to family and friends and will continue to do so. keep up the good work. submitted by angela customer satisfaction comment a rare, positive internet shopping experience! submitted by val fullove customer satisfaction comment i wasn't expecting my order to get to my house so quickly!! thank you!!! submitted by ariana customer satisfaction comment it has saved me hundreds of dollars getting my contacts through you than from my dr. i like the fast service and the codes for discounts that are sent. thanks for saving me money! submitted by alana customer satisfaction comment i have been using ac lens for a few years and have had consistently reliable and efficient service throughout that time.the quality of the service has ensured that i have the utmost confidence in the company. thank you submitted by agnes customer satisfaction comment you guys rock. i have always been extremely satisfied with your personnel and your service. i usually get my contacts in three days or less, but this time it took about 5-6 days. submitted by terence customer satisfaction comment i originally ordered because if price comparison, however, the expedience and helpfulness of getting my order processed and then the quick delivery was a pleasant surprise! submitted by karen customer satisfaction comment great service and communication. thank you so much. submitted by mary jane customer satisfaction comment keep up the good work. love my contacts!! submitted by beverly customer satisfaction comment i saved money as a first time buyer plus free shipping. works for me. submitted by margaret customer satisfaction comment i have never used a mail supply for contacts before but your company did a great job and i am a convert. they made sure i had entered the prescription information correctly by checking with my doctor and still got the lenses to me surprisingly fast. submitted by gayle pitcher customer satisfaction comment fast and easy!! great prices submitted by todd customer satisfaction comment you rock!!! :) submitted by shanta customer satisfaction comment due to my current location in the world, aclens has become a priority rresorce for obtaining contact lenses for not only me but for my wife as well. when other people from the military base where i'm stationed at ask me where do i get my contact lenses from, without any hesitation, i tell them to go to aclens.com. thank you again for such outstanding service. submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment overall, i am very pleased with my contact lenses and would order from ac lens again. please send more coupons. submitted by michele customer satisfaction comment i coulden't find any better prices anywhere, and i'm happy about the choice! good products and fast shipping. thank you! :) submitted by christoffer customer satisfaction comment found ac lens through the united.com website (airline miles partner) and was pleased to see that the prices were lower than any other online retailer. i will definately use ac lens again. submitted by e. michael customer satisfaction comment ac lens is my go to for lenses. great prices and service. submitted by luis customer satisfaction comment complete , quick , precise evry time w/ a reminder and coupons! can u ask for better service? good luck finding it. # well done! submitted by shayne customer satisfaction comment ac lens is hands-down the best online experience when ordering contact lenses. i have never had any issue or hold up in any order and prices are competitive. submitted by paula customer satisfaction comment this was my first time purchasing contacts online. the only site i knew of was 1800-contacts. their price was ridiclous so i decided to look around. i accidentaly found ac lens, and it was great. you had the contacts i needed for alot less and the shipping was very fast. thank you... submitted by iliana customer satisfaction comment great service. keep up the good work. have passed your company details on to friends and family for them to use also. submitted by jennifer customer satisfaction comment my experience was very good and i am totally satisfied submitted by joan customer satisfaction comment i've been using ac lens for the past 5 years and have refered several people and will continue to do so. submitted by neil customer satisfaction comment great!!! submitted by vasiliy you guys are the absolute best!!! you guys never fail to amaze me. i have been a customer for years and i continue to be impressed with the fast, reliable service that i receive. i had totally new prescription, had no idea what it was and you still managed to get the proper information, have the product shipped to me with a few days, and best of all, you kept me informed every step of the way about what was happening with my order. great customer service and great prices.......you have won my heart. thank you all! daphine johnson (chicago) submitted by daphine johnsonn customer satisfaction comment great prices and fast delivery. submitted by mary customer satisfaction comment your regular price for my perscription was $20.00 less per box than 1-800-contacts where i use to purchase from. i will definitely continue to order from you. thank you. submitted by nancy customer satisfaction comment excellent products, excellent service every time! submitted by ann customer satisfaction comment love ordering my contacts from your company. i especially love the personal communication that is felt when i get e-mails also. submitted by deborah customer satisfaction comment i really like you guys.. if you guys could get my order here in 3 days instead of 4, id love you guys forever.. never go anywhere else.. submitted by radhika customer satisfaction comment good! safe, comfortable and kind service :) submitted by chang customer satisfaction comment very timely! shipped asap! was very surprised to receive in such a short amount of time! great service! thank you! submitted by kristine customer satisfaction comment pleased with your customer service for years.. i rarely take time to email compliments but this is my first... never a fuss with your service, never any problems and always available stock. thanks, ac lens! my air optix and freshlook colors came early! mahalo and aloha from the islands of hawai'i! submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment your customer service staff are especially competent and helpful. submitted by chris customer satisfaction comment perfect service, perfect follow up with customer, very easy ordering and re-ordering, prompt delivery....no improvements, keep up the fantastic job!!!!!!!!!! submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment keep up the good work! submitted by steven customer satisfaction comment thank u thank u submitted by rebekah customer satisfaction comment your company is great! you always ship the contacts the same day. submitted by beth have no doubts ac lens.great company to deal with,prompt delivery first class service will use again. submitted by andrew customer satisfaction comment the lens arrived sooner than promised and i was extremely pleased! thank you very much. it's always a pleasure ordering from you. submitted by evelyn customer satisfaction comment my order was to the uk. i was really impressed with fast shipping and the lenses are almost half the price of uk lenses (exactly the same brand) submitted by emma customer satisfaction comment love the service and prices. thank you submitted by maria customer satisfaction comment i'm a repeat customers who have never had anything but smooth and fast ordering and delivery experience! submitted by ken customer satisfaction comment you guys make it very easy to order contacts! submitted by christy customer satisfaction comment the only problem i encountered is a small tear in one of my lenses and that is not your fault, so i will just return it......but you guys are doing a wonderful job... submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment the order before this one had some faulty lens and ac replaced them promptly at no charge. because of this positive experience i re-ordered from ac when i got my new prescription. submitted by sheila customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfied with ac lens service and products. orders are on time, prices are unbeatable and selection is great.it would save time if i could compare prices of similar products without having to toggle between multiple pages. i would also appreciate an email if the products i buy, or similar products, go on sale. submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment i have been using ac lens for several years now and i cannot fault the service. the site is easy to use and the delivery service is excellent even taking into account i an an overseas customer. our prices are second to none and cannot be beaten. submitted by alison customer satisfaction comment i was very impressed! i found your site from mr. rebates and decided to give it a try. i didn't even have to send you my prescription form, you checked it out with the dr. yourself--very nice! submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment i was pleased with the entire ordering process and cannot think of any ways to improve it! submitted by teresa customer satisfaction comment please charge vat up front so we can see what we are paying and make an informed decision. please add the rate of vat in different countries so we can see how much it might cost. submitted by roger customer satisfaction comment great service! submitted by donna customer satisfaction comment i have ordered contacts from ac lens may times because i have always found their prices on my contacts to be the lowest. i wear an odd colored contact and they always have them in stock and i normally receive my contacts in just 2 or 3 days. the shipping costs are very reasonable and i will continue reordering with them. submitted by shannon customer satisfaction comment one of the best run companies on the internet. very helpful staff, attention to detail, and quick delivery are but a few of the attributes that make this the only place where i would order my contact lenses from! submitted by gene customer satisfaction comment very impressed with your quick service. submitted by josephine customer satisfaction comment i have ordered several times and will order again. easy and efficent. submitted by katherine customer satisfaction comment everything was great! submitted by dennis customer satisfaction comment i've dealt with ac lens for years and have had good experience with them, even including when one lens i received was damaged. ac made good on the lens immediately. nice to deal with a reputable company that stands by its products and has real customer service. submitted by mark customer satisfaction comment very user friendly website, easy to reorder as prescription info. already saved from last time. submitted by maria customer satisfaction comment very good service. submitted by larry competitive price with speedy shipment! wow, got my order 2 days after i placed it online. and it's free shipping! i did my research online and ac lens offered the most competitive price for my contact lens. submitted by anonymous customer satisfaction comment fast and convenient! submitted by carol customer satisfaction comment we heard about you from your ceo, reade fahs, at the annual meeting of berkshire partners. he was very convincing that we should try you out. submitted by evelyne customer satisfaction comment i will gladly deal with ac lens again and again. best price and best service on the net! submitted by dimitris customer satisfaction comment you've never disappointed me yet! submitted by valerie customer satisfaction comment the best website for buying contacts at great prices both for lenses and for shipping! submitted by jurica customer satisfaction comment terrific company!great prices and availabilty for my very high prescription. i also like the fact ac lens double checks with the eye doctor since this was my first time ordering this type of lens. submitted by judi customer satisfaction comment great experience! submitted by sandra customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfied, and do not have other comments. keep up the good work! :) submitted by helene customer satisfaction comment only had one problem with past order where left/right prescriptions was mixed up. but that was corrected quickly and no other problems since. very satisfied with overall experience and service. submitted by rex customer satisfaction comment loved the product, very satisfied customer! product arrived according to the estimate delivery date, which is really good. i would maybe just hope that it would arrive in 10-15 days. but overall, great customer service. i really appreciated all the updates regarding my order, i really felt like customers are taken seriously and looked after eventhought it's online! will definitely reorder with you! submitted by julie customer satisfaction comment thank you for the speedy shipping. i faxed in my prescription and received my contact lenses 5 days after ordering. very happy with the whole ordering process, from beginning to end. submitted by vicky customer satisfaction comment i had no problem ordering my lenses, received them super quick and would order again in a heart beat. submitted by lauren customer satisfaction comment great selection, great pricing, and arrived ahead of schedule. just what i needed. submitted by joan customer satisfaction comment excellent !!! submitted by zoran customer satisfaction comment in addition to coupons and discounts, i appreciated the ease and efficiency of the process! submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment very happy with how fast i got my order and i liked how i could check out with amazon, made it so much easier. submitted by gina customer satisfaction comment i'm in australia and have been buying my contacts from you for a few years (don't remember how many). it's a combination of things: price postage price delivery time never any hassles whatsoever order and goods always perfect no stuff-ups you name it - all good keep up the good work guys sheridan submitted by sheridan customer satisfaction comment everything perfect! submitted by nicole customer satisfaction comment trs contente d'avoir reu mes lentilles qui ne sont plus en vente en france... submitted by le bleis customer satisfaction comment the combination of great prices, good reviews and brand of lenses. submitted by melinda customer satisfaction comment you provide an excellent service. no hassles, reasonable prices, great selection of brands. have not been happier with an online purchase! submitted by rishon customer satisfaction comment i loved how quick and easy my contacts were to order and recieve and the color is awesome, the only problem is i didnt know i had to order only one box i thought there were one contact to a box so i ordered 2 and got quit a few contacts, all in the same color which if i had known i would have ordered a few colors, and no where on the site does it specify the is a pair to each box. submitted by sherry customer satisfaction comment user friendly website. quick delivery. well packaged. submitted by jacqui customer satisfaction comment excellent service, ordered from canada and took 2 week for the order to arrive. contact lenses are as i expected. accuvue oasis. will order again. submitted by sebastien customer satisfaction comment excellent experience recommended to family and friends! submitted by joanne customer satisfaction comment i purchased the b&l purevision 2 hd contacts. the packaging did not mention the hd like the picture. a disclaimer would have been nice, since i wasn't sure whether i received the correct lenses. i called b&l directly and was reassured that it is the correct packaging, that the hd part of the logo is still being approved submitted by cynthia customer satisfaction comment excellent. submitted by ray customer satisfaction comment my doctor refuse to review my contact information but aclenses took care of it and they shipped them within the week frame. i am extremely satisfied with my order and the price was great. i research for days were i find inexpensive lenses and aclenses had them. i do encourage people to supply their vision for aclenses.com submitted by airet customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering from you for years and have been more than happy with the sevice, how ever now with the british customs, i am slightly hesitant to reorder as it put such a delay on the order, again not your fault submitted by audrey customer satisfaction comment i was always satisfied with my orders. if any problem arose sales representants soled it quicly. unfortunately, our country changed the law and imposed vat on shipments from usa, thus, ordering lences from us is not advantageous any more. submitted by ivana customer satisfaction comment ac lens offered the best over all pricing including shipping in comparison to 1800contacts and vision direct. website was secure, user friendly and offered a $5 discount promo code which was great. order was received in a matter of days since i faxed my prescription the same evening that i placed my order. i definitely will reorder from ac lens and recommend ac lens to anyone. submitted by connie customer satisfaction comment i always check your prices when i need to order lenses. when compatible, i order! the handling is always great! submitted by tetiana customer satisfaction comment i will continue to use you for contact lens purchases. good job! submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment thanks for your speedy service & low prices! submitted by rosario a customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering my contact lenses for over a year now and have been extremely pleased with the easy ordering process and quick delivery, usually overnight. i have referred family and friends to your site and they have been pleased as well. keep up the great work. regards, lois submitted by lois customer satisfaction comment excellent service submitted by kathryn customer satisfaction comment hope to get $50 rebate soon. overall, good experience... submitted by carolyn customer satisfaction comment coupon/rebates a must,and your service was impeccable. good doing business with you. clay nicholson submitted by clay customer satisfaction comment perfect! fast shipping, great price, easy-to-use web site. submitted by allan customer satisfaction comment great experience with ac lens! surpassed my expectations with expedient shipping and a military discount. submitted by eric customer satisfaction comment super fast shipping, thank you. great price as well. hope to use again. submitted by stephen customer satisfaction comment this was my first time ordering contacts online so i was somewhat apprehensive but yet excited. the apprehension was put to rest from the beginning because i was provide with updates from the time i placed my order until the time the order shipped. submitted by debbie customer satisfaction comment reorder process was not clear online submitted by lavada great service!!! i love my freshlook colorblends toric(gray) contacts...i am very pleased with aclens,very great customer service. will definetely be purchasing again in the future... submitted by victoria great service!!! i love my freshlook colorblends toric(gray) contacts...i am very pleased with aclens,very great customer service. will definetely be purchasing again in the future... submitted by victoria customer satisfaction comment i loved the way the system kept my prescription and doctor information. it made reordering so easy. submitted by nancy customer satisfaction comment great way to get contacts. submitted by ronald customer satisfaction comment i bought some prescription swim goggles from you in the past, so now that i wear contacts i thought i would try to order them from you see how it goes. fantastic!!!!!. it didn't hurt that the lenses were on sale! so a box of these lenses which would be $50 at walmart were $27 from you. yikes, that was a real treat. i sent my order on monday, they shipped that afternoon, and were in my mailbox on wednesday morning. can't ask for better!!!! thanks ac lens.....i'll be back! submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment ac lens has the best prices and special offers.thank you! submitted by emma customer satisfaction comment everyone is nice and service is very quick, it's hard to improve on that. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering for some time from ac lens and i find the service is always excellent. thanks a million. deirdre submitted by deirdre customer satisfaction comment great time on the order, thanks submitted by sueanna customer satisfaction comment second time ordered. great, prompt service. thanks. submitted by gail customer satisfaction comment highly satisfied - keep doing what you are doing!! submitted by chris customer satisfaction comment straightforward. fast delivery (to the uk). easy repeat ordering. this was my third visit - recommended company! submitted by fiona customer satisfaction comment overall great price, fast shipping. can't complain! thanks! submitted by caitlin customer satisfaction comment recently my prescription changed and my eye doctor switched me to new contacts. i looked them up on several other websites first and then came back to ac lens where my lenses were least expensive. i've called your customer service one time and found the agent very friendly and knowledgeable. i don't see a reason to ever order from somewhere else. submitted by julie customer satisfaction comment thank you for a great experience. i've never had to wait long to get my contacts in! submitted by melissa customer satisfaction comment i cant remember evr receiving anything ordered fromt he states being delivered so quickly. thanks ac lens, you guys will always have my business. submitted by stephen customer satisfaction comment lenses were delivered quickly, and ordering was hassle free. submitted by gloria customer satisfaction comment i saw the special offer in my e-mail, 10% and free postage, yet when i ordered the free postage was only for usa costumers. i felt this was not properly advertised. submitted by tricia customer satisfaction comment ac lens is the place where i order contacts...and has been for many years. it's simply outstanding. submitted by amy customer satisfaction comment excellent! submitted by miosotis customer satisfaction comment everything was perfect other than the fact that i was charged customs duty on receipt of the items. (i live in the uk). i was not expecting this to happen. i also feel that uk customers are further disadvantaged as we are unable to claim any of the rebate services you operate. an incentive to compensate for these disadvantages would lead to me becoming a regular customer from you. submitted by atchuthan customer satisfaction comment well done guys submitted by viktoria customer satisfaction comment customer services was excellent! they gave me all the additional steps and advices i needed to do the rebate and such. submitted by ger customer satisfaction comment everything was great submitted by nicholas customer satisfaction comment i was apprehensive about ordering polycon rpg lenses on- line, but the experience proved a good one. the contacts are comfortable and my eye doctor is pleased with the fit. i've reordered another pair...thank you! submitted by sandra customer satisfaction comment i have been a repeat customer for a couple of years now and don't plan to change. your prices and service has always been the best, so i don't even price shop anymore when i need to reorder contacts! submitted by tracy customer satisfaction comment i enjoy getting the frequent discounts to aclens.com it motivates me to continue business with them! submitted by kaylyn customer satisfaction comment i was very satisfied with the service and glad to get the 5 dollars discount. submitted by halina customer satisfaction comment very easy to order, reasonable pricing, and quickly confirmed and shipped. very satisfied with the service and pricing. submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment i am very happy to buy from aclens. aclens is a serious business i can trust with excellent customer service and the right prices. that's why i keep buying from aclens for 7 years now. thanks to aclens! submitted by maria customer satisfaction comment i heard positives reviews about you on the web-site that deals with virtual shopping. i am very glad that finally i could find such a good internet shop! submitted by elena customer satisfaction comment easy to reorder and great prices as always! submitted by lisa superior customer service my boyfriend and i just recently ordered some special effects lenses (angelic yellow and lestat). after tracking my order and seeing that you were still awating rx verification from my eye doctor i called them to see if they got anything from you, they hadn't gotten a fax or phone call so i called customer service to inform you that my doctor hadn't gotten anything and representative i spoke with not only told me when you sent the first fax but also sent it again while i was on the phone. i work in a call center type setting myself and i was so impressed with the service i received that i am now making it my personal goal to be a better customer service reppresentative. submitted by megan k. customer satisfaction comment another factor was discounts/coupons. great customer service. there were questions emailed to me right after placing order. customer service was excellent in picking up errors in my order. everything was handled in expeditious manner. submitted by mary ellen customer satisfaction comment contacting customer service was a pleasure. it's so refreshing to be treated as a real person by a real person! submitted by jan customer satisfaction comment the order process is a bit tricky. i don't recall if and where the discount code was inputted therefore i don't know whether i received the discount or not! submitted by tatsuya customer satisfaction comment excellent service submitted by lorraine customer satisfaction comment wonderful experience with ac lens! this is my third order and i will continue to order from you. submitted by janice customer satisfaction comment customer service so much better than expected. i deal with customer service companies every day at my job in a medical office, and this service was by far the best i have experienced in a long time!!! submitted by sherry customer satisfaction comment keep up the great work! submitted by judy customer satisfaction comment fantastic service, reasonably low prices!!! and best of all hassle free. i am truly impressed! submitted by rafael customer satisfaction comment ac is the best place to order lenses. the customer service is just wonderful, delivery is prompt always, and you're right on top of the process with all the e-mails regarding status of the order.....just keep doing what you're doing...no suggestions for improvement, everything is perfect ! submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfied with the ease promptness of this experience. thank you submitted by christa customer satisfaction comment very happy wiil use again. submitted by randy customer satisfaction comment it was very pleased with the ease and quickness of the on-line ordering. the confirmation was received by the time the script finished being faxed. when compaired with other on-line sites, ac lens was about $10.00 cheaper. i will continue to be a return customer for myself and my family. thank you! submitted by mary great service i would definitely order from ac lens again, i got my shipment delivered to canada in 7 days! and the price was unreal, almost half the cost of getting it from the supplier! submitted by anonymous customer satisfaction comment good prices and good service submitted by diane customer satisfaction comment simple, easy, and fast submitted by edward customer satisfaction comment "love the ease of doing business with ac & great prices" submitted by beverly customer satisfaction comment get rid of the coupons/discounts or make them automaticly come off the order. submitted by gorden customer satisfaction comment always a pleasure ordering from ac lens submitted by chanel customer satisfaction comment i've been ordering from you for years, always happy with price, delivery time, customer service. i plan to be ordering from you for years to come! submitted by joann customer satisfaction comment have used you for years - very satisfied - thank you for your service submitted by rita customer satisfaction comment i love ac lens! ^_^ submitted by nealy customer satisfaction comment the price is the best i have ever found- thank you!keep sending the incentive sales and bonuses submitted by jan customer satisfaction comment ac lens is top on my list! i will definitely order from this company again. the price is competitive with the rest of the lens companies on-line but the service is extremely top notch. i ordered the contacts and had them in approximately four days in my mail box. you can't beat that for customer service. i've already recommended ac lens to my family and friends that wear contacts. submitted by gina customer satisfaction comment i have placed many orders with ac lens and been happy with every experience. during my latest checkout, i missed the area to apply a discount. customer service applied the discount post-order with no problems. i appreciated this immensely and with customer service like that, will continue to order through ac lens. submitted by bradley customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering from ac lens for a couple of years already. extremely satisfied with the service and ease of placing an order. submitted by andrea customer satisfaction comment my only complaint is that i have to pay for shipping to canada. most other on-line lens sites do not charge for shipping. other than that, your site is easy to navigate and you carry the lenses i prefer. submitted by larry customer satisfaction comment prior problem with glasses you sent, not caused by you, and you were great! submitted by mrs. michelle customer satisfaction comment product arrived earlier than expected. i received e-mails every step of the way from processing, contacting my eye doctor to confirm my prescription, through shipping and delivery. also, bonus stars for providing the best price when compared to other stores and online suppliers. submitted by bryan customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering contacts from ac lens for many years and have never had a problem. they are great. submitted by m. louise customer satisfaction comment fast and efficent. no problems, it doesn't get any better than that. submitted by katherine customer satisfaction comment i like the idea of getting a discount on my contacts. i also like to wear colored lenses sometimes (which my eye doctor okayed). colored lenses are not necessary but fun! getting a discount on my whole order makes it easier for me to justify the cost of my colored lenses. i also appreciate that my regular lenses (air optics night & day) are cheaper here than at any of the other places that i have checked and previously ordered from. i also like how quickly my order is processed and sent. my last order was placed on a thursday and i received my order on the following tuesday. less than a week and i got free shipping! thanks ac lens............ submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment b&l multi folcal lenses were shipped direct from manufacturer. previous experience, when shipped direct from ac lens orders were received much quicker. but still like your service. tks, hc submitted by hal customer satisfaction comment easy ordering and quick delivery. thank you! submitted by neal customer satisfaction comment honesty and integrity, are two of my biggest demands. as long as i am dealing with a company that has these qualities i am happy. submitted by marcela customer satisfaction comment experience was wonderful! contacts i needed were available and reasonably priced. customer service was polite, very helpful, and extremely professional. delivery was extremely fast. great job!!! i will be ordering from you again. submitted by kelly customer satisfaction comment ac lens makes it so simple to reorder and know it will be received quickly and correctly. thanks! submitted by carol customer satisfaction comment this past year i've been wearing your freshlook colorblends lenses in gemstone green, and i get tons of compliments as to how natural they look. then, i tell them i have brown eyes. its great!! lori submitted by lori customer satisfaction comment because of your excellent service, i will prob always use you. submitted by katie customer satisfaction comment love ac lens. i tell everyone about it! submitted by christa customer satisfaction comment this is an awesome price!! the website, just come up out of no where. i was typing in 1-800-contacts, where i've previously ordered them, and that's the last time since ac lens is so much cheaper. i've already recommended it to a colleague! submitted by brett customer satisfaction comment i love ac lens. always helpful. always prompt. took returns once when prescription changed. good coupons. good service. great prices. submitted by carole customer satisfaction comment is really good company reputation,easy reordering good price, l likeee thanks :) submitted by graciela customer satisfaction comment love the service! prices seemed a little high...but enjoyed the convenience. submitted by angela customer satisfaction comment fantastic service. i still can't believe how quickly my contacts arrived here in japan. thank you! submitted by samantha customer satisfaction comment great, as always. submitted by zoe customer satisfaction comment amazing! submitted by gudelia customer satisfaction comment every thing came as ordered and in the specified time submitted by stephen customer satisfaction comment love your company! every order is always easy, and shipped quickly! you have a customer for life! submitted by laura customer satisfaction comment everything went as planed submitted by john customer satisfaction comment to be able to exchange is great. thank you submitted by patricia customer satisfaction comment extremely fast delivery, lowest prices found, and free shipping. couldn't be more satisfied. thank you! submitted by chris customer satisfaction comment very happy with this website. will order in the future for sure! submitted by allison customer satisfaction comment good reliable service as always have recommended my sister who is also delighted with your service submitted by gillian customer satisfaction comment no comments as i am perfectly happy submitted by eileen customer satisfaction comment the sevice was goood, the purchase come quickly. the price was good, but the price of the shipment was expencive. submitted by yair customer satisfaction comment i am constantly recommending ac lens to friends. your pricing is great, delivery time is great, and your customer service staff are great. i have been using ac lens for a number of years and have always had super service. submitted by edward customer satisfaction comment by "ease of reordering", i'd say the most important part was the ease of confirming my prescription ... i didn't have to get involved at all, ac lens called my doctor and took care of it without having to contact me. thanks! submitted by gayle customer satisfaction comment i have been using ac lens for quite some time and i have never had a problem with my order or customer service. i recently contacted customer service to find out if i could return un-opened boxes because my prescription had been changed. without hesitation, they efficiently processed my request and the amount was credited to my cc act. good service like this is hard to come by and i will continue to use ac lens services for a long time to come. submitted by camille customer satisfaction comment add to your faq that no insurance (vsp) is accepted. i'm satisfied with the prompt response to my email question on this topic. learned about ac lens thru my corporate work perks program. submitted by janis customer satisfaction comment have used aclens for sometime and it's always been easy and no issues. will keep using. submitted by debbie customer satisfaction comment i've always had good experiences with ac lens. the issue this time arose when i accepted the invitation to buy when i received the renewal notice. even though my prescription had not changed, your system somehow had a prescription in its database from two or three years ago, which is the prescription that auto-populated. i had only just visited my eye doctor, who informed me that there were no changes, so i clicked on "buy" and that gave me the wrong lenses. it wasn't a big deal because i buy two weeks in advance of when i run out, but it could have been a big deal had i been needing lenses immediately. all taht said, i'd encourage you to look at the computer system to determine where that bug exists and get it out. thanks! submitted by billy customer satisfaction comment i was delighted and couldn't beleive i'd get my order so fast. thank you so much for your prompt service. submitted by betty customer satisfaction comment thanks - my 15 yo daughter always waits til the last contact to tell me to order more....thanks for the quick shipping! submitted by hayley customer satisfaction comment i was very impressed with the customer service. i received several emails keeping me informed of what was happening with my order. when i called, the rep was very friendly and helpful. i got my contacts within two days of ordering. i would definetly recommend and use you again. submitted by jamie customer satisfaction comment you seem to know how to contact dr., and get a prescription shipped faster than anyone else! thank you for excellent service. submitted by david customer satisfaction comment i was very impressed since i mailed my order in and i still received my contacts in 5 days. i am recommending my boyfriend too. submitted by fawn customer satisfaction comment my lens were not in stock which made my order late. i did not cancel the order because the company kept me informed, were honest with me, provided great pricing, loved the web site and order process...efficient, simple and the process of following my order. you have my business in the future. i have been wearing contacts for 5 years and you will have my business. thank you. submitted by bonnie customer satisfaction comment you guys are the best. thank you for everything, and making ordering so easy. submitted by karen customer satisfaction comment excellent service! the pricing was competitive and the order was processed within hours and shipped asap. i really liked the timely manner of my order. best online service. submitted by david customer satisfaction comment i dont see why you have to contact my dr. i'm a big girl, i can read a few letters and numbers on a box. in this economy people are dropping their insurance, but still need to see. submitted by jessica customer satisfaction comment tracking is not available for an international order. despite this i'm really satisfied with the seller. submitted by dmitry customer satisfaction comment just as mentioned before ,please let me know if there are offers ,discounts ,free shipping. thank you so much sinan submitted by sinan customer satisfaction comment customer service was great! submitted by debra customer satisfaction comment order processed quickly. good communications in that i was kept informed of order progress at relevant times. items matched ordered goods. great service. submitted by annette customer satisfaction comment great site with great prices! will definitely order from ac lens again! submitted by sharon customer satisfaction comment ordering from ac lens is very easy, convenient and cheaper then purchasing lenses from my eye doctor. the extra discount codes made it cheaper on top of the low prices. submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment very easy site to use - 4 family users - would be great if discount offered for family member use submitted by troy customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfied with the ordering process and the fast shipping and delivery. submitted by sue customer satisfaction comment over all i am satisfied with the service. i how ever paid extra to receive my contacts early. and they came 9 days after i ordered. i paid for 3-5 days. when i didn't receive them on a wednesday (the 3rd business day) i was hoping to get them by the 4th or 5th. and they didn't come. i had to wait another 3 days thru the weekend to get them! i feel like if i pay for the service then i should get them in the time frame i paid for! submitted by kim customer satisfaction comment uk customer. first time i have used ac. excellent service and value. submitted by keith customer satisfaction comment products arrived well in advance of estimated time of delivery, even though they were being shipped abroad. i have always received excellent service. submitted by sara customer satisfaction comment everything went fine....thanks submitted by cynthia customer satisfaction comment awesome awesome submitted by wanda customer satisfaction comment i have been using ac lens to supply contact lens since 2004 at a rate of a little more than once per year and have not used any other supplier. i have recommended ac lens to others in the past. the reorder process is straight forward, the website and personal account history are good and shipping times are very resonable to canada. thanks. submitted by al customer satisfaction comment i will only order if my contacts are on sale. submitted by dawn customer satisfaction comment i appreciate the coupons you send! submitted by lynna customer satisfaction comment keep it up! and thanks. submitted by donald customer satisfaction comment please continue the discounts and sales prices submitted by peggy customer satisfaction comment we were very satisfied, but whether we reorder again would be based on product pricing in addition to shipping/handling costs at the time we need to place another order. we currently have three contact lens wearers in the family....so we hope that you continue to have the best pricing. thanks! submitted by cori customer satisfaction comment i have not used the product that i ordered yet but the ordering process of reciept of my product was seemless and timely. your people communicated with me without my requesting them to. you kept me abreast of the status of my order when you didn't have to. i appreciate that. as long as i am happy with the product that i ordered i will be sure to return when i need something again. thank you. submitted by shawn customer satisfaction comment prompt shipping friendly and knowledgeable customer service. submitted by gloria customer satisfaction comment should be a faster mailing time from usa to australia. as an example, another order from the usa around the same time took <10 calendar days (although freight cost was higher (large shoe box size). submitted by adrian customer satisfaction comment what a great company aclens is! i've been ordering from you for years and have always been very happy with everything about your service. mark, london submitted by mark customer satisfaction comment great brands and prices submitted by wanda customer satisfaction comment price, including shipping and handling, was about the best that i could find. submitted by curtis customer satisfaction comment i did not like the fact that i had to re-enter my medical provider information when i have been ordering from this company for quite some time! submitted by lena customer satisfaction comment this was by far the easiest time i had ordering something online and i received my order in 2 days!!! i would highly recommend you guys to anyone i know that uses contacts!!! submitted by kristin customer satisfaction comment i've used you for a number of years and your service has always been superb. thank you. submitted by jeffrey customer satisfaction comment i had this same order placed with a competitor. after five business days, they were still processing my order! so i canceled their order. they didn't even contact me to see what was wrong. anyway, i shopped online and discovered ac lens; placed my order; faxed my prescription; got a quick email acknowledgment; my order was shipped the next day and i received my order three days later! and ac lens was less expensive than the competitor that i canceled with. submitted by connie customer satisfaction comment i was nervous about ordering my contacts online, but this experience showed me how easy and efficient it can be. the best part was ac lens contacted my doctor, so i did not have find a way to get my prescription to ac lens!! the contacts came much quicker than expected and ac lens had the best price. i shopped around both on the computer and locally. submitted by rebecca customer satisfaction comment great carrier; they had the contacts i needed for a great price and i recieved them right away(about 3 days). will order from this company again. submitted by monique customer satisfaction comment the ordering & delivery is always the best. ac lens ships the fastest of anything i have ever ordered online. submitted by kay customer satisfaction comment you folks do a great job...thanks submitted by stan customer satisfaction comment service was excellent/ great follow up with my dr on the prescription. lens are terrific. i was having trouble getting polycons 2's and you guys got them at a great price. i will be ordering future lens from you for sure. thank you!!! neil submitted by neil customer satisfaction comment the only disappointment was that after receiving numerous emails promoting a $5.00 discount off my next order, plus the $5.00 coupon i received with my last purchase and then when placed the order, i was told that the $5.00 discount wasn't redeemable. not cool. other than the above, the product, the service and ease of the process, was very satisfactory. submitted by denise customer satisfaction comment i recently used ac lens for the first time & was extremely satisfied with the entire process. not only were the contacts the lowest price, but i received them in just 2 days! (i had to wait 2 weeks when i ordered from my doctor!) also, my prescription did not specify my brand, and i had guessed when i ordered since i did not have the box with me at the time. luckily, customer service contacted me to verify because they would've been the wrong ones. i will definitely order from ac lens again. submitted by tracy customer satisfaction comment i have always been very satisfied with your service and have been using you for a long time now. submitted by belinda customer satisfaction comment all was great, lenses even came faster than anticipated! do continue to maintain low prices - even lower, please! many of us (i had mine delivered to bulgaria, eu) have to pay an import tax/vat (in my case 20%) over goods sent from outside of it... would there be any possibility to establish an affiliate of your business overseas in order to share or cut the cost of the import tax/vat? to the q "how likely it is to reorder from ac lens?" i answered "6" only as i am uncertain how much higher the grand total of my purchase would be after paying the tax/vat. otherwise, i would have gone straight ahead to "10"! overall, it was unbeatable online shopping experience and all of your customer service reps were brilliant! keep up the good work! if you can state more obviously that you are unable to call outside the us to verufy prescriptions, it will further speed up the whole process. submitted by dimiter customer satisfaction comment great company, great prices, great selection, great service! submitted by richard customer satisfaction comment the price on the contacts was lower thru your company than the company i usually use. the free shipping and $5 off next order were bonuses on top of that! submitted by sharon customer satisfaction comment i would highly recommend (and have) ac lens to friends and family. customer service is great as are the prices. submitted by shannon customer satisfaction comment ac lens is on the ball, can't believe how fast they ship :) submitted by amanda customer satisfaction comment you guys did a ok job. submitted by christopher customer satisfaction comment i've been ordering from you for something like 7 years now. you've consistently had great prices, fast processing and great customer service. your people are very responsive. i don't even think about shopping anywhere else. submitted by rishi customer satisfaction comment ac lens is great! when i was ordering from 1-800-contacts, first of all it cost more, but also i was getting more damaged or missing lenses in the cases. i have not had any trouble with ordering from ac lens! thanks for being so dependable! submitted by jill customer satisfaction comment very glad to have business with ac lens. fast shipping, a wide choice of products, good price. submitted by mariia customer satisfaction comment although it is legally a part of the united states, we live in guam. some companies even forget our existance and can not choose it when entering our address. we expected late delivery and even non-delivery. but we received our products in 7 days (including the day we ordered). ac lens had our brand, fast shipping and delivery, the pricing was right, free shipping costs, everything was to our satisfaction. we have already recommended ac lens to our friends in guam and will definitely be re-ordering from ac lens in the near future. very impressed. submitted by ken customer satisfaction comment have always ordered from ac lens and have always been extremely satisfied. submitted by margaret customer satisfaction comment ac lens is great. i've ordered twice using your service and found the prices to be the best and shipping was excellent. keep up the great work! submitted by julie customer satisfaction comment great experience! prices more reasonable and even faster then ordering them from your own eye care specialist! submitted by kellie customer satisfaction comment everything was good! submitted by nhu customer satisfaction comment great experience. it's all good! submitted by lisa customer satisfaction comment aclens has the best pricing the best products and most of all the best customer service! submitted by jahmal customer satisfaction comment new catalog of contact lense tool or equipments in the mail box may be better. submitted by kazuhito customer satisfaction comment everything was fine except that when i came back for my follow up i did not receive a copy of my prescription other than that everything and everyone was great. submitted by antionetta customer satisfaction comment my order shipped the same day i ordered. very efficient and fast - impressed! submitted by susan customer satisfaction comment i really am satisfies with my order in ac. it was really fast shipping and i really am happy with my contacts....i will really come back n buy them more :) submitted by jazmin customer satisfaction comment service is always correct and much faster than 1800 contacts, which i used to use. glad i switched. submitted by k customer satisfaction comment i know i get the same contacts from you as i would get from my optician, and at a better price. when shipping is free and the lens price is cheaper, who wouldn't shop with you? submitted by amy customer satisfaction comment i read about your website on a navy benefits site. i've ordered from 1800contacts for many years. your prices including s&h were lower than theirs -- enough for me to give you a try. my order was delivered quickly & accurately. submitted by janette customer satisfaction comment i've been buying from ac lens for years, service is always excellent. i had a problem last year with a cloudy lens, which was taken care of quickly and efficiently. cost is always good and shipping is often included. i'm certainly a satisfied customer! submitted by mark customer satisfaction comment excellent service! i wouldn't hesitate to recommend ac lens to my friends and colleagues. submitted by robert customer satisfaction comment it was very difficult to choose "the most important factor" for purchasing with your company. great price, ease of order/reorder and fast delivery. you guys are the best! submitted by lena customer satisfaction comment always good pricing, fast shipping and quality service! submitted by molly customer satisfaction comment great service. quick delivery. thanks! submitted by bonita customer satisfaction comment this is my first time ordering from your company. at this time i don't see any problems. i am very pleased how my order was processed and delivered.. submitted by arlene customer satisfaction comment i was very satisfied with the speed that the order was shipped. i also like that you accept a wide variety of payment methods. it was also very nice of you to include a contact case with the order. submitted by patrick customer satisfaction comment you should offer next day service. it should not take 2 days to send the order to the manufacturer. then 3-4 days to ship. submitted by michelle customer satisfaction comment i think the fast action of your customer service department is what sets you apart from your competitors. there are a number of comparably priced websites out there but having a customer service department that responds quickly and effectively is something that makes a difference to me. i have been ordering lenses through aclens for over 4 years now and i will never go back. great job. submitted by rebecca customer satisfaction comment quick, easy and affordable. already recommended to friends. submitted by blaine customer satisfaction comment i was very impressed with the customer service. i was notified via email when the prescription ac lens received from my doctor conflicted with the prescription i had originally submitted with the order. i was able to talk to my doctor and verify that they provided ac lens with the incorrect prescription. had ac lens not double- checked with me on this, they would have sent me lenses with the wrong prescription. i have been very impressed with the professionalism of this site. thank you. submitted by april customer satisfaction comment i appreciate being able to find my exact prescription at a very reasonable price. my doctor's office led me to believe they were the only ones who could order my unique prescription - not true! thank you! submitted by james customer satisfaction comment the process was very fast and easy. i did not have my prescription and ac lens verified my prescription with my doctor within the same day as my order. i had my contacts in hand within 5 days! thank you! submitted by rachel customer satisfaction comment always great customer service! submitted by kimberlyn customer satisfaction comment loyalty coupons would be great submitted by eileen customer satisfaction comment i got my contacts at an incredible price and incredibly fast! i ordered on a friday afternoon and received them monday! i accidently ordered the wrong brand and called to make the correction with no problems. i also faxed my insurance claim form that needed to be completed by acl and received it back in a very timely manner. the customer service rep i spoke to was very friendly and helpful. submitted by lindsay customer satisfaction comment you do an excellent job and i appreciate it. submitted by robert customer satisfaction comment loved that you saved my rx. made it much easier on me so i wouldn't have to send it again!! submitted by keri customer satisfaction comment always satisfied. submitted by debbie customer satisfaction comment very easy ordering process, great price, and received my order fast! i will definitely be using aclens again! thank you. submitted by ashley customer satisfaction comment i have no complaints and plan to re-order in the future. submitted by shirley customer satisfaction comment you need a simpler method to insert the prescription at the same time of the purchase. - claudia. submitted by claudia customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased and have no suggestions at this time, your staff is exceptional............and so is their follow thru...... submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment love you guys! i only wish i could have used my coupons with my order, but because the contacts had a 'sale' price i couldn't use them...boo hoo submitted by lupe customer satisfaction comment speedy service, first class product and no problems. submitted by larry customer satisfaction comment i was told about ac lens by a friend and i would refer ac lens to anyone that wears contacts. i think your customer service is excellent and i receive my orders in a very timely manner. i was actually surprised this with last order when i checked the mail and there was my order. submitted by peggy customer satisfaction comment i love ac lens!! you guys always have the best prices and are always running special deals and promotions that are easy and hassle free! even if another place says that they will price match your products, i prefer to go through ac lens because your customer service is the best and you ship my order immediately and it arrives extremely fast! i can't express how great it is to work with ac lens. thank you!! submitted by stephanie customer satisfaction comment what would have improved my order would be if it came with a bottle of cleaning/disinfecting solution.i was however impressed with the availibility and cost of the lens. the delivery was also satisfactory. submitted by kathleen customer satisfaction comment excellent service!! submitted by richard customer satisfaction comment i hoped that i needed to get two cassettes for the lenses, but i got only one, because i ordered 12 lenses. the another my suggestion about shipping cost is that should be some scale in regard to the ordered quantity and shipping cost. submitted by julijana customer satisfaction comment excellent,transparent service from start to finish submitted by keith customer satisfaction comment my first order was in error. i used wrong info for order. (- instead of +)this was discovered when you contacted dr for scrip info. when you informed me i corrected the order and shipment was made immediately. thank you. submitted by dorothy customer satisfaction comment i was very pleased with customer service. i stated my problem and they immediately corrected the error without a hassle. also, i was immediately connected to a real person. i had a similar situation with another company, a glasses/lens company, and the wait was long and when i spoke to customer service they could not provide an answer and told me i had to email my question to the website to correct their error it took a week. submitted by danielle customer satisfaction comment thank you for such prompt, painless, wonderful service. you make purchasing contacts easy breezy and this busy lady can't thank you enough! thanks again!! submitted by lindsay customer satisfaction comment faster responses to mail. submitted by aleksandr customer satisfaction comment i have used many contact lens sites, and aclens.com happens to be the best!!! not only do they offer competitive prices, they also offer fast shipping. on other sites, even if i sent in my prescription by email, i would have to wait almost a week before they shipped it out. aclens shipped my order out the same day that i ordered. i am very satisfied with them, and will continue to use them in the future! submitted by creontia customer satisfaction comment i am very impressed with the quality of these lens. normally i order them from my eye doctor. because i was going through them so fast i decided to browse the net. i came across ac lens and, impressed with what i read about them, i placed an order and so far, so great because the lens i received from them seem to be of a better quality. i am very very impressed! submitted by shirley customer satisfaction comment speed and service can't be beat, thank you! submitted by michael customer satisfaction comment ive been an aclens customer for years and am always satisfied with everything. hands down, the best way to order contacts submitted by peter customer satisfaction comment the only recommendation i have is for your customer service reps to wait 10-15 minutes before calling someone to ask for their prescription. i knew what to do, and had to place the order so that i could include the order number on the fax/e-mail. i got up immediately after ordering to scan that info in and noticed missed calls when i got back. this is really nitpicky that i'm complaining about good customer service, but i felt a little hounded. thanks for the quick service! submitted by amanda customer satisfaction comment i was very pleased at how quickly the lenses arrived, especially as i live in london. excellent. submitted by sunita customer satisfaction comment i recommend aclens to all my friends. submitted by paul customer satisfaction comment bigger and more frequent discounts for long-time customers like myself. submitted by james customer satisfaction comment the least expensive i found anywhere online, and i received them quickly! thank you! submitted by sarah customer satisfaction comment cant improve on a perfect service,just keep it up.:) submitted by ray customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfy with my purchase experience using ac lens on-line. submitted by robert jr customer satisfaction comment great communication, kept me informed via email every step of the way. received my order quicker than expected. submitted by jennifer customer satisfaction comment i placed my order late on a friday afternoon, and i received the lenses on tuesday! if you do not count the weekend, this is only two days. submitted by james customer satisfaction comment each time i have ordered have received my contact rightaway and have been very pleased submitted by jo customer satisfaction comment keep costs on products and shipping low, and you will have my business forever. submitted by edward customer satisfaction comment excellent service, i am very happy, i have recommended to friends and family. submitted by bonnie customer satisfaction comment have ordered from you several times.. always excellent service. thank you. submitted by nancy customer satisfaction comment satisfied how fast i got email response and how these was more than pleasant conversation. -satisfied with fast shipping and coupons discount. thanks submitted by sandra customer satisfaction comment i loved! i always will buy again! submitted by leandro customer satisfaction comment i loved everything! submitted by nataliya customer satisfaction comment excellent service and after sale concern of my order and delivery. the number of days to receive my order in canada is no doubt our delay through customs and no fault of yours. those ordering in canada should allow at least 3 weeks. submitted by ken customer satisfaction comment i presumed my order would come from germayn as it had done before and was very annoyed that i had to pay a further 29 as it came from usa. submitted by margaret customer satisfaction comment i'm very pleased with the product and timely delivery. thank you!! submitted by kennady customer satisfaction comment great prices. quick (very quick) and accurate delivery, even the two times i have had lenses delivered away from home. my ophthalmologist cannot compete with your prices. your service is great. and i love the discounts. i have ac lens for two years and have no plans to change. submitted by katharine customer satisfaction comment ordering my contacts couldn't have been any easier!! great prices, fast delivery! very pleased with the service i received. will be back again!! thank you! submitted by janeen customer satisfaction comment besides the availability of my brand, i also look at price. i have a verrrry limited income. submitted by barbara customer satisfaction comment very pleased with the price and the shipping time. submitted by katherine customer satisfaction comment this was our first experience with ordering contacts online and we were extremely satisfied. we won't hesitate doing it in the future. dianne kaiser-letsch submitted by dianne customer satisfaction comment fantastic service!!! i will continue to use it and i will recommend it. submitted by silvia customer satisfaction comment i had a wonderful experience. it was easy to order online. i also saved about $80 from ordering at the eye doctors office. i will definately use your service. submitted by veronica customer satisfaction comment you should be faster and more clear regarding the expenses! submitted by ornella customer satisfaction comment i can only order from a company that carries my brand - biofinity toric. but among companies that carry that lens, price and customer service are the two crucial factors. i would pay a e.g. 10% more if i know that i will be working with a good company with good customer service. submitted by erik customer satisfaction comment why didn't i know about aclens earlier? prices are phenomenal, it's easy and quick to order, and customer service is phenomenal. the order was processed and shipped extremely fast. the very same day i received my package i started recommended aclens to friends and coworkers. submitted by maria customer satisfaction comment excellent prices with fast shipping! submitted by wesley customer satisfaction comment i wish shipping costs were better. submitted by margaret customer satisfaction comment easy to reorder, quick service, always in stock, good price! what more could i want? submitted by maryann customer satisfaction comment thanks so much for the quick delivery ..i ordered one set from walmart and it took over 3 weeks ! ..your order got to me in less than a week submitted by al customer satisfaction comment i contact another company before and they did not take care my order i needed to call them many time with a lot of trouble and i ending canceling my order . i contact ac lens and they placed my order without any problem and my lenses arrived on time. submitted by lucia customer satisfaction comment i have changed address but i have been buying my lenses from you and recommended friends for about 5 years or more now submitted by edna customer satisfaction comment awesome....quick.........no problems..........loved it...thanks submitted by kimberlee customer satisfaction comment great prices & easy to reorder !! submitted by jeannine customer satisfaction comment i am not sure i am confident enough to order again. even though the prices were wonderful- a deciding factor- not knowing the status of my order or getting accurate, complete, and timely feedback leaves me willing to pay more for confidence. submitted by tom customer satisfaction comment price was good also. submitted by edward customer satisfaction comment i have used your website to order contacts two times now. it was a very easy process and i received the lenses very quickly. the price was a little less the second time so i am hoping my lenses will continue to get less expensive as times goes on. i will continue to use ac lense as long as the price is competitive. submitted by sue ann customer satisfaction comment ordered my lenses on a saturday morning and they were delivered by tuesday. i saved over $40 compared to my dr. office. you guys are great! submitted by christopher customer satisfaction comment there was a substantial savings. couldn't beat it any where else. great service and timely shipment. thank you. submitted by joseph customer satisfaction comment all good with the service and the products. submitted by jean customer satisfaction comment great service!! received when expected, better than ordering them from your doctor, cheaper and delivered to your door!! submitted by ebony customer satisfaction comment best online service i have ever bought from. quick service, delivery and accuracy all deserve 10 for excellent. submitted by elva customer satisfaction comment very fast, great prices, great service! submitted by vickie customer satisfaction comment very satisfied with ac lens. submitted by john customer satisfaction comment good, prompt service. fair/reasonable shipping times and costs, easy to use/navigate website. submitted by steve customer satisfaction comment great service, great price! thanks ac lens. submitted by linda customer satisfaction comment the process was simple and we had the contacts within a few days of placing the order. we will order again from ac lens. submitted by whitney customer satisfaction comment i love to buy my lens from ac lens because you are a market america partner store! submitted by joanne customer satisfaction comment very satisfied submitted by allen customer satisfaction comment keep up the good work and your customer service is great. submitted by t. divison customer satisfaction comment i would like the opportunity to buy (or get as a free sample together with large orders :-) a single lens of other brand/power for testing purposes. b.r. henrik bendsen ..,a happy overseas customer for decades! submitted by h. bendsen customer satisfaction comment perfect! not sure how you do it. the prices are better than sams club and that is all i care about! submitted by t. janiga customer satisfaction comment thank you for your service and your product. submitted by t. sanzenbacher customer satisfaction comment i received my lenses very fast!! thank you, good job. maybe just one suggestion : the packet with lenses wasn't closed very well so everyone could have taken them from it!! fortunately all lenses were inside but package could be closed better for the security (the neighbors etc). thank you. submitted by v. honzikova customer satisfaction comment great service, very easy to order on line, wonderful prices, quick turn around time in getting them shipped. thank you so much. submitted by k. anderson customer satisfaction comment your staff kept me well informed of some issues that came up during the ordering process. they quickly resolved the issues to my complete satisfaction. submitted by a. skaar customer satisfaction comment i enjoy the cost and the fast delivery ac lens has to offer. submitted by r. christie customer satisfaction comment great communication throughout transaction, easy process with rx and fast - great overall. thanks and i'll be back! submitted by a. trenaman customer satisfaction comment ac lens provides a great service, the best price, and friendly reminders to reorder! submitted by j. zimmerman excellent experience ordered my contacts on saturday at 11:40am. received notification my order had shipped at 3:20pm same day. received my contacts in monday's mail! love that instant gratification! i will definitely reorder and recommend! submitted by michelle k customer satisfaction comment price, shipping cost, speed of delivery are all vital components of a re-order. also, i think multiple repeat orders should generate price break every so often. many thanks. submitted by c. coston customer satisfaction comment great prices and fast shipping. got my order is 3-4 days. submitted by e. mei never buy from anywhere else!! i bought my son a pair of prescription goggles from ac lens and when his prescription changed, i switched to swim outlet, due to the price. boy, was i sorry. the second pair broke within one week, the quality was inferior to ac lens and i had the most difficult time attaching the nose-piece. in fact, i went through 3 of them. i finally gave up. it wasn't worth my time. i went back today to order from ac lens--the exact first pair i got my son. my son thanked me for getting him the pair that he wanted. believe me, the pair from swim outlet was $7.95 versus $29 from ac lens, and i will continue to shop with ac lens. submitted by always a loyal customer great service & great staff. they work with you & whatever problems that occur! thanks guys! submitted by k. a. customer satisfaction comment ac lens is affordable and speedy. i always receive my contacts within a 3-4 days of ordering. submitted by j. martinez customer satisfaction comment ordering from you was fast and easy, and was far cheaper than buying my lenses direct from the optometrist, and about $4 cheaper per box than the company my dr. recommended i order from. i will order gain from you all for sure! submitted by d. privitera customer satisfaction comment your customer service was excellent, and my order came faster than i anticipated. well done! submitted by r. leifur customer satisfaction comment have ordered from ac lens for several years. have always been extremely satisfied with service, attention to details, customer relations and speed of delivery. prices seem fair. submitted by c. sevelowitz customer satisfaction comment the overall shopping experience was good and the turn around time even better if i didn't have so many problems trying to fax my prescription to you.i was however dissatisfied with my purchase of the contact lens travel bag..as soon as i pulled the zipper...it fell apart(the zipper that is,not he bag) and i cant send it back because i am living in a different country and the shipping charges to return this defective product would be more to me rather than just trying to get it fixed myself.anyways i will definetly order again and i always recommed others to this site.great overall experience despite few shortcomings here and there! submitted by j. stewart customer satisfaction comment unsure as to exactly how many days it took to receive my order, but i think it was 3 or 4 days. regardless, i received my order earlier than i expected. i have already recommended ac lens to two people and shared the ac lens facebook page on my fb profile. i am already thinking of placing another order and getting colored lenses this time! i am extremely pleased with the availability, pricing and selection that ac lens has, not to mention the expedient service! submitted by s. spies customer satisfaction comment please let me know first while placing order the need for the prescription submitted by k. wright customer satisfaction comment everything worked extremely well and i was able to make my selection on the site. when i called 2 different reps...they were both very friendly / helpful. submitted by h. jeff customer satisfaction comment everything was great except it took forever for the contact lenses to arrive in the mail. submitted by a. king customer satisfaction comment i am glad that i found you all on the internet. i really like your contacts. thank you submitted by j. mcgeorge customer satisfaction comment it was great - people were very professional and responsible, and my order was sent priority mail so arrived very quickly! submitted by s. drago customer satisfaction comment the entire process of doing business with ac lens has been excellent. submitted by d. becker customer satisfaction comment the best place i have ever bought lenses! submitted by n. poldrugac customer satisfaction comment thank you for supporting those of us overseas with an apo address. submitted by a. smisek customer satisfaction comment let people know upfront the total due or at least let them know about additional changes submitted by r. perris customer satisfaction comment excellent!very happy. submitted by k. la rowe customer satisfaction comment i appreciate the notification to reorder submitted by s. brooks customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering contact lens from ac lens for almost ten years. i actually first tried with 1-800-contacts, and there were some issues with them that i gave ac lens a try. and i've never looked back! ac lens has a great staff that always resolved any problem i might have with lightning fast speed. i have actually recommended ac lens to any of my friends who was considering purchasing contact lens online. i would say ac lens is my favorite online retailer of any merchandise. submitted by y. hsin customer satisfaction comment i received outstanding service and fast delivery. i will definitely reorder from you. submitted by c. emond customer satisfaction comment the re-ordering process was a lot more complex this time--asking qs about my family doctor etc --it also appeared that i had to re-enter all my details into the required fields again whereas in teh past these popped up already-that's my moan--overall experience is very good. submitted by p. gillen customer satisfaction comment while pricing is very important, given it's the same product from any retailer, service and shipping costs are also an important consideration for me. you consistenly beat the competition on price, your service is excellent, and your shipping is free for a year's supply. i had to call for my daughter's order and a very helpful person assisted me. i think you have cracked the code on customer service along with atractive pricing. not many companies can match that. keep up the great work!! submitted by w. taninbaum customer satisfaction comment i have an astigmatism which makes my contacts more expensive and other places had to order them. i was pleased that ac lens had them without special ordering and their price was more reasonable then other places. there turn around was ok as well, i got them in a week or so. submitted by m. evanoff customer satisfaction comment a little bump in the customer service when i inquired about an offered discount, but over all i was very happy with the company and service as i have been in the past. submitted by e. martin customer satisfaction comment this was my first time ordering contacts online, and i am so glad that it was a great experience! ac lens' web site was easy to use and easy to order. i will definitely use them again for future contacts! submitted by t. catlin customer satisfaction comment thanks for being a great company and service provider. submitted by e. luttrell customer satisfaction comment i was really satisfied with my experience with ac lens. they did a great job and my contacts shipped very quickly, so that was even better. i plan to order from ac lens again. submitted by j. musil customer satisfaction comment even though there were some problems getting my prescription information, ac lens diligently worked with me and the doctors office to get everything resolved. thank you for the excellent service! submitted by d. ried customer satisfaction comment i'm very impressed with the quick and no-hassle process of placing my order. i like you tracking system. thank you for shipping to an apo address. submitted by l. portillo-ramos customer satisfaction comment make your prices the cheapest around, they will come.... submitted by e. joubert customer satisfaction comment easy, fast, effecient. thanks! submitted by m. foster customer satisfaction comment order arrived super fast :) submitted by k. mckeowen customer satisfaction comment great service, got my lenses just days after ordering. keep up the good work. will order again in the future and hoping for the same great service. submitted by s. nagy customer satisfaction comment i was surprised at how quickly they contacted my optometrist to confirm my prescription. i live overseas so i was surprised at how fast they got here. submitted by c. barnett customer satisfaction comment it was an excellent transaction. thank you very much. submitted by l. melton customer satisfaction comment decided to order online partly for price reasons and mainly because contacts ordered from optometrist the last 2 times took an inordinate amount of time to be delivered. so much so that i had to mail them myself to my college son. very happy w/ac lens. submitted by p. kilkenny customer satisfaction comment my account has 2 people with 2 prescriptions on it but your personnel who fill the orders seemed to have a problem because the account was in one name and i was only ordering for one of the two people whose prescriptions are on the account. this caused a delay in processing. i'm not quite sure why they couldn't see both prescriptions on the account. both prescriptions were from the same doctor. it just seems like it shouldn't have been that hard to figure out. submitted by h. clapp customer satisfaction comment i always recieve my order on time from ac lens and they keep me up to date about my order and the status of the order!!! best contact retailer ever!!!! i will keep using ac lens as long as the service and prices stay the same!!! submitted by a. green customer satisfaction comment i recommend ac lens to anyone who is looking for contacts at an affordable price. the convenience of ordering and having them delivered to my home is another big plus.i highly recommend ac lens! submitted by p. gagnon customer satisfaction comment service was faster than i expected. very efficient. use my comments, not my name submitted by m. judge customer satisfaction comment very good service submitted by t. owens customer satisfaction comment great service and prices! thanks! submitted by m. cetti customer satisfaction comment this was my first time purchasing prescription contacts online and i am very satisfied with my process through the purchasing of my lens on ac lens. thank you! definitely will order more lens here in the future. submitted by j. pham customer satisfaction comment deliver on time if i paid for delivery!! where do i enter my discount code??? see that's what i'm talking about!! svsav1 submitted by l. dykes customer satisfaction comment i got the site from 39dollarglasses.com and i am very happy with the order. it was so easy to chooses the lenses, upload the prescription then place the order, it all took less than 10 minutes! thank you so much for providing an excellent product and excellent service!!! submitted by j. moro customer satisfaction comment clean service and good prices -- glad i searched you out. submitted by a. chase customer satisfaction comment clean service and good prices -- glad i searched you out. submitted by a. chase customer satisfaction comment i am pleased with my lens but not too happy about the extra 18.00 which i had to pay to get the package out of the post office submitted by l. mulholland customer satisfaction comment excellent service. quick delivery and competitive pricing. submitted by a. soto customer satisfaction comment you did a great job for me and thanks. submitted by j. steinback customer satisfaction comment very good submitted by h. horton customer satisfaction comment i appreciate that my order was processed and shipped quickly. i also appreciate communication when the order is shipped so that i know to watch for it. thank you submitted by t. palmer customer satisfaction comment yery impressed with the speed and accuracy of placing this order. also happy with the price. submitted by k. dowling customer satisfaction comment have always recieved very prompt and reliable service from you submitted by g. stevens customer satisfaction comment aclens was outstanding the turn around time from the moment i ordered was incredible. i am very satisfied w/both of my oreders and will definitely be doing all my contact ordering from this website. i have already told all my family and friends about aclens. in my opinion you guys are awesome!!!!!!!! submitted by y. ortiz customer satisfaction comment great experience. confirmation that it was shipped within hours of ordering and received 2 days after ordering. great experience. thank you. submitted by t. vanden heuvel customer satisfaction comment the delay in delivery was a postal strike...not your problem..when i emailed customer service ,i got an immediate response and a willing to replace the order if it has not come in a few more days...much appreciated..thanks submitted by s. finkelstein customer satisfaction comment i always ordered lens more than one box but i alway get only a case per order. i think aclens should give me case as many as boxes i order. but good price for freshlook lens and also ability shipping. submitted by z. siripongsanuwat customer satisfaction comment my purchase was quick, easy and delivered in a timely manner. thanks for your help!! sherry submitted by s. gamblin customer satisfaction comment discounts, coupons, and free shipping are all factors for choosing a contact lens supplier. aclens has repeatedly won my business because they meet those criteria and exceed my expectations with super fast delivery and the inclusion of a free contact lens case upon request. i greatly appreciate you all! thank you. submitted by l. scalzo customer satisfaction comment very satisfied with the price (twice cheaper than at my doctor's) and super fast free shipment. submitted by t. danusevska customer satisfaction comment im very happy,with the experience at ac lenses. this is my first time on life ordering lenses thru internet ,i will keep it !!! thanks,ac lenses. i will keep on touch!! submitted by v. paz customer satisfaction comment my initial order experience was a good one. ac customer service continually kept me advised of order status, any roadblocks encountered,and offered options for completion of order. very safisfied with initial order. plan to place next order in approximately five (5) months. submitted by t. mattingly customer satisfaction comment great experience. i will definately make future orders. submitted by m. gattrell customer satisfaction comment this is the easiest, best, and most cost effective way of ordering lenses! thank you!!! jan submitted by j. carr customer satisfaction comment no problems ---fully satisfied submitted by l. timms customer satisfaction comment exelent product,price and professional shipping and handling submitted by x. zulbeari customer satisfaction comment i think you must find more quickly and cheaper delivering method for us. normally i pay postal fee almost one lens cost. submitted by f. karahan customer satisfaction comment even though i'd like to say i'm a loyal customer regardless of price, i can't. i compile a list of "legit" choices, then i search for coupon codes. the cheapest wins. so far, all the contact lens places have done a great job. i wonder if there are all fulfilled from the same place? submitted by a. chen customer satisfaction comment haven't tried the contacts yet. still using my last pair from last prescription.i didn't have any problems ordering, they were very helpful with my prescription and details about price. all went well! thank you. submitted by z. weatherhead customer satisfaction comment i was not able to reach a representative for service nor was i able to put in the discount code on the system. submitted by d. ford customer satisfaction comment your website was the only one that offered a rebate on my contacts...i even cancelled my order from a company that i had used last year. thank you!!! submitted by j. haas customer satisfaction comment i couldn't have asked for more prompt service and immediate responses to my questions. they were above and beyond my expectations, and pricing was also good. like i mentioned, i just wish they carried a little larger size. but i am so impressed by their immediate responses to my questions and extremely fast service. i received lenses faster than they said would be delievered. great job, and extremely courteous. submitted by j. sitterlet amazing prices, quick service this is my second year using aclens and i will never use another contact lens carrier. they beat out any other prices both online and in store. i ordered my contact lenses on a friday afternoon and got the free standard shipping and received my lenses on monday afternoon! i was so pleased with the great customer service and the quickness my order was processed. submitted by jennifer m. customer satisfaction comment very satisfied with your team. however, i would like to see a somewhat less bulky packaging when delivering the contacts. perhaps a padded envelope would do for the 4 boxes of lenses i usually purchase. thanks. submitted by r. roy customer satisfaction comment aclens has outsranding service and you receive your lenses in a timely manner. only one suggestion i would make is that i wish they carried more selections of parameters for their lenses. i seem to have rare parameters and i can't find the exact match to my prescription. submitted by m. baltikas customer satisfaction comment i got my contacts a while ago but if i recall correctly the shipping was high, it costs 4.95 usps priority so like i said if i remember correctly i paid about $15.00 for shipping, that is just to much, i ship 1 pound items all the time on ebay so i am familiar with shipping processes, (charge- correct shipping) please.. submitted by n. evans customer satisfaction comment good service submitted by s. chellapermal customer satisfaction comment not the least expensive option, but close to it. very satisfied with website, communication, shipping, etc. submitted by r. kanner customer satisfaction comment customer service emailed me immediately and i provided them with the correct phone number. the issue was resolved very quickly and my prescription was confirmed by the next day. submitted by s. miller customer satisfaction comment as a canadian customer, it will be very beneficial to know whether the rebates that are being advertised are applicable to us or not. submitted by n. sarhangpour customer satisfaction comment customer service was very helpful. the prices are very good. fast delivery time. submitted by m. jacques customer satisfaction comment you need to train your csrs to be empatheic and sensitive to customers, ewspecially when you are screwing with the customer's money. submitted by t. deal customer satisfaction comment it will be better if there was an obvious place to add discounts or coupons as oposed to add this in the comment section. submitted by e. hanania customer satisfaction comment extremely satisfied with my order! contacts shipped out right away without any problems and at a great price! will definitely recommend to friends and family! submitted by k. majors customer satisfaction comment im satisfied. i recommend aclens to anyone that needs contact lenses. submitted by a. faria customer satisfaction comment everything was wonderful; the prices, the speed, the accuracy, the follow up. i was impressed. the only thing, that is no longer an issue, is that for that first order i had not know where to place the discount code & until i received the confirmation email i did not know if it was correctly deducted. it was correctly deducted & know i know where to place it now going forward. submitted by s. berns customer satisfaction comment i have already referred 2 friends. the prices, no shipping fees and ease of using flexible spending credit card were all factors with me being a return customer. thank you terry submitted by t. chamberlain customer satisfaction comment this was my first time ordering my contact lenses through ac lenses and it definitely won't be the last. i really appreciate how fast your response time is and how fast the delivery was! excellent! thank you so much. submitted by j. nelson customer satisfaction comment extremely happy, wish that you guys receive optum health vision, but did not ask. submitted by g. zapata customer satisfaction comment none, you guys are doing great.............. submitted by k. weldon the best service i had a great experience with my last order. not only i always get a surprising gift with my order (a contact lens case, for example), but i also receive my order in shorter time than stated during ordering procedure. products are of the best quality and always with a long expiry date. thank you. submitted by nihad customer satisfaction comment was very happy with the way customer svc. handled my email regarding my questions. thank you submitted by r. narozny, jr. customer satisfaction comment i will definitely be buying from ac lens again! submitted by e. ueda customer satisfaction comment great experience. submitted by m. zidich customer satisfaction comment i ordered product on a holiday weekend - received it in extremely quick time. wouldn't hesitate to order from here again. submitted by c. brunelle customer satisfaction comment we are very happy with the service we received. we have tried other companies and found that they don't give the service or care that you do. submitted by f. gise customer satisfaction comment i'm very pleased with my experience buying at aclens. the price is great compared with brazil, even with the shipping costs, and the time to receive my order here in brazil was excellent, but must of all, as you declare a lower value outside the package, i have not been taxed by the brazilian customs. my only recommendation is that you should offer hybrid lens. definitely gonna buy again! submitted by j. ruiz customer satisfaction comment the staff needed to call me to confirm my dr's phone #, they were extremely prompt and very nice. i greatly appreciate such service!!! submitted by k. day customer satisfaction comment some rebates on shipping fee would be apreciated submitted by p. frenkiel customer satisfaction comment input a new shipping address. however, contacts were mailed to the billing address submitted by m. sanders customer satisfaction comment prompt, pleasant service and quick delivery. all good. (you can use my testimonial, but just "bob f.", and no other info please.) submitted by r. freedman customer satisfaction comment so far, so good! i will be adding this website to my facebook and telling my friends about the excellent & quick service you provide. submitted by s. bryant customer satisfaction comment im very satisfied and will order again, i recieved the contact len's very quickly,all had to do was get on line and reorder and it didn't take long at all,3 minutes on line and i was all done,and in a few short day's i had my contacts and my order was correct. thank you... submitted by s. rowe customer satisfaction comment i will continue to order from you as long as i can find a 10% off coupon such as couponcabin. thanks for great service and low price! submitted by a. lam customer satisfaction comment great service & fast shipping. no problems and great, consistent communication submitted by m. molloy customer satisfaction comment i order from you because you are a market america partner store and i received 2% cash back on my order. submitted by b. bogenschutz customer satisfaction comment your customer service / response time is awesome! i ordered lenses w/ a stronger prescription. since this represented a change, i got an email saying shipment would be delayed till you could verify the new script w/ my eye doctor....or i could fax the new script to your attn. i no longer have a fax machine, so i figured, what the heck, you're so quick, i'll let you do it. no down time at all.....still rec'd same day shipment! great! you guys do a great job, thank you. submitted by j. forney customer satisfaction comment nice job! submitted by j. pistrang customer satisfaction comment i only order from you as you are the best out there. submitted by c. rodriguez customer satisfaction comment good service which i have been using for several years. good that you ship internationally. good prices. reliable and fast dispatch with confirmation emails. a previous time when i had a problem with my order customer service was good. submitted by e. guni customer satisfaction comment very simple and fast! submitted by k. konesky customer satisfaction comment great service and fast! submitted by k. konesky excellent service as always i have to say that ac lens has the best and fastest delivery service i have experienced with online ordering. it never fails to get my contacts within the next business day and it's still cheaper than ordering with my eye physician. i would highly recommend them to anyone. thanks!! submitted by tracy customer satisfaction comment everything was great submitted by c. valentine customer satisfaction comment i love getting my contacts through the mail. no hopping into the car to make an extra trip to pick them up. submitted by c. brannon customer satisfaction comment great experience! would def use again. hadn't heard of ac lens but after a bizrate search and testimonials i was sold. so glad i used ac lens! submitted by l. franke customer satisfaction comment very easy to order. good price. submitted by r. wan customer satisfaction comment the lowest price out there, shipping was quicker than i thought, and i ended up paying more than half what i would pay in norway. submitted by k. litleskare customer satisfaction comment excellent prices! exceptional service submitted by j. belmonte customer satisfaction comment i was extremely happy with ac lens - the price for a years worth of contacts were a full $50-100 less than that of your competitors. in addition, there were no problems verifying my prescription, and my contacts arrived three days after i purchased them - even though i only ordered regular shipping. my best experience yet buying contacts! submitted by j. jasinski customer satisfaction comment good price, fast service submitted by j. mainville customer satisfaction comment i had a wonderful experience! not only do you have the best prices but the customer service and delivery time are 2nd to none! submitted by c. woodward customer satisfaction comment i was definitely impressed with the fast service.i ordered my contacts thursday night and i received them monday morning! thank you! submitted by v. triana customer satisfaction comment smaller packaging would be nice. submitted by r. roy one if the best purchasing online experience i've ever had! ac lens' prices, compared to other sites, are really impressive, they came on time, but what really won me over is when i called in to track my order they were genuinely friendly and so helpful! i will definitely be using their company again! ps: the focus softcolors are very nice and subtle! my eyes are naturally a deep blue so i was a little hesitant because they're for light eyes but the evergreen look natural. i highly recommend them as well! submitted by angela customer satisfaction comment great and quick service everytime i order. thank you submitted by d. hayes customer satisfaction comment call the doctor when prescription not lisible. do not email to the customer and delay the order. submitted by j. spiliadis customer satisfaction comment thank you so much for the easy ordering processing (including listing the fax number for scripts), the price of the lenses and shipping (much lower than other competitors!!!) and the quick processing and shipping! i will definitely order from you again and refer my friends and family to you! thanks! submitted by c. baccus customer satisfaction comment i have been shopping with aclens for almost 10 years and have been very satisfied. submitted by r. ung customer satisfaction comment there is not much to add ! you do a great job, make it easy and simple to order lenses at a reasonable price, what else could you ask for ??? submitted by p. grau customer satisfaction comment extremely fast service. i can't remember how quickly i did receive the lenses but it was much faster than i expected. submitted by l. vincze customer satisfaction comment lowest prices i could find on my contacts. i was pleasantly surprised when i opened my mailbox to find that they had arrived 1 day after i received the email that they had been shipped...that's fast. i will definitely order from here again! submitted by m. hoel customer satisfaction comment i really appreciate that you ship to apo and quickly! thank you! submitted by c. wong customer satisfaction comment love your service. submitted by j. lambert customer satisfaction comment i refuse to order from costco any more even though they are slightly less expensive, because their customer service sucks, and it takes forever to get my lenses. i ordered from another online service last time and that took forever to get the lenses. you shipped them immediately and they were easy to order. submitted by b. skinner customer satisfaction comment fastest turnaround time on any online purchase that i've ever made - even with standard shipping used! i could not be more delighted with the service offered by ac lens. great prices, great website to navigate, and excellent customer service. submitted by r. rodenhiser customer satisfaction comment first time i've ever used this company and i am glad i chose it. changes: my contacts dried out quicker or tore in the wind & i had to use a new pair. good: awesome delivery time! great price! and amazing followup! submitted by s. bryant customer satisfaction comment ordering was easy and efficient and i was very pleased that my lenses arrived so quickly! thank you. submitted by m. jennings customer satisfaction comment love three left right stickers.simple but helpful. 1800 contacts didn't supply this. and your prices are better submitted by j. hardy customer satisfaction comment your service has been excellent and the best prices too! submitted by d. andrews customer satisfaction comment extemely quick order processing and shipping. i went to a retail store to purchase the same contacts took over 2 1/2 weeks for them to come in and they were more expensive. thank you submitted by g. andino customer satisfaction comment i loved the reorder feature! very convenient and easy to use. submitted by s. zelanka customer satisfaction comment fast, quick and easy. submitted by a. jacabacci customer satisfaction comment my experience was very satisfying. job well done. submitted by e. rivera customer satisfaction comment please provide rebate instructions when the order is being place not after the purchase has been made. submitted by a. jones customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased with my purchase! i received today in brazil (05/02/2011), thank you. vinicius submitted by v. de almeida customer satisfaction comment i really like the email reminders that i'm going to be out of lenses soon, or that my prescription is near expiration. submitted by j. mathews customer satisfaction comment great product! fast service! excellent price! submitted by s. ristuccia customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased with my present and previous orders for contact lenses. the good prices are also welcome. submitted by p. lediner customer satisfaction comment i hadn't heard of this company prior to this order. my eye doctor suggested i look for my lenses on your site. the lenses were far less expensive on your site, and they're the same exact ones. i have a new favorite! thanks for a great product, great service & outstanding customer service reps! submitted by d. mccleary customer satisfaction comment keep your prices low. submitted by s. hoard customer satisfaction comment very easy to do business submitted by t. moreland customer satisfaction comment i never get your coupons when i need them. you always send them at the wrong time and they're expired by the time i reorder. your costumer service is great though. the order before last my shipment was lost in the mail and they got me another out right away thank you for your hard work. submitted by b. maratea customer satisfaction comment i absolutely loved the high level of customer service that was provided to me from my point of purchase until receipt of my order. thank you ac lens! submitted by j. sanford customer satisfaction comment great experience will definitely purchase again. submitted by s. auzenne customer satisfaction comment i am very impressed not only with the very competitive pricing but also the speed of delivery and the responsive emailing..main factor is always keep customer informed and up to date with the order progress.great job! ac lens does all that. i have recommended ac lens to quite a number of lens wearers. submitted by m. neitzel customer satisfaction comment shipping costs to eu is so high at this very moment. why? submitted by m. bidlas customer satisfaction comment it is the internet. it is easy. haven't had to use your nasty? customer service people. submitted by j. wiecks customer satisfaction comment is very easy to order since you have all my info there and always have lenses in stock submitted by j. lemus customer satisfaction comment aclens offers contacts at a great price-they confirm my prescription quickly, effortlessly and shipped to my home with great speed:) love the service-i won't go elsewhere! thank you! submitted by r. brooks-kinney customer satisfaction comment the service is excellent submitted by c. garzon customer satisfaction comment i would definitely recomend ac lens to anyone i know, the service i have received over the past 3/4 years has been efficient and reliable and the prices are ridiculously low submitted by a. cooper customer satisfaction comment liked the immediate response on monday after i had placed my order on the weekend that everything was already in the mail. also liked that i could place order on-line but still fax you immediately the prescription. your internet site was easy to use and gave good explanations of how things needed to be done. submitted by z. balsara customer satisfaction comment ac lens delivery of my contact lenses was exceptionally quick. thank you for the prompt delivery, as i received my lenses in 3 days. submitted by r. gjertsen jr customer satisfaction comment wonderful. this was my first order, you did everything right and i will order again. so will my family and friens submitted by k. green customer satisfaction comment very fast and easy to order! thank you! submitted by j. vandergoot customer satisfaction comment extremely happy with my choice to order from your company. good work! submitted by f. baccay customer satisfaction comment i would like to know that i was dealing with an honest company. submitted by j. johnson customer satisfaction comment the only thing i can say is that the checkout page didn't show my free shipping discount until after i submitted my order, which made things confusing. the customer service representative assurred me that after i confirmed my order, i would see the discount, which i did. submitted by r. meyer customer satisfaction comment i live in switzerland. therefore it takes 20 days or more to receive the lenses. but as i order for a long time the lenses a long time with ac lenses i know that. we have also to pay custom duties for about chf 26.-- to the postman who brings the parcel. but in switzerland the lenses are very expensive and i am very satisfied with the price from ac lenses submitted by y. frei customer satisfaction comment good work, comrades! submitted by m. ushanov customer satisfaction comment there are definitely other factors that are important to me when ordering lenses but price is something i need to watch. your site was recommended to me by a friend and i was very happy with my order as well as speed of service. i just advised my son to order through this site and save himself close to $75 like i did!!!! thank you muchly! submitted by r. tischer customer satisfaction comment i am very satisfaction with your service. thank you. submitted by a. godunova customer satisfaction comment overall i was quite satisfied with my purchase; my brand was available, the shipping was fast and the prices were reasonable. submitted by s. harris customer satisfaction comment i loved how you could pay with paypal and billmelater as well as regular credit cards.very convenient, in my case, to have other options. plus my prescription is rather strong so you also having it was a big deal for me. thanks so much! submitted by l. fawcett customer satisfaction comment i was extremely impressed with the quick turnaround and delivery of my lenses. your site was user friendly. submitted by c. cassidy customer satisfaction comment i got a great price, fast delivery, and no hassles. what else can you ask for! thanks! submitted by c. goss customer satisfaction comment hard contacts are difficult to find & i appreciate that with ac it's no problem to get them quickly and reasonably. submitted by j. rzeszutko customer satisfaction comment i was extremely upset to get e-mails giving me discounts towards the purchase of focus progressive lenses, only to find they had been discontinued. having purchased focus progressives from your company since 2003, i expected you to advise me in advance so i could stockpile. unfortunately for me, that was not the case, and i'm stuck with a lens i consider inferior. submitted by r. moore customer satisfaction comment very satisfied with lens and timely delivery! submitted by m. greene customer satisfaction comment first buyer, extremely satisfied. you beat all other prices by 30% and the delivery was very timely. thanks you.. you have a very satisfied customer. i will tell everyone. i have already told my opthomologist, who is now recomending your site to her patients. submitted by j. england customer satisfaction comment like the reminder notices. helps me stay on top of my lens. a factor my eye doctor likes very much as well. submitted by a. vargas customer satisfaction comment the shipping was fast, the prices were great, and the over all service was superb!! submitted by c. morales customer satisfaction comment great place to shop for contacts submitted by j. lyons customer satisfaction comment your service team was wonderful in getting me the lenses i needed after i broke one just before a trip. submitted by e. lusher customer satisfaction comment ac lens price before any ciba rebate was cheaper than wal-mart/1-800 contacts after their supposed discount and ciba rebate. ac lens was $44/box wal-mart was $60/box. submitted by t. loren customer satisfaction comment excellent and fast service. i am well pleased! submitted by s. chandler customer satisfaction comment thank you, for making the buying process so simple and quick. submitted by l. wilson customer satisfaction comment very pleased. good prices. great sevice. fast delivery. submitted by j. barbour customer satisfaction comment i sure will order again from your company i am very pleased. submitted by l. casillas customer satisfaction comment great place, was afraid to order from an online retailer at first. got my lenses fairly cheap in 3-4 days. submitted by e. tkachenko customer satisfaction comment i've ordered through ac lens a few times now and have always been very satisfied. my lenses are correct and arrive speedily! plus the prices are great. thank you. submitted by s. zwonitzer customer satisfaction comment after i placed my order, it said 'waiting for prescription' even though when i contacted via email your company said it was actually being processed. this had worried me. otherwise all was fantastic! submitted by p. guthrie wow!! i have never ordered my contact lenses on line before. i thought i would give it a try. i 'shopped' around on line and heard good and bad about everyone. so then it came down to cost. not only am i impressed with the cost through aclens, i am also impressed with how they handled my order. i was not expecting them to contact my doctor. but they did - to confirm that my prescription was up to date and accurate!! it turned out that my prescription had expired and aclens would not go through with the order. they did encourage me to get my prescription updated and get beck to them anytime. my doctor extended my presciption. i went back to aclens that day - got by order placed and received my contacts in 3 days!! keep in mind i have not used them yet. only because i read that on line orders can take weeks to receive. if they are not the prescription i requested, i will get back to aclens. but i do not forsee any problems. and if i do - i am confident that aclens will make it right! submitted by debby great experience this is my first order from ac lens. i am familiar with the great acuvue product, but was extremely pleased with the service from ac lens. order was exactly as i placed it and the lenses were received before i even expected to start looking for them! it was a wonderful experience and i recommend ac lens highly! thank you! submitted by jan patten customer satisfaction comment this was my first time ordering contacts online and i was a little worried how it would turn out at first. after i did a little research and ordered from you i was very satisfied with the results. thank you for making it so easy! submitted by r. cooper customer satisfaction comment this websites awesome!! easy re-ordering options, fast delivery love it! submitted by a. stone great service! ac lens is by far the best company with amazing customer service. i received my hard contact lens last week and realized that the fitting was wrong. this however was an error on my optometrist part who wrote down the wrong base curve numbers. my doctors office re-faxed the correct prescription and the same morning ac lens worked with me on the phone to fix the issue getting my new contacts out to me right away. submitted by anonymous customer satisfaction comment excellent service, as usual. submitted by z. gersch customer satisfaction comment i've been using ac lens for several years and every transaction has been great! the prices are unbeatable and the quick shipping is a nice convenience. submitted by s. kahn customer satisfaction comment price usually draws me to a place and i am willing to wait and give up the other things you guys have it all. i have recommended you to others and i am happy to say they use you also. i have no suggestions at this time. submitted by m. burge customer satisfaction comment your site is awesome! thank you! we have ordered from you in the past and this time was even better than we remembered. great savings and the contacts arrived so fast it made my head spin. submitted by p. valero customer satisfaction comment how about a better web checkout interface? submitted by v. wong customer satisfaction comment i've ordered from you for years and love your service. submitted by d. wilson customer satisfaction comment very easy company to work with. submitted by t. silver customer satisfaction comment very fast getting to me submitted by d. staffon customer satisfaction comment excellent and kind. submitted by j. bechtel customer satisfaction comment i have ordered lenses 3 times from this company. i love the convenience, availability, price point, and excellent customer service. i do and will continue to refer this company to family and friends. thank you ac lens! submitted by p. waters customer satisfaction comment great company....very fast service!! i've been ordering from you for more than 6 years and always have been satisfied! submitted by m. poe customer satisfaction comment i am overall pleased w/the service and pricing. submitted by p. lediner customer satisfaction comment really enjoy the coupons and the great prices and customer service. submitted by c. mueller customer satisfaction comment satisfied customer submitted by p. wineberg customer satisfaction comment you were all so helpful with my order. i had a problem with my shipping address and the post office and your staff took care of it so quickly. i will never buy contacts from any one but you guys! thank you so much submitted by h. kenoyer customer satisfaction comment the international shipping option is great, the timing of the delivery was very good and i was all in all very happy. the prices are more expensive than on other websites, which is the only reason i might reconsider buying from somewhere else. otherwise, very happy. submitted by g. paone great experience! fast service, exactly what i needed!!! good price! thank you!!! :) submitted by anonymous customer satisfaction comment my delivery took 30 days to reach my house, but the delay is given on behalf of the customs of brazil. your company has been nimble in order, taking the product i wanted at a fair price. submitted by c. goncalves ribeiro guimaraes customer satisfaction comment i like that the speedy delivery and good prices compared to 1800 contacts submitted by y. salgado customer satisfaction comment ac does its job well. my suggestion is: don't change. keep up the good work. submitted by p. porrata customer satisfaction comment wonderful service and great prices. i will be back again to order contacts. submitted by r. dowdy customer satisfaction comment excellent service - the process was painless and i was delighted to receive my order within a day of placing my order. i'm extremely satisfied. many thanks for making my shopping experience such a pleasure. submitted by s. chandran customer satisfaction comment i am very pleased with the service i receive from you. you took my other contacts back when they did not work for my eyes and made the entire process so simple. frankly, though i normally shop on price for contact lenses i didn't even check other companies this time because i'm so happy with the service i have received from you. submitted by a. schumacher customer satisfaction comment very easy to order. loved having accesories available at the same time. submitted by j. osborne customer satisfaction comment keep up the good work! looking forward to ordering from you again! submitted by h. byl customer satisfaction comment i am asked to complete one of your serveys after each purchase which i think is rediculous. please ensure i don't get them in future. submitted by d. taylor customer satisfaction comment i always get first class service from your team, that's why i keep coming back. keep it up!! submitted by j. allen customer satisfaction comment very pleased with the prompt order and delivery time to the uk. regards kevin mills. submitted by k. mills customer satisfaction comment thank you again for the impeccable service. i am always amazed at how quickly the contact lens are shipped which is made even better by the fact that your prices beat everyone else. thanks again. submitted by i. purlantov customer satisfaction comment competitive prices and great delivery. submitted by g. sullivan customer satisfaction comment you always supply excellent service (and fast!)i would not use anyone else. submitted by c. koppel customer satisfaction comment i was extremely happy with the price of my contacts. then i realized the costumer service was the best. my contacts came very fast. i was surprised and very happy with everything. even extra savings on my next order. i couldn't be happier about the way you took care of my order. i am a very happy customer :d submitted by d. breniser customer satisfaction comment i am extremely satisfied with my purchase in aclens.availibility of my brand,prices and i didn't find hiding fees like others companies. submitted by s. fonseca customer satisfaction comment i liked how fast my contacts arrived as i was almost out! also liked that the prices were cheaper than the dr.s office! submitted by s. taylor customer satisfaction comment i was surprised and impressed at how often i was kept informed of the progress of my order. i received numerous emails at every stage of my order and that was helpful in easing my mind that everything was running smoothly. especially the emails letting me know that my rx had been received and approved, and also the email letting me know when my order had shipped. that way i was able to know when to look for the package. this was my first time ordering from ac lens, and i am very cautious about ordering items online because there is so much fraud. i have already recommended ac lens to my coworkers and friends, and i look forward to using ac lens in the future. you now have a custmer for many years to come! submitted by k. hughes customer satisfaction comment loved the customer service and loved the low prices. submitted by e. fonville customer satisfaction comment i was very pleased with the entire order/timeframe/pricing! submitted by c. hale customer satisfaction comment this is my second order from ac lens and it couldn't be easier. submitted by s. streckfus customer satisfaction comment highly impressed with ac lens!! i have ordered twice from you and each time, my order was shipped the same day and i received it within two days! exceptional customer service, prices, shipping and coupons! submitted by d. rogers customer satisfaction comment i have ordered from your company for several years and have been well pleased. submitted by e. houtman customer satisfaction comment more coupons!!! :) submitted by s. endler customer satisfaction comment great price and super fast shipping. thank you!! submitted by k. shirts customer satisfaction comment the shipping is a little expansive for the weight of the package..... submitted by m. auger customer satisfaction comment excellent service!! submitted by h. liao customer satisfaction comment i have always had exceptionally fast service with my orders and have recommended ac lens to many of my friends. submitted by s. day customer satisfaction comment great service , competitive prices, fast delivery keep up the good work submitted by a. mennella wow....best price anywhere and shipping fast just wanted to thank you guys for an extremly easy ordering process and superb customer service. you have the absolute best price anywhere (store-front or internet). the product almost came as fast as i could get it from the store. i will continue to use ac lens for future purchases. thanks again!!!! submitted by tony (virginia) customer satisfaction comment we have been very happy with the quality of aclens products and the timeliness of delivery of orders...would definitely recommend! submitted by d. sodergren customer satisfaction comment when there's a problem with the products don't refer us to the manufacturing company since we didn't order from them but from yours. submitted by y. griffin customer satisfaction comment my first order from your company was great. i will certainly be a repeat customer. submitted by s. bragg customer satisfaction comment nothing; just continue the excellent service. submitted by r. marti customer satisfaction comment i was trying to figure out where to enter my coupon code when i ordered and could not figure it until i had already processed the order. that should be clearer. that would be something to cause me not to reorder with ac submitted by n. baker customer satisfaction comment great service, fast shipping to apo address. will do business again. submitted by g. alexander customer satisfaction comment overall i am very pleased with my order. submitted by e. bryson stafford customer satisfaction comment i have been ordering from ac lens for years now and have always been completely satisfied with the service. goods arrive quickly and are well packaged submitted by g. ower customer satisfaction comment over all experience was very good :) thank you! submitted by a. minnock customer satisfaction comment i am so glad i came upon your website! i have already referred a few friends! submitted by s. dupler customer satisfaction comment they company is fast and efficient. the products are great. submitted by j. haskell customer satisfaction comment great online shopping experience. best prices and quick delivery. submitted by r. gross beats costco price i have been ordering from ac lens for nearly 10 years and cannot ask for better service. customer service has always been quick to respond to my inquiries and delivery is usually within 5 days. i compared price with costco and aclens is cheaper. keep up the great work. submitted by t. pham customer satisfaction comment fast shipping and prices were so much better than 1800contacts, which is who i have been using for the last 5 years. so glad i found you guys! submitted by b. vincent customer satisfaction comment i was very impressed with how easy you guys made things. i generally dislike ordering things off the internet due usually not being able to get ahold of anyone that seems to be able to help out. i didn't even have to call you guys for anything. i've already told some people about using you. you were also over 10$ a box cheaper that 800contacts! submitted by l. vaughn customer satisfaction comment your price was the best that i found on the internet. aclens contacted my dr. quickly and i received my contacts very fast. thank you. submitted by a. mayo customer satisfaction comment this was the first time i ordered on line and w/a company with which i was not familiar. i was extremely satisfied all the way around and plan to use your services in the future. thank you. submitted by p. lediner customer satisfaction comment thank you so much for fast shpping & sevice :-) submitted by a. mozaffari customer satisfaction comment unbelievable short amount of time for receiving orders...love you guys - faxing the prescription is also very convenient... submitted by l. causo customer satisfaction comment it would be nice if you imformed customers in yhe u.k. about extra charges ( tax and handeling fee)that is charged before getting items. submitted by w. quinn customer satisfaction comment better color changing contacts i use freshlook colorblends now...the blue is great, the green not so good...barely can tell color difference...i have brown eyes submitted by a. colvin customer satisfaction comment overall the experience was great. i was ordering for my wife and ended up using the (-) instead of the (+) because my prescription is (-). the error was caught by the csr's and brought to my attention for correction. they also contacted the doctor to verify the prescription before contacting me. e-mail order status was also helpful. submitted by c. ioakim less that a week i ordered my perscription swimming goggles friday afternoon and got them on the next monday! easy to put together. then i went swimming. i can see underwater! i'm just a pool swimmer, but they worked very well for me. i was worried about the fit. they're just fine on me. p.s. i was encouraged by your better business bureau rating of a+. submitted by anonymous swimming goggles i highly recommend doing business with ac lens. i purchased swimming goggles for my 9 yr son, and i used some goof off to get the sticker glue off and i ruined the lenses, that we couldn't use the goggles. i called ac lens and they sent me another pair, with a return label. they didn't have to do that, but they did. they have my business for life. i highly recommend doing business with them and i have told other people about them. this was my son's first pair of prescription goggles and they made such a huge difference. he had so much fun swimming in the ocean looking for sea shells. the whole time saying i can see the sand at the bottom. seeing his smile is priceless. thank you ac lens. you guys rock! submitted by lisa puts my faith back into customer service! i was a little worried about ordering my first time with ac lens. you never know what you are getting into. but the prices helped me get over my fear. i was thrilled to get an instant email stating that they received my order soon followed by another email stating that my lenses were in stock and ready to ship. the next day the third email came stating that they were on their way! i received both original sealed boxes and a small case as an extra bonus. it is a wonderful experience when everything is as it should be these days. ac lens, thank you and you have a customer for life. i will tell all my friends and co-workers about you. submitted by angela g wowed!! i recently started shopping online for my contacts...been wearing them for 15yrs and just recently found out i could order online! went with another company before i tried ac and was truly disappointed, no live operator, everything was through email, which weren't answered in 3-4 days...terrible!! so i went shopping again hesitantly...found ac tried them and loved them!! i will never shop anywhere else..shipping was super fast..kept me aware of the progress the whole time, truly satisfied...thank you for your excellent customer service! submitted by michelle won't shop anywhere else!!! submitted by anonymous service! i found this site after being unimpressed with the 1-800-contacts site prices. ac lens is great! their prices are better than my doctor, 1-800-contacts, and any other place i've seen unless you're buying in insane bulk. i needed my contacts fast, so i sprang for the expedited shipping. i've done this with other sites and then waited 4-7 days while kicking myself for having paid extra, but right after i had my prescription faxed in, my order had shipped! two days, later, my order was at my door. in addition, i must say i appreciate the tone of this site & their emails. it's apparent that this business is grateful for its customers, and that's the kind of business i want to support. submitted by hilary exceeded my expectations i searched the web for an affordable, quality pair of prescription strength swimming goggles. i also needed them in two weeks. i found aclens, and was pleased with the price, but amazed at the fast shipping... under 5 business days. will do business with aclens again. submitted by david customer service was excellent i tried to order from ac lens twice - both times there was a problem with my order, no fault of the company, and they called me the very next day to clear it up and get my order processed. seeing that you never really know when you order on-line, it was a pleasant suprise. i picked them to try because they weren't the "largest" or the "cheapest advertised price" (read added fees), so i thought may be reputable. i live in an adjacent state, so the shipment came quickly. submitted by jill i switched over this is the first time i had ever heard of ac lens and decided try it out. i'm so glad i did. i used to buy my contacts through that website that is advertised all over the place. yeah, you know which one i'm talking about. i did a price comparison and saved almost $60 dollars by switching over to ac lens. and the speed of delivery was amazing. my order shipped out on the 2nd of march and arrived today, march 4th. i am completely satisfied with ac lens' customer service. submitted by yuliana excellent service yet again!! i placed an order with ac lens and was quite prepared to wait 10 -14 days for international priority mail to new zealand, to deliver my order. to my surprise, when i opened my letterbox this morning, there was my order, - six days later! yet again i am impressed with the expedient service. well done ac lens! submitted by deb very satisfied i have to say i used another supplier in the past and your service and price was far better! very fast and accurate. thank you and i will tell my friends! submitted by k clark surpassed my expectations! i am going to be faithful to this company, because they did right by me. both times, i received my lenses fast, and the orders were accurate. the price was even lower than another popular internet lens retailer, who i shall not name. i am very pleased with ac lens! submitted by anonymous customer service is tops i was a little leery about ordering my contacts from an online vendor, but with the great prices that were $10.00 a box cheaper than what my eye doctor charges i couldn't pass it up. my doctor gave me 2 different prescriptions for coloured contacts (i was trying on the demo pairs and then i was going to decide which brand i wanted), well leave it to me to order the wrong ones. well i emailed them and asked them to cancel the order. unfortunately they already went out but when i called and emailed customer service the people i spoke to couldn't be nicer they told me what to do and just reject the first order when fedex came to my door and they would credit me when they received them. the service is super fast!!! i used expedited service which i believe is 3-5 days they came in2 2!!! i am certainly ordering from them again! submitted by liz the best service i've had....anywhere my first experience with ac lens started off roughly. a few days after my first order, online tracking had informed me that my shipment of contacts was delivered. perhaps a neighborhood dog ran off with it or it was delivered to the wrong address, but the package was nowhere to be found. i frantically called the shipping company who was less than helpful. then, i proceeded to call ac lens. after a simple explanation of my dilemma, the customer service representative apologized for the inconvenience and rushed a new order for me. no hassle whatsoever. the order arrived promptly and successfully the second time. i just placed my second order with ac lens two days ago, half expecting that the great service the first time was a fluke. i have already received my contacts. furthermore, the prices here are consistently low. literally, the best shopping experience and customer service i have ever had, anywhere. thanks ac lens! submitted by sarah c this is what i call great service and fast! i am fairly new to contact lens wear and have already ordered from two other on line services for contact lenses and my early experiences left me believing one better order in plenty of time like at least two weeks minimum before one can expect to receive the lenses. i thought maybe one had to expect slow service if the shipping was free but imagine my surprise when i placed my order monday night and here it was wednesday about noon and my lenses are here already! no need to pay the much higher doctors office fee to receive them in one or two days! i am very pleased and will use ac lens for all my future eye care and contact lens needs. submitted by aj i recently ordered some contact lenses from you (former lens.com user) that i needed right away. you were the only site i found that not only had the lenses in stock, but you had the lowest price! your sales people were professional and personable, little or no waiting, and i was treated as if i was your only customer. i got my lenses as promised! thanks! <br><br> now i received an email keeping me up to date in the status of when my lenses will ship! that's what i call customer service! <br><br> i've been recommending you to all of my optically challenged friends,and an especially a skeptical friend has already given you a try. needless to say he was very pleased with your service ("it was easier, less expensive, and i got my lenses faster than going to my eye doctor!) <br><br> i got to say, "i told you so!" thanks! submitted by jimmy i just wanted to let you know that i think you run a fantastic company. i've been ordering my contacts from you for years and, besides offering great prices, reordering is easy and fast, and your customer support is truly amazing. everyone i've dealt with through the years goes above and beyond to ensure that i'm satisfied. i've never had even a neutral experience with you - they are always been positive. submitted by shanna aclens is awesome! i love this place! great prices! great service! submitted by anonymous i wanted to let you know how thrilled i am with the aclens customer service and with the contact lenses that i received yesterday. the communication throughout the entire ordering process was wonderful, and the notifications about shipping were extremely accurate. i couldn't be happier and wanted to let you know. submitted by janet you are fantastic! is there someone i can speak with and/or email to "sing your praises?" i cannot thatnk you enough for doing this! i am currently on hold to place the order, so hopefully this wil all go through today! thanks again. i owe you one -- big time! great service and easy to order and follow through is great. submitted by joan i was leaving on a surf trip and needed contact lens fast. they arrived in plenty of time. thanks ! submitted by brad if you will always provide me with the same service, it's just super buying from you. submitted by jeff thank you for all your advice! you have been the best customer service assistant in any company that i have ever had contact with... submitted by agnes keep up the good work, and customer satisfaction. good job. submitted by donald was very impressed, much more than with 1800contacts, who were very disappointing. submitted by kara i work for a major online catalog company, and see many great aspects on this site as we have available at work, i would (and have) recommended this site to many of my friends! keep up the good work! wouldn't change a thing. submitted by courtney customer service comment just wanted to drop a note to tell you how great i think it is that with literally two clicks i was able to reorder contact lenses and for a great price. what a time and hassle saver. i was not ready to reorder when your email first came through, but i saved it and the links were still live 4 months later. you have a good thing going and i just wanted to say that i appreciate the way you do business. submitted by matt sign up for exclusive offers: if you are having any unexplained eye discomfort, watering, vision change or redness, remove your lenses immediately and consult your eye care professional before wearing your lenses again. all information, articles, photos, images, logos, and content copyright ac lens 1996 - 2014. customer service ordering contact lenses reordering faq privacy help shipping info order tracking returns corporate info about ac lens contact ac lens press center affiliate program find products sitemap lens catalog accessoriesprescription eyeglasses reading glasses sunglasses community ac lens on youtube ac lens on twitter ac lens on google+ contact lens blog ac lens on twitter ac lens on facebook contact lens coupons contact lens health testimonials