来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171228022252/https://www.aclens.com/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questionsskip to main content free shipping over $99 1-888-248-lens sign in or create account sign in to reorder stay logged inforgot your password?don't have an account?signing up is easy. register here help live chat contact us faq shipping returns 1-888-248-lens mon-fri: 8:00am - 8:00pm est sat: 9:00am - 5:30pm est sun: 12:00pm - 7:00pm est there are no items in your cart.search contacts eyeglasses sunglasses readers eye care sale discount acuvue contacts discount air optix contacts discount bausch and lomb contacts discount biofinity contacts clariti discount dailies contacts discount freshlook contacts discount proclear contacts ultra more brands contact lens types daily disposables weekly disposables monthly disposables colored contacts halloween contacts toric astigmatism multifocal presbyopia rgp custom contacts vial conventional 1-day acuvue 1-day acuvue define 30 pack 1-day acuvue define 90 pack 1-day acuvue moist 30 pack 1-day acuvue moist 90 pack 1-day acuvue moist for astigmatism 30 pack 1-day acuvue moist for astigmatism 90 pack 1-day acuvue moist multifocal 30 pack 1-day acuvue moist multifocal 90 pack 1-day acuvue trueye 30 pack 1-day acuvue trueye 90 pack acuvue 2 acuvue advance plus acuvue oasys 1-day for astigmatism 30 pack acuvue oasys 1-day with hydraluxe 90 pack acuvue oasys 2-week 12 pack acuvue oasys 2-week 24 pack acuvue oasys annual supply pack for 1-week overnight use acuvue oasys for astigmatism acuvue oasys for presbyopia acuvue vita acuvue vita for astigmatismair optix aqua air optix aqua multifocal air optix colors air optix for astigmatism air optix night & day aqua air optix plus hydraglydebiofinity biofinity energys biofinity multifocal biofinity toric biofinity xr biofinity xr toricclariti 1-day (sphere) 90-pack clariti 1-day multifocal 30-pack clariti 1-day multifocal 90-pack clariti 1-day toric 30-pack clariti 1-day toric 90-packdailies aquacomfort plus 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 90 pack dailies total1 30 pack dailies total1 90 pack dailies total1 multifocal 30 pack dailies total1 multifocal 90 pack focus dailies 30 pack focus dailies 90 packfreshlook colorblends freshlook colors freshlook dimensions freshlook one-day freshlook vtbausch + lomb ultra bausch + lomb ultra for presbyopia biotrue oneday (30 pack) biotrue oneday (90 pack) biotrue oneday for presbyopia (30 pack) optima 38 sp optima toric optima toric 2 pack purevision purevision multi-focal purevision toric for astigmatism purevision2 purevision2 multi-focal for presbyopia purevision2 toric for astigmatism soflens 38 soflens daily disposable - 90 pack soflens daily disposable toric for astigmatism 30 pack soflens multi-focal soflens toric for astigmatismproclear 1 day 30 pack proclear 1 day 90 pack proclear 1 day multifocal 30-pack proclear 1 day multifocal 90 pack proclear multifocal proclear multifocal toric proclear multifocal xr proclear sphere proclear toric proclear toric xrbausch + lomb ultra bausch + lomb ultra for presbyopia discount alcon contacts avaira discount biomedics contacts biotrue discount boston contacts clearsight expressions discount extreme h2o contacts fluoroperm discount focus contacts frequency hydrasoft myday optimum preference discount proclear contacts discount purevision2 contacts discount soflens contacts vertex view all brands shopmen's glasseswomen's glasseskid's glassesall eyeglassestop brandslunettosguessfatheadzjohn lennonoakley view all brands view all eyeglasses brands frame styleclassic eyeglassesdesigner eyeglassesfashion eyeglassesvintage eyeglassesframe shape aviator aviator eyeglasses cat eye cat eye eyeglasses oval oval eyeglasses rectangle rectangle eyeglasses round round eyeglasses square square eyeglasses top colors black eyeglasses brown eyeglasses gray eyeglasses blue eyeglasses tortoise eyeglasses pink eyeglasses view all colors view all eyeglasses colors shopmen's sunglasseswomen's sunglasseskid's sunglassesall sunglassestop brandsray-ban®babiatorsfatheadzoakleylunettos view all brands view all sunglasses brands frame styleclassic sunglassesdesigner sunglassesfashion sunglassesvintage sunglassesframe shape aviator aviator sunglasses cat eye cat eye sunglasses oval oval sunglasses rectangle rectangle sunglasses round round sunglasses square square sunglasses top colors black sunglasses tortoise sunglasses brown sunglasses blue sunglasses red sunglasses gray sunglasses view all colors view all sunglasses colors shopmen's readerswomen's readersall readerstop brandspeeperscaloptixthinopticsevolutioneyesfoster grant view all brands view all readers brands frame styleclassic readersdesigner readersfashion readersframe shape oval oval readers rectangle rectangle readers round round readers square square readers top colors black readers blue readers tortoise readers purple readers brown readers silver readers view all colors view all readers colors eye care brandsbausch & lomb biotrue boston clear care clear eyes eye science labsgenteal lobob nature's tears ocusoft ocuvite opti-freepreservision purilens refresh renu similisan systane visineproduct types computer vision aides cosmetics dry & red eye treatments inserts & removers lens cases safety glasses solutions & cleaners swimming goggles vitamins & supplements other eyecare products free shipping + free returns live chat contact us faq shipping returns 1-888-248-lens mon-fri: 8:00am - 8:00pm est sat: 9:00am - 5:30pm est sun: 12:00pm - 7:00pm est search contacts top selling brands >discount acuvue contacts discount air optix contacts discount biofinity contacts discount dailies contacts discount freshlook contacts discount bausch and lomb contacts discount purevision contacts discount frequency contacts discount alcon contacts more brands contact lens types daily disposables weekly disposables monthly disposables colored lenses halloween lenses toric astigmatism multifocal presbyopia rgp custom lenses vial conventional glasses men's glasseswomen's glasseskid's glassesall glassessunglassesmen's sunglasseswomen's sunglasseskid's sunglassesall sunglassesreadersmen's readerswomen's readersall readers eye care product types computer vision aides cosmetics dry & red eye treatments inserts & removers lens cases safety glasses solutions & cleaners swimming goggles vitamins & supplements other eyecare products eye care brandsbausch & lombbiotruebostonclear careclear eyeseye science labsgenteallobobnature's tearsocusoftocuviteopti-freepreservisionpurilensrefreshrenusimilisansystanevisinesalefrequently asked questionswhat can we help you with? shipping returns coupons ordering prescriptiontop faqs for shippingcan i wear soft contact lenses if i have astigmatism?yes, you can wear a special type of soft contact lens called a toric lens which will correct your astigmatism.can i wear soft contact lenses if i need bifocals?yes, there are a number of contact lenses designed for people who need bifocal (multifocal) correction.is a contact lens prescription different than a glasses prescription?yes. when you order contact lenses, you must have a current contact lens prescription which specifies the power of the lenses, the size of the lens, the type and brand of lens.if my 2 week disposable lenses are still comfortable and in good condition beyond 2 weeks, can i continue to wear the same pair?in order to maintain optimal eye health and comfort, it is important to adhere to the wearing schedule prescribed by your doctor. the main advantage of wearing disposable lenses is that you are putting a fresh new pair of lenses in your eyes every 2 weeks. also, the convenient cleaning regimen of a disposable lens is only adequate for a 2 week wearing schedule.if i only wear my 2 week disposable contacts part time, do i still have to replace them every 2 weeks?no, the 2 weeks refers to the actual amount of wearing time so they can last longer than 2 weeks if you are not wearing them full time.your website lists my lens as 2 week disposable, but my doctor says i can wear them for 4 weeks. which is correct?the lens wearing schedules on our website are provided by contact lens manufacturers. however, doctors may decide on a different wearing schedule (shorter or longer) for an individual patient based on wearing habits, lifestyle, cleaning methods etc. you should always follow the wearing schedule prescribed by your doctor.what's the difference between rigid gas permeable (rgp) lenses and soft lenses?rgps are smaller and made out of a harder, less pliable material than soft lenses which makes them less comfortable initially. rgps correct some astigmatism whereas soft spherical lenses do not.can i swim with my contact lenses in?it is best if you don't because there are bacteria in the water that can adhere to your lenses and cause infections. if you do swim in your lenses, you should wear goggles over them and you should disinfect them immediately afterwards.why is it necessary for contact lens wearers to have regular eye exams even if their prescription hasn't changed?regular eye exams are important not only to check your prescription but also to evaluate the health of your eyes. this is especially important for contact lens wearers because the contacts could be causing damage to your eyes without necessarily causing any obvious symptoms.i wear contact lenses and in order for me to read, i have to wear reading glasses over them. are there any other alternatives whereby i don't have to wear glasses at all?yes, the most common option is called monovision where one eye is corrected for viewing distant objects and the other eye is corrected for reading and close work. monovision is a good solution for some people, but not everybody can successfully adapt to the arrangement. another alternative is bifocal contact lenses which are available in both rigid gas permeable or soft lens designs.do colored contact lenses work on dark eyes?yes, they are called opaque contacts. year-long (daily wear and extended wear) opaque contacts are available in many different colors and shades. there are also several disposable colored lenses for dark eyes including freshlook colors.do i still need a prescription if i just want contacts to change my eye color?yes, you still need to be fitted for the lenses even if you don't need vision correction. this is because contact lenses are medical devices and wearing them can affect the health of your eyes.how does the federal law fairness to contact lens consumers act affect me?on february 4th, 2004, a federal law called the fairness to contact lens consumers act went into effect. this law made it much easier for you to enjoy the savings and convenience of ordering on-line from ac lens.where is your company headquartered?we are located in columbus, ohio. our location is ideal for rapid distribution throughout the country.how long have you been in business?we have been selling online since 1996. in that time we have served over 500,000 customers located in all 50 states and around the world.how can you offer such low prices on contact lenses?we can offer low pricing because of our large purchasing power. we are able to negotiate the best possible pricing from contact lens manufacturers and distributors. we simply pass those savings along to our customers.how can i be sure i receive email offers and updates from you?you should add service@aclens.com to your whitelist or "friends" to make sure our emails are correctly received. if you change your email address, please take a moment to log-in to your account, and update to the new address.how long does it take for my lenses to arrive?98% of all us orders arrive within the 7-10 day delivery time stated on our website. however, the vast majority of orders that are shipped from stock will arrive significantly sooner.how do i read my eyeglass prescription?while you don't need to completely understand how to read your eyeglass prescription to place an order on ac lens, you'll need to know the basics in order to select and order the right lenses for your eyes. if you don't have a copy of your prescription, or are not sure how to read it, rest assured that as long as you have your doctor's information we can contact your doctor directly in order to obtain your correct prescription.i want to purchase eyeglasses through ac lens, but this prescription stuff is confusing. is there an easier way?absolutely! you can always leave the prescription fields blank when ordering, and then either send us a copy of your prescription, or give us your eye doctor's contact information and we will collect your prescription information directly; ensuring that your prescription is correct while you remain free of worry!what is the difference between bifocal and progressive bifocal?bifocal eyeglass prescriptions were originally only able to be corrected with lenses called lined bifocals; these types of glasses have a visible line at the point where the prescription changes from near to far vision. progressive bifocals are lenses that have no visible line and gradually change from near to far vision in a way that is easier for your eyes to adjust to. ac lens currently only offers progressive bifocal lenses. unless your prescription notes "bifocal only" or "no progressives", then you can use your bifocal prescription to place an order for progressive bifocal lenses.what if my doctor says i need bifocal correction in only one eye?ac lens is only able to process orders with one type of lens per frame. since a prescription with bifocal correction in only one eye would require a progressive lens in one eye and a single vision lens in the other, we are unable to fulfill these types of orders. we apologize for the inconvenience.my prescription has expired or it doesn't have an expiration date, can i still order glasses?we can only fill orders for unexpired prescriptions. if your prescription does not have an expiration date, then the expiration date is either 1 or 2 years from your exam date, depending on your doctor's preference. we will verify your prescription with your doctor and notify you if the prescription is expired. some doctors offer prescription extensions if your current lenses have broken. we must verify these exceptions through your doctor though.will there be any extra fees for creating my prescription lenses?nope! as long as you selected the correct lens type (single vision vs. progressive bifocal), the cost you see at checkout will be the cost you pay. not all lens requests are guaranteed though. if our lab is unable to create the requested prescription for the selected lens or frame, we will contact you immediately in order to select a lens/frame that works.why does ac lens convert positive (+) cylinder values to negative (-) values?ophthalmologists and some optometrists write astigmatism prescriptions with positive (+) cylinders. this is because many years ago the instruments used to measure and cut lenses were only able to do so in positive increments. nowadays the majority of labs, including ours, cut lenses in the negative (-), and require that any positive (+) cylinder prescriptions be converted into the negative (-) equivalent. rest assured this conversion does not alter the type or quality of the vision correction that your doctor prescribed you. the conversion will affect (change) the sph, cyl, and ax parameters in your prescription, but will result in the exact same vision correction you were fit for by your doctor. we automatically perform this conversion if the prescription you enter is written with a positive (+) cylinder.what's the difference between my eyeglasses prescription and contact lens prescription?an eyeglass prescription is not a contact lens prescription, and cannot be used to order contact lenses and vice versa. each prescription contains information that is specific to the type of correction. contact lenses sit directly on the eye whereas glasses are worn on the bridge of the nose. the distance between these two spaces dramatically changes the level of correction for each type. also, not everyone who needs eyeglasses can wear contact lenses.does ac lens accept vision insurance?ac lens does not accept vision insurance as payment for orders, but we do provide a receipt which can be submitted to your insurance company as an out-of-network purchase. make sure you consult with your insurance provider before you place your order to determine whether they reimburse out-of-network purchases and/or whether they have reimbursement limits for out-of-network purchases.does ac lens offer repair services?ac lens does not offer repairs services at this time. please consider visiting a local optical store for assistance with repair requests.does ac lens sell replacement parts?ac lens does not sell replacement parts. you can check with your local eye doctor to see if they can assist you with replacement parts, or you can contact the manufacturer directly to find out where their replacement parts are sold.can ac lens make lenses for my existing frames?ac lens does not currently offer lenses-only orders for frames that were not originally purchased through ac lens. but, if you are looking to replace the lenses in a pair of eyeglasses that you purchased through ac lens you can contact our customer service department to set up a lens remake order. please note: this process will require you to mail-in your existing frames, though we will provide you with free return postage.what happens if my doctor changes my prescription after i receive my glasses?if your doctor changes your prescription due to vision problems you are experiencing with your recent glasses purchase, we will replace your lenses one time for free. you must return the frames to us within 30 days from the delivery date. the replacement lenses will be made with the same lens material and treatments that were previously selected, and will require you to mail-in your existing frames, though we will provide you with free return postage.what are the best eyeglass lenses for my prescription?choosing lenses for your new glasses has a lot to do with preference, but some lens materials and treatments are better for certain lifestyles and prescriptions. you can read over the lens options to find the best fit for you.more infodoes ac lens sell prescription sunglasses or transitions®?yes—we offer transitions® lenses, as well as single vision prescription sunglasses.do i get a case or cleaning cloth with my glasses?some manufacturers provide custom eyeglass cases and cloths with their frames. any frames that do not come with custom cases or cloths will be shipped with a basic case and cleaning cloth free of charge.how do i know my prescription will be correct?in order to make sure you receive your glasses with the correct prescription we will always contact your doctor directly to confirm your prescription. you can rest assured that what you are prescribed will be what you receive. our lab has over 50 years of experience with creating lenses, and all lenses are double checked by an optical specialist immediately prior to shipment.how do progressive lenses work?progressive lenses provide bifocal vision correction, but with no visible lines! lined bifocals have a distinct line or etch in the lens which visibly indicates where the lens switches from reading to distance vision. progressive lenses are able to complete the transition between the vision corrections smoothly; letting your eyes naturally move between reading and distance vision without the distracting line in your lenses.what are uv rays?ultraviolet rays are rays located beyond the visible spectrum. uv rays are categorized into three types: uva, uvb, and uvc. - uva: most common throughout the year. these rays pass through glass so the can be harmful both indoors and outdoors. - uvb: the most dangerous type of uv rays and the primary cause of skin burning and retina harm. rays do not pass through glass. - uvc: blocked by the earth's ozone layer and do not reach the earth's surface.can i buy prescription sunglasses?yes! we offer single vision prescription sunglasses.what are polarized lenses?polarized lenses contain a special filter that reduces glare. these lenses are very popular amongst people who enjoy the outdoors, especially watersports.how do i clean sunglasses?sunglasses should be cleaned using a lint-free, non-abrasive cloth. we recommend using a lens cleaner as well.do i need to wear sunglasses on a cloudy day?uv rays still permeate through clouds and can still cause damage to your eyes. it is recommended you wear protective eyewear on both sunny and cloudy days.do mirrored lenses offer better uv protection than standard lenses?no. mirrored lenses are coated with a metallic coating that is partially reflective. mirrored lenses are good for sports and driving where glare is an issue.what are photochromic lenses?this type of lens automatically darkens and lightens in direct response to sunlight. with this convenient feature, this lens enables you to wear one pair of eyeglasses without having to switch between prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses. they are also great for kids who spend a lot of their time outdoors.are sunglasses safe to wear for sports?yes. sunglasses frames and lenses are required to be shatter proof by the fda. they provide safety from the sun and act as protective eyewear as well.what are reading glasses?reading glasses are non-prescription eyeglasses that help correct close-range vision issues. people with presbyopia primarily wear reading glasses.what are bifocal sunglasses?this type of eyeglass offers both the benefit of sunglasses and close-range focus, all in one lens. these non-prescription eyewear are versatile for outdoor reading and activities.what is diopter?a diopter is a unit of measurement, specifically, magnification. the larger the number, the more powerful the magnification and the easier to read text.what are sun readers?"sun readers" is just another name for bifocal sunglasses.is a prescription required to purchase reading glasses?no. reading glasses are available in standard, select powers, typically ranging from +1.00 to +4.00.what is presbyopia?it is a condition that progresses with age where the eyes diminish in the ability to focus on near objects. reading glasses help magnify object or text, thus relieving strain on your eyes.what type of lenses can i wear swimming?it is not recommended to wear contacts or eyeglasses when swimming. prescription swimming goggles are a safe alternative to wear swimming.what are uv protected swimming goggles?similar to sunglasses, these swimming goggles offer uv protection to the eyes.is it safe to use any eyedrops when wearing contacts?no. only eyedrops specifically designed for contact wearers should be used.what are computer glasses?for those who spend a significant amount of time on a computer, special glasses have been developed. special anti-reflective lenses reduce glare from a bright screen to help reduce eye strain and headaches.do i need to replace my contact case?yes. bacteria and enzymes collect in your contact case over time. it is highly recommended you replace your contact case with every contact replacement. replace your case at least every month if you have extended wear contacts.ac lens return policyac lens has one of the most customer friendly policies in the online optical industry including making product returns quick, easy, and most importantly - free. if for any reason, you are unsatisfied with your order, ac lens offers free return shipping so you never have to worry about receiving the wrong size, color, product defects, or even if you're just unsatisfied with the product purchased.what if i find a better price on another website after i bought contact lenses from you?we'll happily price match contacts from authorized online retailers up to seven days after the purchase date.more infocan i pay using my fsa or hsa?glasses and contact lenses are a valid use of fsa/hsa funds, however, plano (non-prescription/cosmetic) lenses are not. please contact your fsa/hsa administrator for more information about whether your contact lenses are eligible.more infowhat do i need to know about special effects contact lenses?everything you need to know is on our halloween faq page.more infosee moreno search results free shipping over $99 more stock and faster shipping than your eye doctor. (it's true!) never miss a sale!email sign up×thanks for joining us!you’re officially on our email list for smart and stylish people. you’re gonna look like a million bucks.×we hate glitches, toounfortunately, we weren’t able to add you to our email list—just give our customer service team a call and they’ll get it sorted out in no time. need help? chat live with us customer supportcustomer serviceshippingreturnscorporate informationour storyterms of service open dialogprivacy policyhipaa notificationaffiliate programaccessibility statementsitemaphipaa notificationaffiliate programaccessibility statementsitemap switch currency $ / usd £ / gbp € / eur ¥ / jpy c$ / cad about ssl certificates opens in a new window ×close ×close aclens.com https://www.aclens.com/https://www.aclens.com/+1-888-248-lens customer service