来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231152336/https://www.aclens.com/ShoppingCart
================================================================================

your shopping cart skip to main content new customer offer save 20%* use promo: p52t23r4on all contact lenses* xclose new customer discount - save 20%we know that it takes some effort to try something new. we think our service will make your life easier, and we want you to give us a shot, so we are offering new customers a special incentive. new customers can use the code p52t23r4 during checkout and save 20% on their order. this offer is applicable to the regular price of items on the order and does not apply to shipping charges or sales tax. offer cannot be combined with other coupons, sales, or special offers. this promotion is limited to first time customers only. we reserve the right to modify or discontinue this promotion at any time. free shipping over $99 sign in or create account mini log in formsign in to reorder email password stay logged in sign inforgot your password?don't have an account?signing up is easy. register here register here help contact us faq shipping returns 1-888-248-lens (5367) mon-fri: 8:00am - 8:00pm est sat: 9:00am - 5:30pm est sun: 12:00pm - 7:00pm est favorites shopping cart shopping cart close there are no items in your cart. search contacts eyeglasses sunglasses readers eye care sale discount acuvue contacts discount air optix contacts discount biofinity contacts discount bausch and lomb contacts clariti discount dailies contacts discount freshlook contacts discount proclear contacts ultra more brands discount acuvue contacts discount air optix contacts discount bausch and lomb contacts discount biofinity contacts clariti discount dailies contacts discount freshlook contacts discount proclear contacts ultra more brands contact lens types daily disposables weekly disposables monthly disposables colored contacts toric astigmatism multifocal presbyopia rgp custom contacts vial conventional 1-day acuvue define 30 pack 1-day acuvue moist 30 pack 1-day acuvue moist 90 pack 1-day acuvue moist for astigmatism 30 pack 1-day acuvue moist for astigmatism 90 pack 1-day acuvue moist multifocal 30 pack 1-day acuvue moist multifocal 90 pack 1-day acuvue trueye 30 pack 1-day acuvue trueye 90 pack acuvue 2 acuvue oasys 1-day for astigmatism 30 pack acuvue oasys 1-day with hydraluxe 90 pack acuvue oasys 2-week 12 pack acuvue oasys 2-week 24 pack acuvue oasys for astigmatism acuvue oasys for presbyopia acuvue vita acuvue vita for astigmatismair optix aqua air optix aqua multifocal air optix aqua multifocal subscription 3-pack air optix colors air optix colors 2-pack air optix for astigmatism air optix night & day aqua air optix night & day aqua subscription 3-pack air optix plus hydraglyde air optix plus hydraglyde multifocal air optix plus hydraglyde subscription 3-packbiofinity biofinity energys biofinity multifocal biofinity toric biofinity xr biofinity xr toricclariti 1-day (sphere) 90-pack clariti 1-day multifocal 30-pack clariti 1-day multifocal 90-pack clariti 1-day toric 30-pack clariti 1-day toric 90-packdailies aquacomfort plus 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 90 pack dailies total1 30 pack dailies total1 90 pack dailies total1 multifocal 30 pack dailies total1 multifocal 90 pack focus dailies 30 pack focus dailies 90 packfreshlook colorblends freshlook colors freshlook dimensions freshlook one-day freshlook vtbausch + lomb ultra bausch + lomb ultra for astigmatism bausch + lomb ultra for presbyopia biotrue oneday (30 pack) biotrue oneday (90 pack) biotrue oneday for astigmatism (90 pack) biotrue oneday for presbyopia (30 pack) biotrue oneday for presbyopia (90 pack) optima 38 sp optima toric optima toric 2 pack purevision purevision multi-focal purevision toric for astigmatism purevision2 purevision2 multi-focal for presbyopia purevision2 toric for astigmatism soflens 38 soflens daily disposable - 90 pack soflens daily disposable toric for astigmatism 30 pack soflens multi-focal soflens toric for astigmatismproclear 1 day 90 pack proclear 1 day multifocal 90 pack proclear multifocal proclear multifocal toric proclear multifocal xr proclear sphere proclear toric proclear toric xrbausch + lomb ultra bausch + lomb ultra for astigmatism bausch + lomb ultra for presbyopia alcon avaira biomedics biotrue boston clearsight coopervision expressions extreme h2o fluoroperm focus frequency hydrasoft johnson & johnson myday optimum proclear purevision2 soflens vertex view all brands shopmen's glasseswomen's glasseskid's glassesall eyeglassestop brandslunettosguessmiraflexjohn lennonoakley view all brands view all eyeglasses brands frame typefull frame eyeglassesrimless eyeglassessemi-rimless eyeglassesframe shape browline browline eyeglasses cat eye cat eye eyeglasses oval oval eyeglasses rectangle rectangle eyeglasses round round eyeglasses square square eyeglasses top colors black eyeglasses brown eyeglasses gray eyeglasses clear eyeglasses blue eyeglasses tortoise eyeglasses pink eyeglasses gold eyeglasses view all colors view all eyeglasses colors shopmen's sunglasseswomen's sunglasseskid's sunglassesall sunglassestop brandsray-ban®picklezfatheadzoakleylunettos view all brands view all sunglasses brands lens typemirrored sunglassespolarized sunglassesprescription sunglassesframe shape aviator aviator sunglasses cat eye cat eye sunglasses oval oval sunglasses rectangle rectangle sunglasses round round sunglasses square square sunglasses top colors black sunglasses tortoise sunglasses brown sunglasses blue sunglasses red sunglasses gray sunglasses view all colors view all sunglasses colors shopmen's readerswomen's readersall readerstop brandspeeperslunettosthinopticsevolutioneyesfoster grant view all brands view all readers brands lens typesingle vision readersbifocal readerscomputer readerssun readerframe shape oval oval readers rectangle rectangle readers round round readers square square readers top colors black readers blue readers tortoise readers purple readers brown readers silver readers view all colors view all readers colors eye care brandsbausch & lomb biotrue boston clear care clear eyesgenteal lobob nature's tears ocusoft opti-freepurilens refresh renu similisan systane visineproduct types computer vision aides cosmetics dry & red eye treatments inserters & removers lens cases protective eyewear solutions & cleaners swimming goggles other eyecare products new customer offer save 20%* use promo: p52t23r4on all contact lenses* xclose new customer discount - save 20%we know that it takes some effort to try something new. we think our service will make your life easier, and we want you to give us a shot, so we are offering new customers a special incentive. new customers can use the code p52t23r4 during checkout and save 20% on their order. this offer is applicable to the regular price of items on the order and does not apply to shipping charges or sales tax. offer cannot be combined with other coupons, sales, or special offers. this promotion is limited to first time customers only. we reserve the right to modify or discontinue this promotion at any time. call ac lens open faq info close faq info my account my favorites shopping cart shopping cart contact us faq shipping returns 1-888-248-lens (5367) mon-fri: 8:00am - 8:00pm est sat: 9:00am - 5:30pm est sun: 12:00pm - 7:00pm est open menu close menu search contacts >discount acuvue contacts discount air optix contacts discount biofinity contacts discount dailies contacts discount freshlook contacts discount bausch and lomb contacts discount purevision contacts discount frequency contacts discount alcon contacts more brands contact lens types daily disposables weekly disposables monthly disposables colored lenses toric astigmatism multifocal presbyopia rgp custom lenses vial conventional glasses men's glasseswomen's glasseskid's glassesall glassessunglassesmen's sunglasseswomen's sunglasseskid's sunglassesall sunglassesreadersmen's readerswomen's readersall readers eye care product types computer vision aides cosmetics dry & red eye treatments inserters & removers lens cases protective eyewear solutions & cleaners swimming goggles other eyecare products eye care brandsbausch & lombbiotruebostonclear careclear eyesgenteallobobnature's tearsocusoftopti-freepurilensrefreshrenusimilisansystanevisinesaletop selling brands top brands acuvue air optix biofinity biomedics boston dailies focus frequency freshlook proclear purevision purevision2 soflens contact lens types lens types bifocal & multifocal colored conventional cosmetic and fashion daily disposable halloween contact lenses monthly disposable rgp toric weekly disposable contact lens manufacturers manufacturer alcon bausch & lomb coopervision johnson & johnson product categories contact lens cases eye drops eyeglasses glasses accessories reading glasses solutions & cleaners sunglasses swimming goggles your shopping cartthere are no items in your cart. free shipping over $99 more stock and faster shipping than your eye doctor. (it's true!)follow us facebook opens in a new window instagram opens in a new window twitter opens in a new window never miss a sale! email sign up close thanks for joining us!you’re officially on our email list for smart and stylish people. you’re gonna look like a million bucks. close we hate glitches, toounfortunately, we weren’t able to add you to our email list—just give our customer service team a call and they’ll get it sorted out in no time. need help? chat live with us customer supportcustomer serviceshippingreturnscorporate informationour storycareersterms of serviceprivacy policyhipaa notificationaffiliate programaccessibility statementsitemapcorporate information continued hipaa notificationaffiliate programaccessibility statementsitemapswitch currency $ / usd ¥ / jpy c$ / cad about ssl certificates opens in a new window close privacy policylast updated: 8/30/2018welcome to the web site of ac lens (“aclens.com”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). the following privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and share the information we receive about you or your device when you use our web site and associated mobile applications (“web site”).please read this privacy policy carefully. by accessing and using our web site, you agree that you have read, understand and are bound by the terms and conditions set forth herein. the privacy policy is incorporated into and made a part of our terms of use. as part of the terms of use, the privacy policy constitutes a legally binding agreement between you and us. the terms of use contain a binding arbitration agreement and class action waiver clause. if you do not agree with any part of this privacy policy or our terms of use, please do not use or access the services. you should review this privacy policy periodically as we may update it from time to time.personal information collectednon-personal informationhow we use and share informationopt-out providedcontests and drawingslinks to third party sitesblogtestimonialssocial media widgetsprescription verificationsecuritychildren’s policyupdating your informationyour california privacy rightscalifornia transparency in supply chains actcalifornia proposition 65changes to this privacy policycontact uspersonal information collectedin general, you can use and visit our web site without submitting any personal information; however, in order to utilize and access certain features, you may need to submit your personal information. “personal information” refers to any information that you provide in connection with your use of our web site by which you can be personally identified. personal information may include but is not limited to such things as your name, street address, telephone number, date of birth, e-mail address and any other information which might reasonably be used to identify you. we only obtain personal information from you when you submit it to us or provide it on our web site, which requires it in order to allow you to register, subscribe or take advantage of certain features, functions, services, activities, and promotions on our web site. ac lens collects information about its customers both during the order process and as customers navigate the web site. this information will be used to process your order and deliver it to you in a timely fashion.for example, when you place an order online, we ask for your name, zip code, email address and telephone number in order to place the order and contact you if we need to. if you choose to participate in our survey, you have the option of providing us with personal information such as your name, telephone number and email address so that we can respond to any complaints and improve your shopping experience. you also may choose to contact us regarding career opportunities, customer service issues or questions about this site, and ac lens will use your personal contact information (e.g., email address) to help respond and for customer service purposes. please note that you may not be able to use some features and services of our web site if you choose not to provide your personal information when requested.topnon-personal information collectedac lens also routinely collects statistics from your browser or device on site usage patterns through web logs, web beacons and third party service providers. as is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. this information may include internet protocol (ip) addresses, device id and type, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, the operating system used by your device, date/time stamp, your mobile device’s geographic location, and/or clickstream data. these statistics are not intended to relate to any particular individual. instead, they are used internally to judge the effectiveness of web site features and content. some real-time information is occasionally used to automatically suggest a product to a customer based on that customer’s observed preferences.when you visit or interact with our web site, we (or our third party service providers) may use cookies and other types of web technologies to collect technical and usage information. a cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. we link the information we store in cookies to any personal information you submit while on our web site. when we link the information we store in cookies to any personal information you submit while on our web site, we may use that information to send you offers online or through the mail.we use both session id cookies and persistent cookies. a session id cookie expires when you close your browser. we use session id cookies to allow visitors to easily navigate during checkout and access their account information. a persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. we use a persistent cookie to welcome visitors returning to the site and to associate appropriate advertisements for our visitors.most internet browsers allow you to disable, turn the cookie feature off, or reject cookies entirely by changing the settings on your internet browser or clicking on the “help” link. changing these settings may affect your ability to use certain features and functions of the web site. if you reject cookies, you may still use our web site. without a session id cookie, your ability to complete a purchase and checkout will be limited.if you are accessing our site on your mobile device, we may use mobile device ids (the unique identifier assigned to a device by the manufacturer) or advertising ids (for ios 6 and later), instead of cookies, to recognize you. we do this to store your preferences and track your use of our web site. unlike cookies, device ids cannot be deleted, but advertising ids can be reset in “settings” on your iphone.technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by us and our marketing partners, affiliates, analytics or online technical support providers. these technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. we may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.we partner with a third party ad network to manage our advertising on other sites. our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect non-personal information about your activities on this and other web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. if you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here opens in a new window. please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. you will continue to receive generic ads.tophow we use and share informationwhen you place an order, we use the information you have provided to process and ship your order. the information you supply to us also is added to our customer database. you may receive periodic mailings, emails or telephone calls from us about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. we may also use your information to respond to your requests and inquiries, customize your user experience, prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities or other activities in violations of our terms of use and for any other purpose where you have provided your consent.the only ac lens employees with access to your information are those employees who need the information to do their jobs. all employees are educated about ac lens policies and practices in regard to safeguarding customer information, preventing its unauthorized access, use or disclosure and ensuring its proper handling.our policy is that we will not sell or rent your personal information, unless you give us your consent or direct us to do so. we may, however, share the information we collect about you in limited circumstances including:with third-party service providers who provide services related to your order. we will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. examples of these third-party service providers include a credit card processing company, a contact lens supplier, or a shipping service.in accordance with our hipaa notice of privacy practices. with law enforcement agencies, governmental officials or other third parties as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site.if we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to: prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss to us; prevent or report suspected illegal activity; protect anyone's rights, property, or safety; or enforce our terms of use.with other business entities, should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity or in connection with a partial or total sale of assets, bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process or corporate change.when you otherwise consent or direct us to share your information with third parties.topopt-out providedwe provide existing customers with the opportunity to “opt-out” or choose to be removed from future mailings (both email and direct mail) from ac lens. opt-out information will be included with any non-personal or non-essential message sent to prior customers. a personal or essential message is one that would relate directly to the particular customer’s order or appointment. you may opt-out by sending an email to service@aclens.com requesting that you be removed from certain types of future mailings or by calling us at 1-888-248-lens.topcontests and drawingsac lens may sponsor or host contests or drawings from time to time. some contests may be offered in conjunction with a third party sponsor and web site users will be notified at the time of the contest as to whether a third party sponsor is involved and whether the third party will be receiving the user’s personal information to send promotional communications. the web site user can then choose whether to enter the contest or not at that time based on the terms and conditions associated with that particular contest.toplinks to third party web sitesour web site may include links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of ac lens. if you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. please be aware that we do not endorse and are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other web sites, and the privacy policy presented here does not apply to such third party web sites. we encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web site you visit.topblogour web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. to request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at service@aclens.com. in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.toptestimonialswe display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. with your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. if you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you may contact us at service@aclens.com.topsocial media widgetsour web site includes social media features, such as the facebook “like” button, and widgets, such as the “share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our web site. these features may collect your internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on our web site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our web site. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.topprescription verificationac lens may verify your prescription information provided with your order with your doctor or eye-care provider as required by federal law. for more information about how your personal health information is protected, please see our hipaa notice.topsecurityac lens is committed to doing its best to maintain the security of all information collected on our web site. all transactions occur through our secure server, protected by a digicert® secure site certificate. that means that we use encryption to secure information sent from your computer to our servers. in addition, credit card numbers and other sensitive information are encrypted in our database(s) to provide a second layer of security for your private information. when credit card information is transmitted online, ac lens uses secure sockets layer (ssl) server software to prevent unauthorized access to the information. ssl is a highly sophisticated method of scrambling data as it travels from your computer to our web site’s servers. you can identify the secure connection by looking for a locked padlock icon at the lower portion of your browser window.we use commercially reasonable methods to prevent the unauthorized use, access, or disclosure of your personal information. while we strive to protect your personal information, no system can ever be 100% secure and we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. by using our web site, you are agreeing to assume this risk and any and all responsibility and liability that may arise. this assumption of risk and liability does not apply to new jersey residents.topchildren’s policyour web site and its services are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. it is our policy not to knowingly solicit or permit children under the age of 13 to provide their personal information for any purpose. in accordance with the children’s online privacy protection act of 1998, if a person under age 13 submits information to us through any part of our web site, and we know that the person submitting information is under age 13, we will not use it for any purpose. we will delete the information as soon as we discover it, and we will not disclose it to third parties. if you are under the age of 13, please stop using our web site and its services.topupdating your informationif you ever need to update or delete any information on file with ac lens, you may call us at 1-888-248-lens or email us at service@aclens.com. if you need to update your information when re-ordering, you will have a chance to make changes to your payment information, shipping and billing address(es) at checkout.topyour california privacy rightscalifornia law permits our users who are california residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. if applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared such information in the immediately preceding calendar year. at this time, ac lens does not disclose your personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes, only to assist ac lens in its own marketing efforts, so this requirement does not apply to us.in addition, under california law, web site operators are required to disclose how they respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers with the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information of a consumer over time and across third party web sites, to the extent the operator engages in that collection. ac lens does not respond to any such “do not track” signals, as no one do not track standard has gained consensus.this law also requires web site operators to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users’ online activities over time and across different web sites when the users use the operator’s web site. ac lens does not knowingly permit third parties to collect personal information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different web sites when a consumer uses our web site.third parties that have content embedded on our web site (such as social networking features) may set cookies on a user’s browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited our web site from a certain ip address. these third parties cannot collect any other personal information from our web site unless you provide it to them directly.topcalifornia transparency in supply chains actthe california transparency in supply chains act requires that applicable manufacturers and retailers such as ac lens disclose their efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from the supply chain.ac lens is committed to conducting business in accordance with ethical, legal and socially responsible rules and principles. these standards and commitments are outlined in the company’s code of conduct (the “code”) which every ac lens associate is trained on upon hire and is distributed annually during the course of their employment. consistent with the code, we respect the personal dignity of every individual and comply with all applicable human rights laws. failure to comply with the standards of the code subjects violators, regardless of position, to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.with respect to our supply chain partners, we expect the same commitment to high ethical standards and compliance with applicable laws, as detailed in the code. ac lens monitors the standards of our supply chain partners for quality, safety and employment standards by conducting annual scheduled on-site audits of our major vendors and laboratory manufacturers. when entering into written contracts with suppliers, ac lens requires suppliers to comply with all applicable laws which include those that prohibit slavery and human trafficking. failure to comply with all applicable laws subjects supplier to breach and possible termination of contract.at this time ac lens does not engage independent auditors or require separate verifications/certifications from its suppliers relating to human trafficking and slavery. while ac lens believes it conducts its business with suppliers that maintain high ethical standards, we are continuously evaluating additional programs as it relates to combating the tragedy of human trafficking and slavery.topcalifornia proposition 65attention california residents:warning:warning: eyewear products sold on this website can expose you to chemicals including metallic nickel, which is known to the state of california to cause cancer, and bisphenol a, which is known to the state of california to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. for more information go to www.p65warnings.ca.gov. opens in a new windowtopchanges to this privacy policyour privacy policy may change from time to time. if we decide to materially change our privacy policy, we will post a notice of those changes on the web site and update the “last updated” date at the top of this privacy policy. your continued use of the web site following the posting of revised privacy policy means that you accept and agree to the changes.topcontact usif you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at service@aclens.com, call us at 1-888-248-lens, or send a written request to:all other privacy policy questions ac lens corporate headquarters 4265 diplomacy drive columbus, ohio 43228 usa close terms of uselast updated: 11/9/2017web site user agreementthis web site user agreement (the "agreement") between you and arlington contact lens service inc. d/b/a ac lens, details the terms and conditions of your permitted use of this website and associated mobile applications (“web site”). the web site is designed as a shopping, and information resource. your use of all, or any portion of, the web site, including but not limited to your downloading of information or ordering of any products from this web site, signifies your acknowledgement of the reasonableness of these terms, and your express agreement to be bound by these terms. if you choose to continue to use or access this web site after having the opportunity to read the terms, you recognize that ac lens has provided valuable consideration by offering this web site free of charge, and in exchange for that valuable consideration, you agree to the terms hereof. if you do not agree to be bound by any, or all, of these terms, you are instructed not to access or use the web site, as your usage will be conclusively presumed to represent your agreement to be bound by the following terms. these terms include an agreement to submit claims exclusively to individual (non-class) arbitration. see below.electronic communicationswhen you visit the site or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. you grant us the right to continue to send such emails until you specifically notify us that you wish to no longer receive emails from the company.mobile terms and conditionseffective date: 11/9/2017you may opt in to receive marketing notifications from ac lens through your mobile device. message frequency may vary. message and data rates may apply.by opting in to this service, you consent to receive mobile text alerts at the phone number you provided. consent to receive marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services.by signing up, you are confirming you are over the age of 13.supported carriers are:at&t, sprint, t-mobile®, verizon wireless, boost, cricket, metropcs, u.s. cellular, virgin mobile, acs wireless, appalachian wireless, bluegrass cellular, carolina west wireless, cellcom, c-spire wireless (formerly cellsouth), cellular one of east central illinois, cincinnati bell wireless, cross (dba sprocket), duet ip, element mobile, epictouch, gci communications, golden state, hawkeye (chat mobility), hawkeye (nw missouri cellular), illinois valley cellular, immix (keystone wireless / pc management), inland cellular, iwireless, mobi pcs (coral wireless llc), mosaic, mtpcs / cellular one (cellone nation), nex-tech wireless, ntelos, panhandle telecommunications, peoples wireless, pioneer, plateau, revol wireless, rina - custer, rina - all west, rina - cambridge telecom coop, rina - eagle valley comm, rina - farmers mutual telephone co, rina - nucla nutria telephone co, rina - silver star, rina - south central comm, rina - syringa, rina - ubet, rina - manti, south canaan / cellularone of nepa, thumb cellular, union wireless, united, viaero wireless, west central wireless, leaco, nemont/sagebrush. t-mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.we take your privacy seriously. please visit our privacy policy for more information.trademarks and domain namesthe trademarks, logos, service marks, trade dress, and domain names (collectively, the "trademarks and domain names") displayed on the site are registered and unregistered trademarks and domain names of arlington contact lens service and its subsidiaries, as well as other companies. arlington contact lens service's trademarks and domain names may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ours, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits the company. all trademarks and domain names not owned by arlington contact lens service or its affiliates that appear on the site are the property of their respective owners.copyrightthe text, images, graphics, button icons, logos, audio and visual clips, and software (together, the "content") of this web site is the property of ac lens, its related entities, or its suppliers, and is specifically protected by copyright laws of the united states of america and international treaties. your use of this content is restricted to personal, non-commercial, purposes. any reproduction, distribution, transmission, modification, publication, broadcast, or other exploitation of the content, design, layout, or other individual elements of this web site without the express written consent of ac lens is strictly prohibited and may constitute a violation of proprietary rights. you should be aware that ac lens is very protective of its property. requests for consent to otherwise-prohibited use of this web site are rarely granted; however, if you have a reasonable request, we will certainly consider it. this is not to say we will consent, but we will consider it. remember, ask before you act -- as any of the above-described uses without our express written consent are strictly prohibited. to request such permission, or for more information, please contact us or send us an e-mail.disclaimer of warrantythis disclaimer of warranty (“disclaimer”) applies only to your free use of the web site.this disclaimer of warranty section does not apply to new jersey residents.this disclaimer does not apply to, for example, your purchase of any product or service from ac lens.this disclaimer also does not apply to, for example, our offer or advertisement of any ac lens product or service, including the content of any offer or advertisement on the web site.the content of this site is provided by arlington contact lens service as a service to its customers. the information provided in this site is for information purposes. ac lens is not offering this website, in whole or in part, for sale to you. these terms are not a contract for sale, and this web site is not a “good” within the meaning of the uniform commercial code. instead, this website is provided for free. this site does not provide medical diagnosis for any individual and must not be used as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment or care. all specific medical questions you may have about your specific medical condition, treatment, care, or diagnosis must be presented to your eyecare professional. except as expressly and unambiguously stated otherwise, aclens.com does not endorse, operate, control, or assume responsibility for any product, brand, method, treatment, information or service on this site. the information, services, and products contained in this site are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, express or implied. there are no warranties which extend beyond the description on the face hereof. arlington contact lens service as well as all owners, officers, directors, agents and employees disclaim and exclude all warranties with respect to all information, services, and products contained in this site, expressed or implied, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.you agree that our sole obligation to you is to provide the web site as-is. you agree that unless we do something that is (a) grossly negligent, reckless, or an act of knowing or intentional willful misconduct or (b) a violation of a consumer protection statute in connection with the web site, we will not be liable to you or to any third party for your use of the web site.limitation on liabilitythis limitation on liability section does not apply to new jersey residents. you acknowledge and agree by your use of this site to assume full responsibility for all risk associated with your use of this site. under no circumstances shall we or any other party involved in creating, producing, or distributing the site be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages for loss of profits, good will, use, data or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages) that result from (i) the use of or inability to use the site, (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the site; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) any other matter relating to the site. you hereby acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise, and services available through the site. because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.your conductany conduct by you that in our sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the site will not be permitted. you agree to use the site only for lawful purposes. you are prohibited from posting on or transmitting through the site any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, fraudulent, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the site, use of the site, or access to the site unless you first obtain the company's express written consent to do so. you agree not to access the site by any means other than through the interface that is provided by us for use in accessing the site.our rightswe may elect to electronically monitor areas of the site and may disclose any content, records, or electronic communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the site; or (iii) to protect our rights or property or the rights of the users. we are not responsible for screening, policing, editing, or monitoring such content. if notified of allegedly infringing, defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive content, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such content from the site. we may terminate your access, or suspend your access to all or part of the site, without notice, for any conduct that we, in our sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party or us. because customer service is paramount to our business, we reserve the right to refuse to sell products to you if it reasonably appears to us that you intend to resell the products. in addition, we reserve the right to limit quantities of items purchased by each customer.use by minorsthis web site is not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 18. by using the web site, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older. if you are not at least 18 years of age, do not use, access, or register on the web site. ac lens reserves the right to terminate your membership in the event that ac lens becomes aware you are under 18.suggestionswe are pleased to hear from our customers and welcome your comments regarding our products or services, including the web site. if you send us comments, suggestions, ideas, materials, notes, drawings, concepts, or other information regarding our products or services (collectively, "suggestions"), the suggestions shall be deemed, and shall remain, our property. none of the suggestions shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on our part, and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any suggestions. without limiting the foregoing, you agree that we shall exclusively own and hereby assign to us without compensation or further obligation all now known or hereafter existing rights to the suggestions of every kind and nature throughout the universe and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the suggestions for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise (including use in the development and manufacture of products and services), without compensation to the provider of the suggestions, including the right to publish on the web site or elsewhere and to use the suggestion, including any suggestions, ideas, etc. contained herein. if you would like to edit or delete a published submission, please email us.contentfrom time to time, we may make available on this site services, features or sections that allow users to post or upload text, photos, videos, gif, boomerangs, or other file types to the web site, our servers, or third party vendors. all such communications, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, or other materials ("content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated, and are not the responsibility of ac lens.with respect to any and all content you post or submit to this web site, you grant to ac lens a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable right and license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish, edit, translate, perform, transmit, sell, exploit, sublicense, or otherwise distribute and display the content and any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained therein for any reason and in any manner it chooses, alone or as a part of other works, in any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed, without restriction and without compensation of any kind to you, and you waive all moral rights in all such content. permitted uses of content by ac lens include but are not limited to reproduction and use in any and all media whether now known or hereafter devised, including any social media; publication of the content or a derivative thereof for promotional, marketing, and advertising purposes.we do not control the content delivered via the web site by you or other users, and accordingly do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of such content. you understand that by using the web site, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the web site.the opinions expressed in postings or other content on this web site are not necessarily those of ac lens or its content providers, advertisers, sponsors, affiliated, or related entities. we make no representations or warranties regarding any information or opinions posted to or otherwise included on or transmitted through the web site. we do not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any content or determine whether the content violates the rights of others. you acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at your own risk.we do not and are not obligated to regularly review, monitor, delete, or edit the content of the site as posted by users. we reserve the right to do so at any time in our sole discretion, for any reason or no reason, and to edit or delete any posting or submission, in whole or in part, with or without notice. we are not responsible or liable for damages of any kind arising from any content, or from our alteration or deletion of any content, even when we are advised of the possibility of such damages.you represent and warrant that: you own or otherwise control all the rights to any content that you upload, transmit, or otherwise make available through the web site; use of the content you provide does not violate the intellectual property rights or any other rights of any third parties; and use of the content you provide will not cause injury to any person or entity. without limiting the foregoing, you specifically agree that you will not: (a) provide any content that is unlawful or that advocates illegal activity; (b) provide any content that is defamatory, false or libelous, or that contains unlawful, harmful, threatening, harassing, discriminatory, abusive, profane, pornographic, or obscene material; (c) provide any content that you do not have a right to provide; (d) provide any content that contains software viruses or other harmful devices; or (e) impersonate any other person or entity or forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content you provide. you agree that you will indemnify ac lens or its affiliates for all claims resulting from or related to content you post or submit.you acknowledge, consent, and agree that ac lens may access, preserve, and disclose your account information and any content you submit if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these terms of use; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of ac lens, its affiliates, its personnel, other users, and the public.applicable lawby visiting this website, you agree that the laws of the state of ohio, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms of use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between the parties.disputesplease read this section carefully because it requires you to arbitrate disputes and it limits the manner in which you can seek relief. this disputes section does not apply to new jersey residents. any dispute relating in any way to your visit to this website or to products you purchase through us shall be submitted to arbitration in the state of ohio, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state of federal court in the state of ohio, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. you and we agree to waive our right to trial by jury. arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the american arbitration association. you agree that any dispute shall be exclusively submitted to arbitration by decision of the arbitrator in the state of ohio, with all matters to be decided by the arbitrator, including the scope of arbitration. the arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. if for any reason the american arbitration association is unable or unwilling to hear the arbitration, you and we agree to binding arbitration before an arbitrator appointed by the court. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under these terms of use shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these terms of use, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. you and we agree to pursue any dispute individually and shall not bring or participate in any class or collective action, including, without limitation, class arbitration. you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the website or the terms of use must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.severance of invalid termsif any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.terminationthese terms are effective until terminated by either party. if you no longer agree to be bound by the terms of use, you must cease your use of the site. subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to suspend or deny, in our sole discretion, your access to all or any portion of the site with or without notice. you agree that any termination of your access to the site may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that we may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and bar any further access to such files or the site. further, you agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the site.general informationthese terms and conditions of use constitute the entire agreement between us (you and us) and govern the use of this free web site. you also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the terms of use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. if any provision of the terms of use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the terms of use remain in full force and effect. you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the site or the terms of use must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.the section titles in the terms of use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.terms & conditions — contact lens salesplease read the following terms & conditions carefully before submitting your order.you are confirming that you have read and agree with all of the following conditions:you must have a valid, current prescription for any contact lenses or prescription eyewear that you are ordering issued by a duly licensed eye-care professional located in the usa.you have not been advised by an eye care professional to stop or suspend wearing contact lenses for any medical reason. you will continue to have your eyes examined regularly by a licensed eye care professional.you will restrict your contact lens wearing schedule to the recommended wearing schedule established by your eye-care professional, and you will not exceed this recommended wearing schedule as this can lead to serious eye-health complications.you understand that you must take proper care of your contact lenses as directed by your eye care professional. before using your contact lenses, you agree to carefully review all instructions and information provided by your eye care professional and/or by the contact lens manufacturer.you should never share your contact lenses with anyone. contact lenses are classified as prescription medical devices by the fda. sharing can also lead to serious eye health complications and can spread infectious diseases.if you are having any unexplained eye discomfort, watering, vision change or redness, you will immediately remove your lenses and consult your eye care professional before wearing your lenses again.health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa). you grant us permission to share your contact lens prescription information and/or address information with manufacturers and distributors for the express purpose of completing your order. you also grant us permission to verify the information you have provided with your eye doctor and authorize your eye doctor to release that information to us. we will never release any private information about you to anyone outside our company for any purposes other than as provided under hipaa or as otherwise stated above.you agree that we may contact you by email or telephone in accordance with the policies outlined in our privacy policy.aclens.com https://www.aclens.com/https://www.aclens.com/+1-888-248-lens customer servicesocial link social link social link social link