来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191225211428/https://www.aclens.com/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questionsskip to main content new customer offer save 20%* use promo: p52t23r4on all contact lenses* xclose new customer discount - save 20%we know that it takes some effort to try something new. we think our service will make your life easier, and we want you to give us a shot, so we are offering new customers a special incentive. new customers can use the code p52t23r4 during checkout and save 20% on their order. this offer is applicable to the regular price of items on the order and does not apply to shipping charges or sales tax. offer cannot be combined with other coupons, sales, or special offers. this promotion is limited to first time customers only. we reserve the right to modify or discontinue this promotion at any time. free shipping over $99 sign in or create account mini log in formsign in to reorder email password stay logged in sign inforgot your password?don't have an account?signing up is easy. register here register here help live chat contact us faq shipping returns 1-888-248-lens (5367) mon-fri: 8:00am - 8:00pm est sat: 9:00am - 5:30pm est sun: 12:00pm - 7:00pm est favorites close there are no items in your cart.search search contacts contact lens types daily disposables weekly disposables monthly disposables colored contacts toric astigmatism multifocal presbyopia rgp custom contacts vial conventional discount acuvue contacts 1-day acuvue define 30 pack 1-day acuvue moist 30 pack 1-day acuvue moist 90 pack 1-day acuvue moist for astigmatism 30 pack 1-day acuvue moist for astigmatism 90 pack 1-day acuvue moist multifocal 30 pack 1-day acuvue moist multifocal 90 pack 1-day acuvue trueye 30 pack 1-day acuvue trueye 90 pack acuvue 2 acuvue oasys 1-day for astigmatism 30 pack acuvue oasys 1-day with hydraluxe 90 pack acuvue oasys 2-week 12 pack acuvue oasys 2-week 24 pack acuvue oasys for astigmatism acuvue oasys for presbyopia acuvue oasys with transitions acuvue oasys with transitions 25 pack acuvue vita acuvue vita 12-pack acuvue vita for astigmatism discount air optix contacts air optix aqua air optix aqua multifocal air optix aqua multifocal subscription 3-pack air optix colors air optix colors 2-pack air optix for astigmatism air optix night & day aqua air optix night & day aqua subscription 3-pack air optix plus hydraglyde air optix plus hydraglyde for astigmatism air optix plus hydraglyde multifocal air optix plus hydraglyde subscription 3-pack discount bausch and lomb contacts bausch + lomb ultra bausch + lomb ultra for astigmatism bausch + lomb ultra for presbyopia bausch + lomb ultra multifocal for astigmatism biotrue oneday (30 pack) biotrue oneday (90 pack) biotrue oneday for astigmatism (90 pack) biotrue oneday for presbyopia (30 pack) biotrue oneday for presbyopia (90 pack) optima 38 sp purevision purevision multi-focal purevision toric for astigmatism purevision2 purevision2 multi-focal for presbyopia purevision2 toric for astigmatism soflens 38 soflens daily disposable - 90 pack soflens daily disposable toric for astigmatism 30 pack soflens multi-focal soflens toric for astigmatism discount biofinity contacts biofinity biofinity energys biofinity multifocal biofinity toric biofinity xr biofinity xr toric clariti clariti 1-day (sphere) 90-pack clariti 1-day multifocal 30-pack clariti 1-day multifocal 90-pack clariti 1-day toric 30-pack clariti 1-day toric 90-pack discount dailies contacts dailies aquacomfort plus 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus multifocal 90 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 30 pack dailies aquacomfort plus toric 90 pack dailies colors 30 pack dailies colors 90 pack dailies total1 30 pack dailies total1 90 pack dailies total1 multifocal 30 pack dailies total1 multifocal 90 pack focus dailies 30 pack focus dailies 90 pack discount freshlook contacts freshlook colorblends freshlook colors freshlook dimensions freshlook vt discount proclear contacts proclear 1 day 90 pack proclear 1 day multifocal 90 pack proclear multifocal proclear multifocal toric proclear multifocal xr proclear sphere proclear toric proclear toric xr discount ultra contacts bausch + lomb ultra bausch + lomb ultra for astigmatism bausch + lomb ultra for presbyopia bausch + lomb ultra multifocal for astigmatism more brands alcon avaira biomedics biotrue boston clearsight coopervision extreme h2o fluoroperm focus hydrasoft johnson & johnson myday optimum proclear purevision2 soflens view all brands eyeglasses shopmen's glasseswomen's glasseskid's glassesall eyeglassestop brandslunettosray-ban®picklezarlingtonoakley view all brands view all eyeglasses brands frame typefull frame eyeglassesrimless eyeglassessemi-rimless eyeglassesframe shape browline browline eyeglasses cat eye cat eye eyeglasses oval oval eyeglasses rectangle rectangle eyeglasses round round eyeglasses square square eyeglasses top colors black eyeglasses brown eyeglasses gray eyeglasses clear eyeglasses blue eyeglasses tortoise eyeglasses pink eyeglasses gold eyeglasses view all colors view all eyeglasses colors sunglasses shopmen's sunglasseswomen's sunglasseskid's sunglassesall sunglassestop brandsray-ban®picklezfatheadzoakleylunettos view all brands view all sunglasses brands lens typemirrored sunglassespolarized sunglassesprescription sunglassesframe shape aviator aviator sunglasses cat eye cat eye sunglasses oval oval sunglasses rectangle rectangle sunglasses round round sunglasses square square sunglasses top colors black sunglasses tortoise sunglasses brown sunglasses blue sunglasses red sunglasses gray sunglasses view all colors view all sunglasses colors readers shopmen's readerswomen's readersall readerstop brandspeeperslunettosthinopticsevolutioneyesfoster grant view all brands view all readers brands lens typecomputer readersreading sunglassesframe shape oval oval readers rectangle rectangle readers round round readers square square readers top colors black readers blue readers tortoise readers purple readers brown readers silver readers view all colors view all readers colors eye care eye care brandsbausch & lomb biotrue boston clear care clear eyesgenteal lobob nature's tears ocusoft opti-freepurilens refresh renu similisan systane visineproduct types computer vision aides cosmetics dry & red eye treatments inserters & removers lens cases protective eyewear solutions & cleaners swimming goggles other eyecare products sale call ac lens open faq info close faq info my account my favorites live chat contact us faq shipping returns 1-888-248-lens (5367) mon-fri: 8:00am - 8:00pm est sat: 9:00am - 5:30pm est sun: 12:00pm - 7:00pm est open menu close menu mobile search search contacts >discount acuvue contacts discount air optix contacts discount bausch and lomb contacts discount biofinity contacts discount clariti contacts discount dailies contacts discount freshlook contacts discount proclear contacts discount ultra contacts more brands contact lens types daily disposables weekly disposables monthly disposables colored lenses toric astigmatism multifocal presbyopia rgp custom lenses vial conventional glasses men's glasseswomen's glasseskid's glassesall glassessunglassesmen's sunglasseswomen's sunglasseskid's sunglassesall sunglassesreadersmen's readerswomen's readersall readers eye care product types computer vision aides cosmetics dry & red eye treatments inserters & removers lens cases protective eyewear solutions & cleaners swimming goggles other eyecare products eye care brandsbausch & lombbiotruebostonclear careclear eyesgenteallobobnature's tearsocusoftopti-freepurilensrefreshrenusimilisansystanevisinesalefrequently asked questionswhat can we help you with? clear faq search shipping returns coupons orders prescriptiontop faqs for shippingwhere can i find shipping information?our shipping page has all of the answers about rates, estimated delivery times and other shipping policies.how can i upgrade to faster shipping?contact us as soon as possible and we'll let you know if we're able to upgrade your shipping.do i need a prescription from my eye doctor to buy contacts from ac lensin a word, yes. we can contact your eye doctor to verify your prescription or you can email or fax a copy. whatever's easier. but, keep in mind that a physical copy of the prescription speeds up processing.will you verify my prescription with my eye doctor?if you don't provide a physical copy of the prescription via email or fax, we will verify the prescription with your eye doctor.are your contact lenses the real deal?yes, every last one of our contact lenses comes directly from the manufacturer and are 100 percent authentic.what are your hours?for a full list of our hours as well as other contact information, please visit our customer service page.how can i contact you?you can contact us by phone, email or chat.my lens ripped/is defective. can i return it?of course! you can return a ripped or defective lens up to 365 days after the purchase date. however, lenses manufactured by johnson & johnson visioncare, inc., alcon, and bausch + lomb have a separate defective lens return policy.i don't like how my colored contacts look. can i return them?yes, as long as it is within 365 days. contact our customer service team for more information.what if i find a better price on another website after i bought contact lenses from you?we'll happily price match contacts from authorized online retailers up to seven days after the purchase date.where is my refund?it may take up to 10 business days for a credit to show on your account depending on your banking institution. if you have not received your refund after 10 business days, please contact our customer service team.do you offer trial lenses?no, trial lenses are only available through your eye doctor.can i order contact lenses over the phone?you can! contact our customer service team and they will take care of you.how long do i have to return or exchange my lenses?you have 365 days from the delivery date to return or exchange your lenses. to learn more, go to our returns page.i'm not sure which contact lenses i wear. can you help me order?that's why we're here! contact us and give us your eye doctor's contact information. we'll track down your prescription in no time.how do i cancel my order?to cancel your order before it ships, contact us as soon as possible.do you ship internationally?yep, we ship to nearly 100 countries. check out our shipping page or give our customer service team a call to make sure we can get you what you need.i don't understand how to enter my prescription on the website. is there another way?our customer service team is ready and waiting to help you through it.i don't see my lenses. do you carry them?if you don't see your lenses, call our customer service team to help you out.how do i use a coupon code on my order?underneath the list of items in your cart you'll see "promo code"-click it, add the coupon code, submit and enjoy more savings.do i have to buy the brand of contact lenses the doctor prescribed to me?yes, by law-and for your safety-you can only purchase the brand of lens your eye doctor prescribed using a valid prescription. some lenses do have a generic alternative, however, and you can contact our customer service team for more information.is a contact lens prescription different than a glasses prescription?yes. a contact lens prescription lists different parameters and powers than an eyeglasses prescription.my prescription expired, but my vision hasn't changed. do i need a new prescription?while it might not seem like your vision has changed, it's important to check your prescription and evaluate the health of your eyes; the wrong contacts could cause damage without showing any visible symptoms.do you sell made-to-order contact lenses?yes, we sell soft and hard (rgp) made-to-order contact lenses such as boston, fluorex, and hydrasoft.do you sell eye drops, contact lens solutions, contact lens cases and other accessories?yep, we carry a variety of contact lens accessories.my prescription recently expired. can i still use it?unfortunately, no. we only accept valid prescriptions.can i wear soft contact lenses if i have astigmatism?yes, you can wear a special type of soft contact lens called a toric lens which will correct your astigmatism.can i wear soft contact lenses if i need bifocals?yes, there are a number of contact lenses designed for people who need bifocal (multifocal) correction.if my 2 week disposable lenses are still comfortable and in good condition beyond 2 weeks, can i continue to wear the same pair?in order to maintain optimal eye health and comfort, it is important to adhere to the wearing schedule prescribed by your doctor. the main advantage of wearing disposable lenses is that you are putting a fresh new pair of lenses in your eyes every 2 weeks. also, the convenient cleaning regimen of a disposable lens is only adequate for a 2 week wearing schedule.if i only wear my 2 week disposable contacts part time, do i still have to replace them every 2 weeks?no, the 2 weeks refers to the actual amount of wearing time so they can last longer than 2 weeks if you are not wearing them full time.your website lists my lens as 2 week disposable, but my doctor says i can wear them for 4 weeks. which is correct?the lens wearing schedules on our website are provided by contact lens manufacturers. however, doctors may decide on a different wearing schedule (shorter or longer) for an individual patient based on wearing habits, lifestyle, cleaning methods etc. you should always follow the wearing schedule prescribed by your doctor.what's the difference between rigid gas permeable (rgp) lenses and soft lenses?rgp lenses are smaller and made out of a harder, less pliable material than soft lenses which makes them less comfortable initially. rgps correct some astigmatism whereas soft spherical lenses do not.can i swim with my contact lenses?it is best if you don't because there are bacteria in the water that can adhere to your lenses and cause infections. if you do swim in your lenses, you should wear goggles over them and you should disinfect them immediately afterwards.why is it necessary for contact lens wearers to have regular eye exams even if their prescription hasn’t changed?regular eye exams are important not only to check your prescription but also to evaluate the health of your eyes. this is especially important for contact lens wearers because the contacts could be causing damage to your eyes without necessarily causing any obvious symptoms.i wear contact lenses and in order for me to read, i have to wear reading glasses over them. are there any other alternatives whereby i don't have to wear glasses at all?yes, the most common option is called monovision where one eye is corrected for viewing distant objects and the other eye is corrected for reading and close work. monovision is a good solution for some people, but not everybody can successfully adapt to the arrangement. another alternative is multifocal contact lenses which are available in both rigid gas permeable or soft lens designs.do colored contact lenses work on dark eyes?yes, they are called opaque colored contacts. year-long (daily wear and extended wear) options are available in many different colors and shades.how does the federal law fairness to contact lens consumers act affect me?on february 4th, 2004, a federal law called the fairness to contact lens consumers act went into effect. this law made it much easier for you to enjoy the savings and convenience of ordering on-line from ac lens.where is your company headquartered?we are located in columbus, ohio. our location is ideal for rapid distribution throughout the country.how long have you been in business?we have been selling online since 1996. in that time we have served over 500,000 customers located in all 50 states and around the world.how long does it take for my lenses to arrive?98% of all us orders arrive within the 7-10 day delivery time stated on our website. however, the vast majority of orders that are shipped from stock will arrive significantly sooner.how do i read my eyeglass prescription?while you don't need to completely understand how to read your eyeglass prescription to place an order on ac lens, you'll need to know the basics in order to select and order the right lenses for your eyes. if you don't have a copy of your prescription, or are not sure how to read it, rest assured that as long as you have your doctor's information we can contact your doctor directly in order to obtain your correct prescription.i want to purchase eyeglasses through ac lens, but this prescription stuff is confusing. is there an easier way?absolutely! you can always leave the prescription fields blank when ordering, and then either send us a copy of your prescription, or give us your eye doctor's contact information and we will collect your prescription information directly; ensuring that your prescription is correct while you remain free of worry!what is the difference between bifocal and progressive bifocal?bifocal eyeglass prescriptions were originally only able to be corrected with lenses called lined bifocals; these types of glasses have a visible line at the point where the prescription changes from near to far vision. progressive bifocals are lenses that have no visible line and gradually change from near to far vision in a way that is easier for your eyes to adjust to. ac lens currently only offers progressive bifocal lenses. unless your prescription notes "bifocal only" or "no progressives", then you can use your bifocal prescription to place an order for progressive bifocal lenses.what if my doctor says i need bifocal correction in only one eye?ac lens is only able to process orders with one type of lens per frame. since a prescription with bifocal correction in only one eye would require a progressive lens in one eye and a single vision lens in the other, we are unable to fulfill these types of orders. we apologize for the inconvenience.my prescription doesn't have an expiration date. can i still use it?we can only fill orders for unexpired prescriptions. if your prescription does not have an expiration date, then the expiration date is either 1 or 2 years from your exam date, depending on your doctor's preference. we will verify your prescription with your doctor and notify you if the prescription is expired.why does ac lens convert positive (+) cylinder values to negative (-) values?ophthalmologists and some optometrists write astigmatism prescriptions with positive (+) cylinders. this is because many years ago the instruments used to measure and cut lenses were only able to do so in positive increments. nowadays the majority of labs, including ours, cut lenses in the negative (-), and require that any positive (+) cylinder prescriptions be converted into the negative (-) equivalent. rest assured this conversion does not alter the type or quality of the vision correction that your doctor prescribed you. the conversion will affect (change) the sph, cyl, and ax parameters in your prescription, but will result in the exact same vision correction you were fit for by your doctor. we automatically perform this conversion if the prescription you enter is written with a positive (+) cylinder.does ac lens accept vision insurance?ac lens does not accept vision insurance as payment for orders, but we do provide a receipt which can be submitted to your insurance company as an out-of-network purchase. make sure you consult with your insurance provider before you place your order to determine whether they reimburse out-of-network purchases and/or whether they have reimbursement limits for out-of-network purchases.does ac lens offer repair services?ac lens does not offer repairs services at this time. please consider visiting a local optical store for assistance with repair requests.does ac lens sell replacement parts?ac lens does not sell replacement parts. you can check with your local eye doctor to see if they can assist you with replacement parts, or you can contact the manufacturer directly to find out where their replacement parts are sold.can ac lens make lenses for my existing frames?ac lens does not currently offer lenses-only orders for frames that were not originally purchased through ac lens. but, if you are looking to replace the lenses in a pair of eyeglasses that you purchased through ac lens you can contact our customer service department to set up a lens remake order. please note: this process will require you to send in your existing frames, though we will provide you with free return postage.what happens if my doctor changes my prescription after i receive my glasses?if your doctor changes your prescription due to vision problems you are experiencing with your recent glasses purchase, we will replace your lenses for free within 365 days from delivery date. the replacement lenses will be made with the same lens material and treatments that were previously selected and will require you to mail in your existing frames. contact our customer service department for more details.does ac lens sell prescription sunglasses or transitions®?yes—we offer transitions® lenses on all eyeglass frames. single vision prescription sunglasses are also available.do i get a case or cleaning cloth with my glasses?some manufacturers provide custom eyeglass cases and cloths with their frames. any frames that do not come with custom cases or cloths will be shipped with a basic case and cleaning cloth free of charge.how do i know my prescription will be correct?in order to make sure you receive your glasses with the correct prescription we will always contact your doctor directly to confirm your prescription. you can rest assured that what you are prescribed will be what you receive. our lab has over 50 years of experience with creating lenses, and all lenses are double checked by an optical specialist immediately prior to shipment.how do progressive lenses work?progressive lenses provide bifocal vision correction, but with no visible lines! lined bifocals have a distinct line or etch in the lens which visibly indicates where the lens switches from reading to distance vision. progressive lenses are able to complete the transition between the vision corrections smoothly; letting your eyes naturally move between reading and distance vision without the distracting line in your lenses.what are uv rays?ultraviolet rays are rays located beyond the visible spectrum. uv rays are categorized into three types: uva, uvb, and uvc.uva: most common throughout the year. these rays pass through glass so the can be harmful both indoors and outdoors.uvb: the most dangerous type of uv rays and the primary cause of skin burn and retina harm. rays do not pass through glass.uvc: blocked by the earth's ozone layer and do not reach the earth's surface.can i buy prescription sunglasses?yes! we offer single vision prescription sunglasses.what are polarized lenses?sunglasses with polarized lenses contain a special filter that reduces glare. these lenses are very popular amongst people who enjoy the outdoors, especially watersports.how do i clean sunglasses?sunglasses should be cleaned using a lint-free, non-abrasive cloth. we recommend using a lens cleaner as well.do i need to wear sunglasses on a cloudy day?uv rays still permeate through clouds and can still cause damage to your eyes. it is recommended you wear protective eyewear on both sunny and cloudy days.do mirrored lenses offer better uv protection than standard lenses?no. mirrored lenses are coated with a metallic coating that is partially reflective. they are good for sports and driving where glare is an issue.what are photochromic lenses?photochromic lenses are also known as transitions® lenses. they automatically darkens and lightens in direct response to sunlight. with this convenient feature, this lens enables you to wear one pair of eyeglasses without having to switch between prescription eyeglasses and sunglasses. they are also great for kids who spend a lot of their time outdoors.what are reading glasses?reading glasses are non-prescription eyeglasses that help correct close-range vision issues. people with presbyopia primarily wear reading glasses.what are bifocal sunglasses?bifocal sunglasses, or reading sunglasses, offers both the benefit of sunglasses and close-range focus, all in one lens. these non-prescription eyewear are versatile for outdoor reading and activities.is a prescription required to purchase reading glasses?no. reading glasses are available in standard, select powers, typically ranging from +1.00 to +4.00.what is presbyopia?it is a condition that progresses with age where the eyes diminish in the ability to focus on near objects.what type of lenses can i wear swimming?wearing contact lenses while swimming is not recommended. prescription swimming goggles are the safe alternative.do you sell swimming goggles?yes, we offer a variety of prescription swimming goggles.is it safe to use any eye drops when wearing contacts?no. only eye drops specifically designed for contact lenses should be used.what are computer glasses?for those who spend a significant amount of time on a computer, computer glasses or blue light glasses are very helpful. special anti-reflective lenses reduce glare from a bright screen to help reduce eye strain and headaches.do i need to replace my contact lens case?yes. bacteria and enzymes collect in your contact lens case over time. it is highly recommended you replace your contact lens case with every contact replacement. replace your case at least every month if you have extended wear contacts.ac lens return policyac lens has one of the most customer friendly return policies in the online optical industry. if for any reason, you are unsatisfied with your order,ac lens offers free return shipping so you never have to worry about receiving the wrong size, color, product defects, or even if you're just unsatisfied with the product purchased.why can't i use a coupon on certain products?some manufacturers require retailers to sell their products for a minimum advertised price (map). unfortunately, we cannot offer discounts on these products.how do i read my contact lens prescription? while you don't need to completely understand how to read your contact lens prescription to place an order on ac lens, you'll need to know the basics. if you don't have a copy of your prescription, or are not sure how to read it, rest assured that as long as you have your doctor's information we can contact your doctor directly in order to obtain your correct prescription.can i pay using my fsa or hsa?glasses and contact lenses are a valid use of fsa/hsa funds, however, plano (non-prescription/cosmetic) lenses are not. please contact your fsa/hsa administrator for more information about whether your products are eligible.why is my pupillary distance (pd) measurement needed?pupillary distance is an important measurement used to determine the proper lens shape and alignment of your prescription correction to your line of vision. without an accurate pd measurement, correcting vision can be difficult since lenses need to be aligned over the center of your pupil for proper clarity.what if my pupillary distance (pd) measurement isn't on my prescription?pd is typically measured by your eye doctor during your eye exam. if your eyecare provider does not measure your pd during your eye exam, or if the pd is missing from your prescription, you can request a pd measurement. some eyecare providers may charge an extra fee for a pd measurement, but many will include it as part of the eye exam. if your prescription does not have your pd measurement on it then you can measure your pd yourself by reading our "measuring pupillary distance (pd)" page and printing out a ruler.how do i measure my own pupillary distance (pd)?follow the instructions on our "measuring pupillary distance (pd)" page to measure your own pd at home.what is pupillary distance (pd)?pupillary distance (pd) is the measurement (in millimeters) of the distance between the centers of the pupils of your eyes.for how long is my contact lens prescription valid?the length of time that a contact lens prescription is valid for is typically between 1 and 2 years, but it varies by state. you can easily find this information online by searching for "(your state name) contact lens prescription expiration".do i still need a prescription if i just want contacts to change my eye color?yes, you still need to be fitted for the lenses even if you don't need vision correction. this is because contact lenses are medical devices and wearing them can affect the health of your eyes.what is the difference between the different types of contact lens wear schedules?the most common types of soft contact lenses are daily disposables, weekly disposables, and monthly disposables. the classifications determine how long the lenses can be worn before they need to be replaced. your exact contact lens replacement schedule will be determined by your eye doctor.see more see lessno search results free shipping over $99 more stock and faster shipping than your eye doctor. (it's true!)follow us facebook opens in a new window instagram opens in a new window twitter opens in a new window email sign-up never miss a sale! email sign up close thanks for joining us!you’re officially on our email list for smart and stylish people. you’re gonna look like a million bucks. close we hate glitches, toounfortunately, we weren’t able to add you to our email list—just give our customer service team a call and they’ll get it sorted out in no time.switch currency $ / usd ¥ / jpy c$ / cadcustomer supportcustomer serviceshippingreturnssitemapcorporate informationour storyterms of serviceprivacy policyinsurancehipaa notificationaffiliate programaccessibility statementdata policycorporate information continued hipaa notificationaffiliate programaccessibility statementdata policy top need help? chat live with us close close close aclens.com https://www.aclens.com/https://www.aclens.com/+1-888-248-5367 customer servicesocial link social link social link