来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231215174137/https://store.gearpatrol.com/pages/faq
================================================================================

privacy policy — gear patrol store skip to content introducing gear patrol magazine, issue twenty-one. introducing gear patrol magazine, issue twenty-one. menu cancel view cart home about gear patrol magazine subscribe single issue archive final sale policy sign in login login close home about gear patrol magazine subscribe single issue archive final sale policy sign in access deniedimportant! if you’re a store owner, please make sure you have customer accounts enabled in your store admin, as you have customer based locks set up with easylockdown app. enable customer accounts privacy policy last updated: december 20, 2022 introduction gear patrol, llc (“gear patrol” “we,” or “us”) is committed to transparency regarding your privacy and strives to protect the personal information that you share with us on our websites. our goal is to adhere to the principles set forth in this privacy policy, which makes commercially reasonable efforts to comply with applicable laws and regulatory standards relating to our collection of personal information. this policy does not relate to information collected through www.gearpatrol.com, but through only gear patrol-hosted subdomains and microsites, such as store.gearpatrol.com, giveaways.gearpatrol.com, stocked.gearpatrol.com, email.gearpatrol.com, and studios.gearpatrol.com;  dedicated websites for our contests and sweepstakes, such as gearpatrolgiveaways.com and stocked2020.com; or forms used to collect user information for the purposes of rsvping to an event or signing up to an email newsletter or other websites or digital properties linked to this policy (collectively, our “sites” or “services”). as this policy does not apply to www.gearpatrol.com, for information on how www.gearpatrol.com uses data, please see the hearst magazines privacy notice. collection of data we may collect personal information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to: when you use our services; register for our services; place an order; rsvp for an event; subscribe to a newsletter; fill out a form; respond to a submission request; participate in a promotion; contact us by email or traditional mail; and/or in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available in connection with our services. when you use our services, we may ask you to provide your: name; email address; home address; zip code; country; phone number; payment information; permission waivers; answers to survey questions; submissions in response to requests on our services; social media usernames, and/or a unique individual password. you may create an account by providing some of the information listed above. you may also provide information via forms on our sites or in other means. however, you do not need to create an account or provide any of the information above to visit and browse our sites or digital applications. when you first log on to our services, you may be offered an opportunity to sign up for exclusive offers, which will be delivered to you via the email address you provide. you are required to provide us with your email address in order to receive these special offers, which we collect and store in order for you to receive these offers. we will continue to send you offers and information on an ongoing basis until you opt out of receiving future communications from us. you do not need to register or provide any information to us if you are just browsing our websites, but if you want to make a purchase, you must provide your first and last name, your email address, your shipping address, your billing address, your phone number, and credit card information. gear patrol uses various third party service providers to collect and store all data it collects from its services. gear patrol obtains data and reports from its service providers as needed and retains the information only as long as needed to provide the requested services. if you have provided us your email address, we may reach out to you during the shopping process, or after you leave the applicable site. for instance, if you close your browser when you have an unfinished order (products in your shopping cart), we may email you to let you know you have not finished your checkout. we have a legitimate interest in making sure your shopping cart is there when you return. we will keep the items you’ve placed in your basket using a cookie for up to 14 days (provided you are using the same ip address) before the contents are deleted. please see the cookies section below for more information about this process. when you interact with our services, we also collect additional information that your browser makes available automatically. this information includes the internet address of the computer or network you used to access our services, the date, time, and page(s) you visited on our sites or services, the browser and operating system you used, and the page from which you linked to reach our services. we also use cookies and other technologies to help you navigate our sites and services. once you leave our sites or services, you have the right not to be followed. please see our section on cookies below to learn more about managing your experience. cookies to help us serve you better, we collect information that identifies the computer or browser used to access our services, as well as the user account associated with that computer/browser if you are logged in. cookies are pieces of information placed in the settings of your web browser by a website server to identify your computer when you return to a website. whenever a site welcomes you and tailors content to your specifications, it is reading a cookie left in your browser and identifying information that you may have registered during previous visits, such as your viewing preferences. certain cookies placed by our services do not collect any personal information and are essential to the provision of a functional website and/or app. we use these cookies to drive your navigation on our services. as noted above, if you have been shopping at our sites and there are items in your cart, those items will remain in your cart for 14 days and then disappear. note that you are not required to accept other types of cookies that collect personal information in order to use our services (such as the advertising cookies described above in the collection section). by using cookies, we may collect information about you from your browsing history and use that to send you targeted advertising. you may opt out of this collection and use at any time by changing your privacy preferences through the tools in your web browser, which will allow you to control whether our site can drop cookies when you visit or delete all your cookies from various services. you may also help manage cookies used for targeted advertising on our sites here: https://optout.aboutads.info. you may also help manage cookies used for targeted advertising on our email newsletter here: https://privacy.liveintent.com/email. we also use google analytics to help us understand how our customers are interacting with our sites and digital applications. see below for information on how to opt-out of google analytics information we may collect, including remarketing to you. please note that opting out of receiving remarketing cookies does not mean you may never see an advertisement on our sites and services. it simply means those advertisements will not be tailored to you based upon your preferences on the sites. also please note that some features of our sites may not function properly if all cookies (including necessary cookies) are blocked. google analytics the services may use various third parties to provide tracking and analytics services.  we  use google analytics demographics and interest reporting and other google analytics for display advertising features, including remarketing, google display network impression reporting and/or the doubleclick campaign manager integration. we are required by google to disclose the following information to you in our privacy statement in connection with our use of any google analytics for display advertising features on the gear patrol services. you may opt-out of google analytics for display advertising or customize google display network ads by using the google ads settings page. you may also prevent your data from being collected and used by google analytics by opting out through the use of the google analytics opt-out browser add-on. if the gear patrol services make use of the google analytics for display advertising remarketing feature, gear patrol will use such remarketing feature to advertise online and third-party vendors, including google, may show gear patrol ads on sites across the internet. gear patrol and third-party vendors, including google, may use first-party cookies (such as the google analytics cookies) and third-party cookies together to (a) inform, optimize and serve ads based on a user’s past visits to the gear patrol services, and/or (b) report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to the gear patrol services. as with all information we collect, the data from google analytics demographics and interest reporting may be utilized by gear patrol to help recognize and understand user preferences, to make improvements to the gear patrol services, to choose content and advertising to display to you, and for other business purposes that will allow gear patrol to better serve you. we also use data from other third parties such as squarespace, mailchimp, shopify, quantcast, and comscore. this data may be utilized by gear patrol to help recognize and understand user preferences, to make improvements to the gear patrol services, to choose content and advertising to display to you, and for other business purposes that will allow gear patrol to better serve you. use of data we use aggregated nonpersonal/deidentified data and information from all users of our services to measure server performance, analyze user traffic patterns, and improve the content of our services and portions of our services. we sometimes track the keywords that are entered into our search engines or through our services to measure interest in specific topics and to improve the visitor experience on the services. we may communicate with you about your account and purchases and will use your personal information to send you important non-commercial emails, such as administrative notices related to our services, your orders, and customer service inquiries. for instance, you will receive notices regarding the status of purchases that you make on the services. this and other noncommercial information is necessary to maintain our records. please note that unless you delete your account completely, as outlined below, we will continue to send you noncommercial communications, even if you have opted out of receiving commercial messages from gear patrol. in the event that gear patrol goes through a business transition with another party, such as a merger, acquisition, liquidation or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your data will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred to that party. affected users may be notified of any such business transition via email and/or notice on the gear patrol website. we may disclose your personal information if we believe in good faith that: the law or legal process requires it; we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency; or such release is necessary to protect our rights, property (including our websites and digital applications), or safety, or that of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers, or others. in the event gear patrol conducts an online survey, promotion, contest, or sweepstakes (collectively, a “promotion”), the information we collect will be used consistent with the terms and conditions outlined in the promotion guidelines or rules, which may include a reference to this policy. all promotions are voluntary and may include a request for information, such as your age, an image of you, or other information. should you choose, you can elect to provide permission for gear patrol to use the email address and/or telephone number you provide when entering a promotion for sending you marketing messages. however, you are only required to provide such permission in order to participate in a promotion if it is necessary for the running of the promotion. for instance, if we request your email address or your social media handle because it is used to notify you if you’ve won and/or to send your prize, and you do not want to provide it, you will not be able to participate in the promotion. information you provide us will be used to administer the promotion. if you have not opted-in to receive further communications about upcoming promotions, your identifying data will be retained only for as long as it is necessary to administer the promotion and legally comply with our obligations that extend from your participation, including prize awarding, reporting obligations, and other legitimate matters. similar to a promotion, when you provide information to us in connection with a submission request on the services, we may use the information you provide in an article, promotional material, or otherwise in connection with our services. please note that we request a phone number when you place an order with our services. if you choose to include your mobile number, such inclusion constitutes consent to allow gear patrol to send you non-marketing messages about your order or account, but we will not send you marketing communications unless you provide express written consent for us to do so. as noted above, gear patrol uses third parties to process your data for certain purposes, such as fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, and financial institutions for processing payments. for example, when you place an order on our services, one of our data processors will collect and store your data on our behalf. our contracts with these processors require them to comply with our instructions and/or the applicable regulations regarding your information and to make commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard your information. email marketing and opting out with your consent, as noted above, we will use your e-mail address and/or other personal information to provide you with information we think you will be interested in, including company news, updates, promotions, news from our advertising partners, affiliate marketers, featured companies, feature information, related product or service information, and information about items you may have viewed and/or added to your cart on the website. even after you have agreed to receive such messages, you can let us know at any time if you would prefer not to receive any or all of this marketing information by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us, or by making such request to email@gearpatrol.com containing the email address you wish us to unsubscribe from our lists. please note that if you do not supply the email address in your request, we will be unable to unsubscribe you. also, if you do not supply the same email address to us that you used to subscribe to, we will be unable to unsubscribe you. as noted above, even if you opt-out of receiving marketing messages, we will still send you important non-commercial messages so long as you maintain your account. please see below for how to permanently delete your account. if you have previously provided express written consent to receive commercial text promotion messages from us, you can stop them by replying “stop” to any marketing text message you receive. you may also send an e-mail to email@gearpatrol.com that contains the phone number you wish to revoke consent for marketing messages. please note that sending stop via text message will only end automated commercial text messages. links our sites may contain links to other sites, including those of our business partners. those sites may have their own privacy policies or no privacy policies at all. gear patrol is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by other sites and those other sites have not agreed to our privacy policy. gear patrol has no control over or responsibility for any unaffiliated third-party sites or the content contained in them, and we provide these links solely for the convenience of our visitors. we do not sponsor, endorse, or otherwise recommend such sites or any products or services they may offer. in short, once you leave our services, we are no longer responsible for the collection practices of the companies operating those sites. do-not-track signal because a browser’s default do-not-track signal does not often reflect the preference of our consumers, our sites do not respond to it. you may, however, elect not to receive marketing messages and/or have certain cookies placed on your browser, as discussed above, in the cookies section of this policy. children’s access our sites are intended for general audiences and adult use only. gear patrol does not market to and does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. if you are a parent or legal guardian and learn that we have inadvertently collected the information of a child under 13 and you would like it removed, please contact us at privacy@gearpatrol.com or by filling out the form at https://gear.gp/dsar for assistance. security we take reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect unauthorized access, alteration or destruction of data located on and collected by our services (including through our data processors). sensitive and private data exchange between the services and our users happens over an ssl secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. we exercise reasonable care to protect your non-public personal information. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. while we strive to protect your non-public personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us while it is in transit. once we receive your personal information, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect it. if a data breach occurs, we will, if required by law, notify you and the proper authority  within a reasonable time and if such notice does not compromise our investigation of such incident. payments and international shipments you may pay for our services by providing payment information directly on the gear patrol sites, through credit card. when you provide your credit card information on the sites, it goes directly to our vendors for processing. we only maintain a record of the transaction, not your credit card details, just like when you use the saved payment information from your amazon or paypal accounts. for questions regarding shipping outside of the united states, please contact gear patrol at store@gearpatrol.com. dispute resolution if you have an inquiry or complaint regarding whether gear patrol has violated its obligations under this privacy policy as to you (your “complaint”), contact us at: privacy@gearpatrol.com. we will acknowledge your complaint within 24 hours and respond to your complaint within 45 days. we may ask that you provide additional information and/or request a one-on-one discussion or conference. your rights you are entitled to access and receive a copy of  your personal information and to have it amended, updated or deleted, where such information is incorrect, incomplete or outdated. up to two times per year, you may exercise your right to access your information (“access request”) and obtain: a description of the categories of personal information and sources of such personal information we have collected within the past year; a description of the business purpose we have collected such personal information for; a description of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected within the past year; and/or information on each third-party company to whom we have disclosed, within the past year, personal information pertaining to you for our direct marketing purposes to obtain such information, please direct such request to: privacy@gearpatrol.com or https://gear.gp/dsar and provide us with your name and the email address about which you are requesting information. to verify your identity, gear patrol may require email verification from the email address gear patrol has in its records for you. you may be required to provide more information in order for gear patrol to assist you. gear patrol will confirm receipt of your request within ten days and answer your request within 45 days from its receipt provided that this request is complete and accurate. information held by gear patrol that is not maintained in a searchable or reasonably accessible format, is held only for legal or compliance purposes, and is not sold or used for a commercial purpose will not be included in response to a request to know. if you would like to update your information, you can make such a request to: privacy@gearpatrol.com or by filling out the form at https://gear.gp/dsar, including the name and email address associated with the account. the email address you provide must match the email address gear patrol has on its records for you. gear patrol will answer your request within a reasonable business period from its receipt provided the request is complete and accurate. you may be required to provide additional information in order for gear patrol to process your request. gear patrol will confirm receipt of your request within ten days and answer your request within 45 days from its receipt provided that this request is complete and accurate. you also have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information. please note that we do not sell our customer’s personal information. data deletion you can request that gear patrol delete your account and/or other personal information (“deletion request”) by directing such request to privacy@gearpatrol.com or by filling out the form at https://gear.gp/dsar. gear patrol will confirm receipt of your request within ten days and answer your request within 45 days from its receipt provided that this request is complete and accurate. to properly delete your account, you must provide the name under which the account was opened as well as the email address you used to create the account (names are similar, so we must have your email address to permanently delete your account). if you do not have an account or you are requesting deletion of information not associated with your account, gear patrol may require email or other verification from the email address gear patrol has in its records for you, or other forms of verification as appropriate. please note that we may not have an obligation to honor your deletion request for various reasons under applicable privacy laws, such as the need to continue delivering a service to you, maintaining records of sms opt ins, or for other lawful purposes. if you are part of any loyalty program or have a credit balance on your account, and you request your account be deleted, you will lose all access to your balance and any loyalty benefits permanently, and they cannot be restored. we retain your information for as long as it is necessary for legitimate business purposes. international visitors/users the sites and services are hosted in the united states.  if you reside in a country outside the united states and access the sites or use the services, you understand and agree that your information may be collected, maintained, and processed in the united states.  if you do not wish for your information to be collected, maintained, or processed in the united states, please do not visit the sites or use the services. contact us if you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, please contact us at: privacy@gearpatrol. policy changes we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove any portion of this privacy policy, in whole or in part, at any time. material modification of changes in the agreement will be disseminated via our services, including posting on our sites. by visiting the sites and/or using our services you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically review this privacy policy to determine the then-current terms of use and privacy policy to which you are bound. invalid password enter support store@gearpatrol.com about gear patrol magazine accessibility statement magazine stockist inquiries my account privacy policy final sale policy back to gear patrol cookie preferences copyright © 2023 gear patrol store. american express discover mastercard shop pay visa added to your cart: cart subtotal view cart () checkout