来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101222201519/http://shop.callawaygolf.com/on/demandware.store/Sites-SHOP-Site/default/CustomerService-Show?fid=orders
================================================================================

callaway golf clubs: big bertha drivers, irons, odyssey putters call 1-877-723-5218 or get help online. sign in please enter your email address and password below, then sign in for a quick and easy check out. * email: email * password: (case sensitive) password remember me sign in forgot your password? sign in sign in or create an account order status please enter your order id and zip code below, then click check status to review your order status. * order id: * zip code: check status order status my cart shop callaway golf wish list trade in! trade up! gift cards clubs drivers i-mix heads › i-mix shafts › diablo octane drivers diablo octane tour drivers ft-iz drivers ft-iz tour drivers ft tour drivers diablo edge drivers diablo edge tour drivers fairway woods diablo octane woods diablo octane tour woods ft-iz fairway woods diablo edge woods diablo edge tour woods hybrids ft-iz hybrids diablo edge hybrids diablo edge tour hybrids women's heavenwoods irons x-24 hot irons diablo edge irons diablo forged irons wedges x series jaws cc chrome x series jaws cc slate x series jaws chrome x series jaws vintage diablo edge irons complete sets women's solaire 14-piece set (champagne) women's solaire 14-piece set women's solaire 9-piece set (champagne) women's solaire 9-piece set more › juniors xj junior sets (5-8) xj junior sets (9-12) more › putters odyssey limited edition › odyssey backstryke › odyssey black series tour designs › odyssey white ice › odyssey white hot xg › odyssey divine › putter headcovers › balls callaway golf balls tour i(s) tour i(z) tour i(s) high player number tour i(z) high player number hx bite hx hot bite hx hot plus big bertha diablo warbird plus women's hx pearl top-flite golf balls gamer v2 xl 7000 super long xl 7000 super soft xl 7000 super straight freak d2 distance (2009) d2 feel (2009) d2 straight (2009) d2 diva (2009) accessories golf bags & travel gear › bag accessories › eyewear › gifts & extras › gloves › grips › headcovers › instruction & training aids › ion/magnetic products › putting greens by tour links › rangefinders & gps › timepieces › towels › umbrellas › apparel headwear › shirts › shorts › pants › outerwear › belts › footwear men's footwear › women's footwear › footwear accessories › gifts gift cards › gift center › business gifts › women's women's drivers › women's woods › women's hybrids › women's irons › women's wedges › women's putters › women's complete sets › women's golf balls › women's accessories › women's apparel › women's footwear › new arrivals new drivers › new woods › new hybrids › new irons › new wedges › new putters › new complete sets › new golf balls › new accessories › new apparel › new footwear › clearance clearance accessories › clearance footwear › your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. your browser currently is not set to accept cookies. please turn it on or check if you have another program set to block cookies. new! diablo octane drivers & fairway woods - fueled by forged composite learn more move beyond titanium: find out what makes forged composite lighter, faster and stronger than titanium. learn more free shipping over $100 home customer service orders customer service help orders payment options security policy estimated sales tax privacy policy contact us contact info shipping shipping options tracking your order shipping rates returns & warranty warranty information return policy gift cards trade in! trade up! customer service mon - thur: 8am - 8pm cst friday: 8am - 5pm cst saturday: 9am - 3pm cst sunday: closed 1-877-723-5218 email a question send us an email and allow one of our reps to answer your question. send an email top help topics shipping rates shipping options returns & warranty orders payment options security policy estimated sales tax privacy policy information about payment options, sales tax, online security policy and our privacy policy. payment options at this time we accept payment by... payment options at this time we accept payment by visa, mastercard, american express, and discover card. if we are unable to process payment on your credit card, please ensure the credit card number and expiration date were entered correctly and that the billing name and address exactly match your credit card statement. if any of these are incorrect, it may delay your shipment. you will be notified via email or phone if a problem exists with the payment information you provided during checkout. international orders shop.callawaygolf.com does not ship or bill orders to international addresses outside the united states. if you are outside of the united states, please use our retail locator to find the nearest authorized callaway golf retailer in your area. back to top security policy callaway golf knows that our online customers are concerned about.. online security policy callaway golf knows that our online customers are concerned about data security and privacy and we take these concerns very seriously. that’s why we employ reasonable measures to protect your personal information. to find out more about how we use and manage your personal information, please see our privacy policy. one of the ways that we protect your personal information is by accepting orders only from browsers that communicate through secure socket layer (ssl) encryption technology. when we ask you for a credit card number, the information will be ssl encrypted. personal information is stored in a secure environment protected by a combination of physical and technical measures. the information may be kept in separate locations or it may be aggregated into reports, lists or databanks. there is no general public access to this information. in some cases, the personal information may be encrypted before you conduct your transaction, using appropriate secure technology. if you send us correspondence such as email or postal mail, or contact us by phone, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. these files will also be stored in secure locations. always keep in mind, however, that the internet is not a secure system and you should always be cautious about the information you disclose while you are online. although we take steps to protect your personal information against loss, misuse and alteration, we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of your personal information provided over the internet and we will not be responsible for loss, misuse or alteration of the personal information. as such, we also give you the choice of making a purchase by phone rather than online. if you would prefer to use this method, simply call us toll free at 1-877-723-5218 . similarly, while we continually strive to evaluate and implement enhancements in security technology, it is important for you to take steps to reduce the potential for fraud, misuse or unauthorized access to your personal information. this includes such things as choosing a hard-to-decipher, random password, keeping your password private, using up to date anti-virus software and spyware blockers, avoiding public or shared computers and keeping abreast of the latest scams. if you ever feel that your account or personal information has been compromised, please call us toll free immediately at 1-877-723-5218 . under the fair credit billing act, all major credit card companies protect cardholders against fraud, subject to a $50.00 deductible. in the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. back to top estimated sales tax state sales tax is calculated based on the taxing... sales tax state sales tax is calculated based on the taxing jurisdiction of the shipping address provided by the customer at checkout. tax is calculated at the unit level as some states offer tax exemptions and exceptions for certain items. additionally, some items may be taxed at a different rate than other taxable items in your order. all applied taxes will be refunded if an item is returned, excluding tax applied to shipping and handling charges. we are required to collect tax on shipping and handling charges in most states. tax reflected during the checkout process is an estimate. actual tax will be applied when your order is shipped and will be included in order confirmation emails. if you have questions about the taxes on your order, please call us toll free at 1-877-723-5218 . back to top privacy policy at callaway golf, we are committed to respecting your privacy... at callaway golf, we are committed to respecting your privacy (click here to find out who we are). as a visitor to one of our websites, we only want to contact you if you wish to be contacted by us. with that in mind, we offer you the following details of how we gather, use, share and protect the information collected at this website and, as applicable, through our customer service department in connection with this website. this privacy policy does not apply to your use of non-callaway golf websites linked to or from this website. by visiting our website, you are accepting the terms and conditions described in this privacy policy. what kinds of information does callaway golf collect? what are cookies? why does callaway golf collect this information and how is it used? how do i let callaway golf know that it is okay to contact me? what happens when i make an online purchase at a callaway golf website? where does callaway golf store this information and is it secure? how long will callaway golf store this personal information? does callaway golf share this information with anyone? what is the process for reviewing and correcting information? does callaway golf offer links to other websites? what about personal information received from 3rd parties? what about the privacy of children? what happens if personal information is not provided? how can i stop receiving communications from callaway golf? your california privacy rights what happens when changes are made to this privacy policy? when was the privacy policy last updated and when do those changes take effect? 1. what kinds of information does callaway golf collect? callaway golf websites can collect information about you in a number of ways. one way we do this is by directly requesting information from you (such as on a product order form when you make a purchase, during customer service communications, as part of a sweepstakes or contest entry form, on registration pages, in response to a survey or on similar web pages where you are able to enter information into data fields and then send this information back to callaway golf). you may be asked to provide us with your name, address, credit card number, credit card expiration date, password reminders (such as your mother’s maiden name or the name of your favorite pet), phone number, fax number, email address, shipping address and similar information about you as an individual. we may also ask you questions about your golf game, your buying preferences or your lifestyle. we refer to all of this information as your "personal information." another way we collect information is by automatically recording information about your visit to our websites. for example, we might collect data regarding your activity while on our websites or record the web pages that you have chosen to visit. this is a common practice for many websites on the internet. the information collected does not personally identify you, but may be helpful to us for marketing purposes or improving the services we offer. we refer to this type of information as "general data." for example, we automatically log visitors' domain and ip addresses (a unique string of numbers that identifies a computer on the internet). at times, this general data may be combined with the personal information that you have provided. as described below, we also use cookies to enable the website to personalize your future visits and to help you navigate. from time to time, you may also be given the opportunity to give us feedback about our products or services or to post messages for others to read. sometimes this is done anonymously. other times your name or other identifying features may be attached. this process will always be voluntary and we will explain to you how the information will be used whenever we ask for it. callaway golf intends to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. in general, you can visit callaway golf on the internet without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. there are times, however, when we may need your personal information in order to do such things as process an order, respond to your information requests or to allow you to participate in online promotions. if you choose to give callaway golf personal information via the internet, it is also our intent to let you know how we will use such information. if you tell us that you do not wish to have this personal information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. you can call us at 800-588-9836 or 760-931-1771. for information about online shopping, please call 1-877-723-5218 . you can also email webmaster@callawaygolf.com for more information or you can write to us by addressing requests to internet customer service representative, 2180 rutherford road, carlsbad, california 92008. 2. what are cookies? "cookies" are pieces of information that a website transfers to your hard drive for record-keeping and other purposes. cookies allow the website to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient and efficient. like many websites, callaway golf uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. for example, we may track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous aggregate basis. we may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site, to keep track of the web pages that you have looked at, to administer certain online contests, sweepstakes and promotions, and to help customize your callaway golf web experience. we also may associate personal information with a cookie file in those instances. additionally, we may also use third party cookies to display advertisements on external websites. use the options menu in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. click on the "help" section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. if you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features offered on callaway golf websites. in addition, the federal trade commission provides helpful information about online privacy on their website: http://www.ftc.gov/. 3. why does callaway golf collect this information and how is it used? we need this information to process your orders and to help us improve our services to you; we want to make it easier to tailor our products and services to your particular needs. we also want you to have the most enjoyable internet and shopping experiences possible. with that in mind, callaway golf collects personal information and general data in order to: conduct and facilitate online transactions. maintain purchasing records and understand shopping patterns. make the website easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once. provide information faster. create content more relevant to you. adjust the website to your personal preferences. process your product orders. conduct contests, sweepstakes and promotions. help you quickly find products, services or information available from callaway golf. make improvements to the website. assess general trends within the website. alert you to new products, contests, sweepstakes, special offers, updated information and other services that callaway golf thinks might be of interest to you. this might be done through direct contact with you or by customized postings on our websites. where you have given us your permission we also might authorize other companies to contact you directly. enable you to use certain customized features and to save information for later visits to the website. create and deliver other similar business-related features and services. offer you occasional opportunities to provide us with feedback about our products or services. 4. how do i let callaway golf know that it is okay to contact me? when you make a purchase online at one of our websites, you will be asked to provide certain personal information that will allow us to process the order. by making a purchase with us online, you agree that callaway golf and its fulfillment partners may contact you regarding your order status and other order fulfillment issues. if you are uncomfortable providing personal information online, you can also make a purchase by calling 1-877-723-5218 . you can also call us at 800-588-9836 or 760-931-1771. you can also email webmaster@callawaygolf.com for more information or you can write to us by addressing requests to internet customer service representative, 2180 rutherford road, carlsbad, california 92008. when you provide us with your personal information, you also may be asked whether you would like to receive future contacts from callaway golf and from our select business partners and affiliates (as described in section 8 below). you elect to receive these future contacts by “opting in” in the designated check box. once you opt-in, you are granting us permission to use the personal information as described in this privacy policy, including transferring and storing your personal information at one or more locations within the united states of america. your election to opt-in also is your agreement that we may share your personal information with selected business partners and affiliates. the opt-in process further means that callaway golf and the entities that we share your personal information with (as described below) may contact you directly in accordance with this privacy policy. whenever we share personal information pursuant to this privacy policy, we will inform the party receiving it that the personal information may only be used for a specific, limited purpose in accordance with this privacy policy and as agreed upon in advance by callaway golf. we also may use confidentiality agreements to further protect personal information that becomes the property of callaway golf. if you provide us with your mailing address, telephone number or facsimile number, and tell us that we may contact you, we may also get in touch with you by one of these methods. 5. what happens when i make an online purchase at a callaway golf website? callaway golf collects and stores personal information that you provide to us when you make an online purchase, conduct certain online transactions or communicate offline with our customer service department. when you place an order, open an account or make certain inquiries, you will be asked to provide various personal information that we will collect, use and store as described in this privacy policy. among other things, this personal information will be used to facilitate your online transactions (including the processing and shipping of your orders), send you order-related confirmations and provide you with customer service support. this personal information also may be used to contact you about sales, special offers and new site features, unless you have elected not to receive promotional communications in connection with this website. in some instances, your personal information will be shared with and stored by third parties who perform services and carry out functions on our behalf and/or in connection with an order. these include, among others, third party payment and order processors, our network of fulfillment entities (such as local retailers and other product distributors), package delivery services, data management and analysis companies, marketing professionals, fraud protection services, website evaluators and the like. for example, we may disclose personal information that we collect about you to third parties who we use to provide order processing, fulfillment, financial, marketing or other services on our behalf or as otherwise permitted or required by law. in some cases, we use these companies or individuals to service, process and fulfill transactions, to protect against fraud, for institutional risk control, to respond to judicial process or to perform other duties on our behalf. we also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources, to enable us to update and correct the personal information contained in our database and to provide product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you. 6. where does callaway golf store this information and is it secure? callaway golf operates in many countries throughout the world. to enable us to offer consistent service to our customers, wherever they may live, we manage most of our internet sites from within the united states. information may be collected outside of the u.s. and transferred to the u.s. in certain instances. information that we collect may also be transferred to and stored by third parties who perform services and carry out functions on our behalf and/or in connection with an order. these include, among others, third party payment and order processors, our network of fulfillment entities (such as local retailers and other product distributors), package delivery services, data management and analysis companies, marketing professionals, fraud protection services, website evaluators and the like. callaway golf takes precautions to protect your personal information, including our policy of allowing access to this personal information to only to those individuals and entities with a need to know. we also use available technology and encryption, when legally required or when appropriate for your protection, to provide a more secure environment and to reduce the chance of unauthorized access. personal information is stored in a secure environment protected by a combination of physical and technical measures. the information may be kept in separate locations or it may be aggregated into reports, lists or databanks. there is no general public access to this information. in some cases, the personal information may be encrypted before you conduct your transaction, using appropriate secure technology. if you send us correspondence such as email or postal mail, or contact us by phone, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. these files will also be stored in secure locations. always keep in mind, however, that the internet is not a secure system and you should be cautious about the information you disclose while you are online. although we take steps to protect your personal information against loss, misuse and alteration, as is the case with all computer networks linked to the internet, we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of your personal information provided over the internet and we will not be responsible for loss, misuse or alteration of the personal information. click here to find out more about online security. in addition, the federal trade commission provides helpful information about online privacy on their website: http://www.ftc.gov/. 7. how long will callaway golf store this personal information? we will remove the personal information within a reasonable period of time after receiving your request to do so. otherwise, the information will be stored in a secure and protected environment for as long as we believe it necessary to serve you and to carry out the other purposes for which we collected the personal information and general data. in addition, legislation might oblige us to store this personal information for a certain period of time. to understand how you can amend or update your personal information, please refer to the appropriate question in this privacy policy. 8. does callaway golf share this information with anyone? we understand that your privacy is important to you. it is our policy not to disclose personal information about our website visitors without your explicit consent. this consent is given by your election to "opt-in" at the time you provide us with the personal information or by your making a purchase at one of our websites. once you opt-in or make a purchase, you are granting us permission to use the personal information as described in this privacy policy, including transferring to and storing your personal information at our central website located in the united states of america and to third parties who perform services and carry out functions on our behalf and/or in connection with an order. your election to opt-in and/or your online purchase constitute your agreement that we may share your personal information with selected business partners and affiliates. the opt-in process further means that callaway golf and the entities that we share your personal information with (as described below) may contact you directly in accordance with this privacy policy. whenever we share personal information pursuant to this privacy policy, we will inform the party receiving it that the personal information may only be used for a specific, limited purpose in accordance with this privacy policy and as agreed upon in advance by callaway golf. we also may use confidentiality agreements to further protect personal information that becomes the property of callaway golf. from time-to-time, in order to provide you with the services, information and products that you have requested, to fulfill an order, to conduct contests, promotions or sweepstakes or to provide you with services, information and products that we think might be of interest to you, we may share your personal information with the following entities and individuals: our corporate entities: this includes callaway golf company and our subsidiaries (collectively, the "callaway golf companies"). currently, callaway golf has subsidiaries in the united states, canada, europe, japan, korea and australia. in addition to the callaway golf® brand of products, callaway golf's brands include, among others, odyssey®, top-flite® and ben hogan®. to the extent that personal information is shared among the callaway golf companies, or to the extent that one of our subsidiaries obtains your personal information directly from you, we will inform them that the personal information may only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. in the event that one or more of the callaway golf companies merges with, acquires or is acquired by another company, in whole or in part, we may also share information with this other business entity and/or transfer this information as a company asset. if this occurs, we will require that this other business entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information. (references in this privacy policy to "callaway golf," "our," "we" or "us" mean all of the callaway golf companies. the privacy policies that apply to our various websites are very similar to this one, although you might find differences in the language depending on the country of origin of the particular website.) licensees, licensors and other business partners: the callaway golf companies may enter into business dealings, license agreements or other contracts with third parties (we call these relationships "third party agreements"). in connection with these third party agreements, the callaway golf companies may license various trademarks and other intellectual property rights to third parties. at other times, callaway golf may receive permission from a third party to use the third party’s trademarks or intellectual property rights. in addition, callaway golf may enter into business relationships or contracts with other companies for a variety of goods and services. to the extent that personal information is shared with these third parties, we will inform them that the personal information may only be used for a specific, limited purpose in accordance with this privacy policy and as agreed upon in advance by callaway golf. third party service providers and golf retailers: in some instances, your personal information will be shared with third parties who perform services and carry out functions on our behalf and/or in connection with a product order. these include, among others, third party payment and order processors, our network of fulfillment entities (such as local retailers and other product distributors), package delivery services, data management and analysis companies, marketing professionals, fraud protection services, website evaluators and the like. these companies and individuals may be used, among other ways, to fulfill orders, process credit card payments, provide customer service, deliver packages, send emails or post mailings, update customer lists and provide marketing services and support. marketing, advertising and website hosting companies: occasionally, the callaway golf companies utilize the services of outside agencies, companies or individuals to run marketing campaigns, respond to information requests, coordinate contests, sweepstakes and promotions or to host or operate websites and web pages that are connected with our business. we may also contract with third parties to help us better understand your web usage preferences or to analyze data that we collect on our websites and elsewhere. to the extent that personal information is shared with these third parties, we will inform them that the personal information may only be used for a specific, limited purpose in accordance with this privacy policy and as agreed upon in advance by callaway golf. consultants and corporate service providers: the callaway golf companies may use third parties to help us operate various aspects of our business. this might include people or companies that we bring in to help us understand how to more efficiently operate our business. it also might include third parties that we may use to outsource or help facilitate one or more aspects of our business (e.g. order fulfillment, customer service, co-branding issues, manufacturing, payment processing, etc.). to the extent that personal information is shared with these third parties, we will inform them that the personal information may only be used for a specific, limited purpose in accordance with this privacy policy and as agreed upon in advance by callaway golf. business transfers: as noted above, in the event that all or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to another party, or in case a transaction occurs in which your personal information is one of the business assets transferred, all personal information that has been collected and stored may be one of the business assets that we transfer. you will be notified of such a transfer in accordance with paragraph 16, below. law enforcement, regulatory agencies and legal proceedings: the callaway golf companies may share your information with government entities, authorized law enforcement personnel, regulatory bodies or as part of legal proceedings, in response to a valid subpoena or court order or as required by applicable law. 9. what is the process for reviewing and correcting information? you may request a copy of the personal information that callaway golf has collected. you may also correct any inaccuracies contained in this personal information. we do not charge for information requests, although we may charge you a fee to cover our reasonable costs of actually providing you with a copy of your personal information. we will require proof of your identity. please address requests to internet customer service representative, callaway golf company, 2180 rutherford road, carlsbad, california 92008-7328 or email webmaster@callawaygolf.com. we will provide you with a readable copy of the personal information within a reasonable time period after your request (usually 30 days, although we will acknowledge your request within 14 days). you may challenge the data that we hold about you, and, where appropriate, you may have the data corrected or completed. in some instances recognized by law, we may refuse to provide you with a copy of the personal information or change the data, but we will give you reasons for our refusal. we also welcome your questions, comments and suggestions about our privacy policy. please send your comments to webmaster@callawaygolf.com. 10. does callaway golf offer links to other websites? we also may offer links to websites that are not operated by callaway golf. if you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. we are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies. similarly, while all websites operated by the callaway golf companies have similar privacy policies that govern their use and operation, policies may vary from site to site based upon local customs, practices or laws or due to circumstances unique to that site. please review the privacy policy of each site to determine the privacy policies of that site. 11. what about personal information received from third parties? any personal information that callaway golf receives from third parties is subject to the privacy polices of those entities. we are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies. you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party to make sure you are comfortable with how they are going to treat your personal data. for example, some companies may require you to opt-out of their information exchange programs. in those instances, callaway golf may receive and/or use information gathered by these outside companies or agencies, and the handling and processing of your data will be governed by such third parties’ policies and not by this callaway golf policy. 12. what about the privacy of children? protecting the privacy of children is important. our website is not directed at children under the age of 13, nor do we knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13. if we become aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has signed up without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personal information from our files. we do not sell or ship any items ordered through this website to anyone who we know to be under the age of 18. 13. what happens if personal information is not provided? if you choose not to provide personal information, you will still, in most cases, be able to use many of the website features. however you will not be able to access areas that require registration or participate over the internet in contests, sweepstakes or similar promotions, nor will you be able to make purchases. even if you do not provide personal information, we will sometimes collect anonymous information about how you have used the website. this is information that does not personally identify you, but which may be helpful for marketing or improving the services we offer. (click here for more information on general data that is collected when you visit our websites and on how we use cookies.) in addition, the federal trade commission provides helpful information about online privacy on their website: http://www.ftc.gov/. you can also call us at 800-588-9836 or 760-931-1771. for information about online shopping, please call 1-877-723-5218 . 14. how can i stop receiving communications from callaway golf? if you wish to stop receiving communications from us or would like us to cease processing your information in any other way, you can write to us at: internet customer service representative, callaway golf company, 2180 rutherford road, carlsbad, california 92008-7328 or email webmaster@callawaygolf.com. we will also provide you with a return email opt-out address in each email that we send to you so that you may opt out of receiving future email communications. this return opt-out address will be operational for at least 30 days following the date the email was originally sent to you. 15. your california privacy rights california law permits our customers who are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please send an e-mail to webmaster@callawaygolf.com or write to us at 2180 rutherford road, carlsbad, california 92008. attn: privacy coordinator. 16. what happens when changes are made to this privacy policy? from time to time, it may be necessary for callaway golf to change this privacy policy. we suggest that you check here periodically. such modifications are automatically effective upon posting. you can be assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information. if at any point we desire to use your personal information in a manner different than that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email and give you the chance to indicate whether you consent to the proposed use. by visiting our website, you are accepting the terms and conditions described in this privacy policy, on our legal statement and on other locations throughout these web pages. please see our terms and conditions for additional information. 17. when was the privacy policy last updated and when do those changes take effect? this privacy policy was last updated on november 1, 2006 and all changes are effective immediately. back to top site links home drivers fairway woods hybrids irons wedges complete sets juniors putters balls accessories apparel footwear gifts & gift cards womens new arrivals clearance help contact us customer service shipping options & rates california privacy rights warranty information legal information privacy policy orders order status shipping options payment options estimated sales tax return policy accounts my account my wishlist my cart callaway golf co. callaway shopcallaway callaway pre-owned odyssey golf ben hogan top-flite retail locator trade in! trade up! sweepstakes winners keywords diablo octane family forged composite tour authentic ft-iz family fusion technology diablo edge, big bertha big bertha diablo big bertha golf clubs calaway golf clubs calloway golf clubs caloway golf clubs calaway, calloway odyssey golf putters odyssey, odessey odessey golf putters follow shop callaway facebook twitter callaway email sign up sign up for exciting email offers from callaway golf. subscribe please enter a valid email address. contact callaway customer service 1-877-723-5218 comment send © 2010 callaway golf company. all rights reserved. callaway golf odyssey ben hogan top-flite