来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201206131525/https://www.shopandroid.com/pages/about-smartphone-experts
================================================================================

about smartphone experts – shop android browse close menu search home deals cases see more "close cart" bumper cases case & holster combos hybrid cases sleeves holsters pocket pouches skin cases folio cases leather cases hard cases wallet cases battery cases workout cases waterproof cases chargers see more "close cart" quick chargers wireless charging car chargers wall chargers usb cables usb type-c usb 3.0 usb chargers charging docks audio & video charger adapters batteries see more "close cart" replacement batteries battery chargers power banks car kits see more "close cart" car mounts holders mounts motorcyclist log in create account sign in questions? call us (888) 468-6158 search my cart 0 your cart is currently empty. $0.00 total continue shopping home deals cases bumper cases case & holster combos hybrid cases sleeves holsters pocket pouches skin cases folio cases leather cases hard cases wallet cases battery cases workout cases waterproof cases chargers quick chargers wireless charging car chargers wall chargers usb cables usb type-c usb 3.0 usb chargers charging docks audio & video charger adapters batteries replacement batteries battery chargers power banks car kits car mounts holders mounts motorcyclist menu home deals cases bumper cases case & holster combos hybrid cases sleeves holsters pocket pouches skin cases folio cases leather cases hard cases wallet cases battery cases workout cases waterproof cases chargers quick chargers wireless charging car chargers wall chargers usb cables usb type-c usb 3.0 usb chargers charging docks audio & video charger adapters batteries replacement batteries battery chargers power banks car kits car mounts holders mounts motorcyclist home about smartphone experts about smartphone experts where are you located? our main office and warehouse is in inverness, fl, about an hour north of tampa. see contact us for more information. payment methods accepted we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, we don't charge your account until the day your order ship. for companies and governmental organizations, we also accept purchase orders. please contact our sales office at (888) 468-6158 to setup an account. all prices are in us dollars (usd) unless explicitly specified. shipping methods & rates we use usps as our primary carrier for all orders. see shipping methods for more information. returns policy 30 day no questions asked return policy on accessories. see returns policy for more information. sales tax accessory orders that are shipped to addresses in fl are subject to state sales tax.items ordered for local may call us to set up time. coupons and promotions we frequently run promotions and special offers. many promotions are with coupons. simply enter the coupon code during checkout to receive the promotion. there are some universal restrictions on coupons which we'll set out below: coupon must be redeemed before the expiration date. coupons do not stack, you can apply only one coupon during checkout. coupons never apply to clearance, deal of the day. if we run out products during a promotion then the promotion ends. sorry, we don't do rain checks! we occasionally have free items to give away. to ensure everyone has a fair chance at a free item you can only have 1 (one) free item per order. this rule does not apply to bundled free items such as buy one get one free. featured brands free shipping all orders over $35 5 day support monday - friday daily updates check out store for latest 30-day returns moneyback guarantee newsletter subscribe to our mailing list to receive updates on new arrivals, special offers and other discount information. we frequently run promotions and special offers. to ensure you don't miss out sign up for email alerts. many promotions are with coupons. simply enter the coupon code during checkout to receive the promotion. follow us payments accepted we accept visa, mastercard, american express, discover, paypal and amazon payments. we don't charge your account until the day your order ship. for companies and governmental organizations, we also accept purchase orders. please contact our sales office to setup an account. store information 2421 hwy 44 w inverness, fl. 34452 call us now : (888) 468-6158 email : support@smartphoneexperts.com customer care about smartphone experts contact us support request shipping technical support returns policy search navigation home deals cases chargers batteries car kits my account copyright © 2017 smartphone experts all rights reserved samsung samsung 3.3ft usb type-c cable the samsung usb-c cable lets you charge your usb-c device as well as sync your photos, music and data to your smartphone or laptop at blazing charge and transfer speeds. in addition, the cable also supports up to 3 amps of power output for charging usb-c devices. features: reversible usb-c connector 2a charging output 1m cord length sync and transfer files $7.95 $14.99 white - $7.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung 25w usb-c fast charging wall charger with new 25w usb-c fast charge technology, your battery can go from zero to up to 50% in about 30 minutes, so you can spend less time connected to an outlet. the 25w usb-c fast charge wall charger will charge usb-c devices without the fast charging feature as well, with up to a 2 amp charging rate. the samsung fast charge wall charger plugs into any standard wall outlet via the included ac adapter. this samsung charger has a standard output of 2 amp to give your phone power at a much faster rate than your typical 1 amp or 700mah charger. the samsung wall charger also comes with a detachable usb to usb-c cable, which allows you to charge your phone from the usb port on your computer or other usb power source if you aren’t near a wall outlet. you can sync and transfer files with your galaxy or any other smartphone using the usb-c cable. features: uses fast charge technology to charge your compatible device charge your compatible devices battery from 0 to 50% in about 30 minutes charge other usb-c devices at up to a 12v 2a speed $24.95 $34.99 white - $24.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung 5ft micro-usb charging data cable its always a great idea to have a spare micro-usb charging data cable handy in case of an emergency or even if you just need to share one with a friend! this oem cable will allow you to transfer your music, videos and pictures to and from your computer while charging up your device at the same time. it also measures 3 feet in length so you have plenty of cable to get around most common obstacles in your home or office! features: micro-usb to usb length: 5 ft. oem samsung cable transfers data and charges great for a spare $4.99 $19.99 white - $4.99 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung 2a adaptive fast charging micro-usb wall charger boost your battery life faster than youve ever seen before with this oem wall charger from samsung! using the latest in charging technology, this wall charger provides an incredibly quick charge to any device that supports quick charge 2.0. now you can spend less time waiting for your favorite device to regain life and more time connecting with your family, friends and collegues. keep in mind that if the device youre using doesnt utilize quick charge 2.0 technology then you wont experience the increase in charging speeds. instead, youll see a standard 2a charging rate. this wall charger includes a 5ft. micro-usb cable that connects to the adapter and into your device. its compact and smart in design, making it an excellent travel companion for any occasion. features: provides a 75% increase in charging speeds backwards compatible with standard devices without quick charge 2.0 technology (2a speeds) includes 5ft. micro-usb cable compact design, great for traveling $19.95 $34.99 white - $19.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung micro-usb 2a travel charger charge your device with this 2a travel adapter with a detachable micro-usb cable! this charger is compact and durable, which makes it perfect for when you travel. the detachable usb cable can be used for charging or data sync when plugged into a computer. **this is not the adaptive fast charger.** features: input: 100-240v~50-60hz, 0.35a output: 5.0v=== 2.0a cable type: micro-usb to usb $8.95 $29.99 default title - $8.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart blackberry blackberry micro-usb cable just as your blackberry smartphone helps you successfully multi-task, the combination data synchronization and charging cable helps you conduct two vital functions at the same time. the blackberry micro-usb cable that allows you to sync data between your pc and your blackberry smartphone also recharges it. pick up one cable for the office and another for home so youll wont be without the essentials your smartphone needs. also, like other blackberry chargers, the blackberry micro-usb cable is designed to charge your smartphone rapidly and help preserve the life of your battery features: micro-usb compatible simultaneously charge and sync data between your blackberry device and your computer constant current and voltage for consistent and rapid charge times 1 meter long $9.95 $29.95 1m - $9.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung 3220mah standard battery theres no denying the fact that device makes a lot of your mobile tasks easier than ever. some of those demands can drain your battery life quicker than others, so why not be prepared for those desperate occasions with a spare battery for the note 4! this oem device li-ion battery packs 3220mah of juice and uses the latest technology to make sure you get the most time possible out of a single charge. bring a spare with you on a camping trip, a late night drinking excursion or even while you're traveling.  there's realistically no disadvantage to carrying a backup battery, so why wait? grab one (or two) of these quality samsung standard batteries for the device before its too late! features: capacity: 3220mah type: lithium ion use as a spare or replacement provides excellent life from a single charge works with device $16.95 $29.99 default title - $16.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung 2800mah standard battery for galaxy s5 sport, galaxy s5 active, galaxy s5 there's no denying the fact that makes a lot of your mobile tasks easier than ever. some of those demands can drain your battery life quicker than others, so why not be prepared for those desperate occasions with a spare battery for this oem li-ion battery packs 2800mah of juice and uses the latest technology to make sure you get the most time possible out of a single charge. bring a spare with you on a camping trip, a late night drinking excursion or even while you're traveling. as an added bonus, this battery even sports a nfc antenna, allowing you to use your handset with other nfc-emabled devices.there's realistically no disadvantage to carrying a backup battery, so why wait? grab one (or two) of these quality samsung standard batteries for the [[works_with]] before it's too late!features: capacity: 2800mah type: lithium ion equipped with nfc antenna use as a spare or replacement provides excellent life from a single charge $22.95 $39.99 default title - $22.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung micro-usb 5ft charging data cable its always a great idea to have a spare micro-usb charging data cable handy in case of an emergency or even if you just need to share one with a friend! this oem cable will allow you to transfer your music, videos and pictures to and from your computer while charging up your device at the same time. it also measures 5 feet in length so you have plenty of cable to get around most common obstacles in your home or office! features: micro-usb to usb length: 5 ft. oem samsung cable transfers data and charges great for a spare or replacement $8.95 $19.99 black - $8.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart blackberry blackberry 12600mah high capacity mobile power charger (mp-12600) the blackberry mp-12600 mobile power charger’s high capacity provides reliable power to extend your productivity. the blackberry mp-12600 keeps you moving by providing reliable charging on the go. with 3 amps of total output, you can charge multiple devices at the same time. led battery power indicator lets the user know how much power is left and when the battery needs charging. features: power level indicator 12,600mah battery with 3a output 145mm x 76mm x 17mm note this does not include charger or usb cable. $47.95 $59.99 default title - $47.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung 2a adaptive fast charging micro-usb car charger with the new adaptive fast charging vehicle charger for select device, your battery can go from zero to up to 50% in about 30 minutes. adaptive fast charging to charge device charging compatible devices battery from 0 to 50% in about 30 minutes charge other micro usb devices at a 2a speed charge your phone from a vehicle power outlet via cla - usb adapter and micro usb cable $9.95 $39.99 white - $9.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung 2a usb 3.0 travel charger/sync cable bring lighting fast charging to device with this oem 2a usb 3.0 travel charger/sync cable! this all-white cable has a usb 3.0 plug on one end, and a 21-pin plug on the other. you can easily plug into your computer to charge or sync your movies, pictures or data at any time. included with the cable is a travel adapter that plugs into a standard wall outlet. on the side of the adapter is a usb port, which the cable plugs into. you get everything you need with this samsung 21-pin usb travel adapter; quality, efficiency and reliability. features: usb to 21-pin input: 100-240v (50-60hz) 0.35a output: 5.3v -- 2a includes: travel adapter and usb cable fast, efficient charging and data transfer $16.95 $39.99 white - $16.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung usb 3.0 21-pin cable isnt it time you started charging device with the speed and efficiency of a usb 3.0 cable? this oem cable gives you 5 feet of lightning-fast charging, which is plenty of length for any normal office or bedside use. the 21-pin connector plugs directly into device and can be used for transferring data through your computers usb port or even charged with a usb power adapter. perfect for a replacement or even a spare, this samsung usb 3.0 21-pin cable is a must-have for any device owner. features: length: 5 ft oem samsung cable micro-usb 3.0 compatible with device perfect as a spare or replacement $14.95 $29.99 white - $14.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart apple apple earpods with remote and mic unlike traditional, circular earbuds, the design of the new apple earpods is defined by the geometry of the ear which makes them more comfortable for more people than any other earbud-style headphone. the speakers inside the apple earpods have been engineered to minimize sound loss and maximize sound output, ensuring you get high-quality audio that’s just as impressive as what you’d hear from more expensive headphones. this headset includes a built-in remote that lets you adjust the volume, control the playback of music and video, and answer or end calls with a pinch of the cord. features: control music and video playback deeper, richer bass tones greater protection from sweat and water answer and end calls 3.5mm plug $19.95 $29.00 default title - $19.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart shop android smartphone large horizontal pouch case universal leather pouch, fits many devices. pouch inner size: (6.73 x 3.27 x 0.67) inch a very classic professional look magnetic closure with soft inside cushioning. belt clip, use to clip on or slip through a belt will provide protection from the elements, scratches, dirt, and shocks. $14.25 $22.95 default title - $14.25 usd regular price quantity add to cart seidio samsung galaxy s9 surface holster seidio the s9 surface holster is designed to pair with the s9 surface caseseidio's holster is felt-lined and features a face-in design to protect your device when in holster.the spring-clip holds your device and lifts out quickly for easy access.use this swivel belt-clip to hold your device in up to seven different positions. *use only with surface case not for use without a case. $21.95 $29.95 default title - $21.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart sandisk 200gb ultra microsdxc memory card shoot and save more high-quality photos and full hd video on your android smartphone or tablet with sandisk ultra® microsdhc™ and microsdxc™ uhs-i cards. with storage capacities up to 200gb you can take more photos and videos without worrying about running out of space. capacities up to 200gb to capture, carry and keep it all fast transfer speeds of up to 90mb/s featuring class 10 for full hd waterproof, x-ray proof, temperature proof, and shockproof. sd™ adapter included for compatibility with digital cameras todays mobile devices feature advanced photo and video capabilities, so you can record all of lifes exciting moments. sandisk ultra microsdhc and microsdxc uhs-i memory cards allow you to capture, carry, and keep all those moments at your fingertips. add storage up to 200gb to eliminate the dilemma of choosing what to keep and what to delete. this memory card features class 10 video rating for high-quality video recording, so you can capture full hd without dropouts and stuttering. and with up to 200gb3 of storage space, the cards allow you to store plenty of full hd video files before you have to transfer files to your computer. the sandisk memory zone app available on the google play™ store, makes it easy to view, access, and back up all of your files from your phone’s memory in one convenient place. to help your smartphone run at its peak performance, this app can be set to automatically off-load files from your smartphone’s internal memory to your memory card. sandisk ultra microsdhc and microsdxc uhs-i cards are waterproof, shockproof, x-ray proof and temperature proof to protect your memories from lifes mishaps. take your phone or tablet to the snow, the pool, or the desert. your card will survive, even if your device doesnt. sandisk ultra microsdhc and microsdxc uhs-i memory cards are ideal companions for high-performance android smartphones and tablets. the cards’ additional storage means you can take more photos and videos without worrying about running out of space. sandisk ultra microsdhc and microsdxc uhs-i memory cards give you the freedom to keep all your digital files with you on your smartphone or tablet. plus, the included sd™ adapter lets you move files easily among other sd compatible devices, such as digital cameras and computers $45.95 $95.99 default title - sold out regular price quantity add to cart cellet type-c to micro usb adapter connect this usb type-c connector to a micro usb cable to charge or sync your type c device. this useful accessory allows you to re-use your old micro usb cables or chargers. this ultra compact design is durable and small enough not to interfere with cases. the amazing type-c port offers charging and data transfer at a rapid speed. the type c usb adapter helps you to connect your usb type c devices with your old micro-usb accessories like chargers and cables. get ready for the future - just plug this adapter with your old microusb cables and accessories and get the faster charging and quicker data transfer. features: usb type-c connector to microusb adapter for your usb type-c devices. manage, backup, and transfer your data. connect to micro usb cables and compatible chargers. ultra compact, durable design. charge and sync cable for your device. $8.59 $18.99 default title - $8.59 usd regular price quantity add to cart apple apple 3ft lightning to usb cable this apple usb 2.0 cable connects your iphone, ipad, or ipod with lightning connector to your computers usb port for syncing and charging or to the apple usb power adapter for convenient charging from a wall outlet. the cable measures approximately 3 feet in length. features: genuine apple cable approx 3 feet long usb 2.0 to lightning connector use with pc for syncing or adapter for charging cable only $14.95 $19.99 default title - $14.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung usb type-c to micro usb adapter the samsung usb type-c to micro usb adapter lets you connect many of your standard usb devices and accessories into products that are usb-c compatible. this portable adapter includes a standard female usb type-a port and male usb type-c plug. simply insert the usb-c end of the adapter into your samsung galaxy note7 or other usb-c compatible products and you’re ready to connect your usb device. no matter if you’re at home or on-the-go, the usb type-c to microusb adapter ensures that you stay connected anywhere, anytime. use the built-in mcrousb connecter to connect to a microusb cable (such as from your old device) to your new device for charging or data transfer* features: allows you to leave it permanently connected to your legacy devices or grab-and-go supports usb 2.0 charging and transfer speeds* *does not support otg connections such as memory sticks, external hard drives, keyboard or mouse. $8.95 $9.99 default title - sold out regular price quantity add to cart samsung active in-ear headphones the samsung active in-ear headset is perfect for the active listener. it combines comfort, stability and high-quality audio into a stylish and compact package. large 12mm speaker units give the active serious sound while the contoured ear gels with stabilizing wings make it comfortable enough for long term wear and stable enough for the treadmill. compact, light-weight design ultra-light materials and tangle resistant cable makes it easy to take these earbuds with you anywhere. in-line multi-function remote built-in mic performs answer/send, volume control and track advance all within a convenient reach and without having to fumble for your phone. comfortable fit includes 4 sets of ear gels to fit a wide variety of ear shapes and sizes. winged ear gels for in-ear stability and improved sound ultra-soft, contoured gels reduce unwanted noise and improve audio quality large 12mm drivers for clear, serious sound in-line remote with volume and send/receive phone control please note: some functions may not work with all devices. $22.95 $29.99 black sapphire - $22.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung 2a adaptive fast charging micro-usb car charger boost your battery life faster than youve ever seen before with this oem fast charging car charger from samsung! using the latest in charging technology, this car charger provides an incredibly quick charge to any device that supports quick charge 2.0. now you can spend less time waiting for your favorite device to regain life and more time connecting with your family, friends and collegues. keep in mind that if the device youre using doesnt utilize quick charge 2.0 technology then you wont experience the increase in charging speeds. instead, youll see a standard 2a charging rate. this car charger includes a 5ft. micro-usb cable that connects to the adapter and into your device. its compact and smart in design, making it an excellent travel companion for any occasion. features: provides a 75% increase in charging speeds backwards compatible with standard devices without quick charge 2.0 technology (2a speeds) includes 5ft. micro-usb cable compact design, great for traveling $23.95 $34.99 white - $23.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung hdmi adapter (type c) superior 4k viewing experience - usb type-c to hdmi superior 4k viewing experience ultra sharp and smooth screen mirroring - expand your screen onto uhd display $37.95 $39.95 default title - sold out regular price quantity add to cart lg 3200mah standard battery lg v20 power your day with the standard battery for device®. designed for the modern mobile user, the v20 is equipped with a battery that’s long lasting. as part of lg’s commitment to a sustainable future, all lg v20 batteries are recyclable. learn how to recycle your old batteries.the lg v20 is compatible with quick charge 3.0, so you can spend less time charging up and more time on the go. removable 3200mah battery conveniently swap batteries to stay charged $34.95 $39.99 default title - $34.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung 3.5mm premium stereo dual dynamic speaker w/ remote and mic samsung premium earbuds are designed to sound amazing and you can wear them comfortably on the go for hours at a time. and even switch to a call in the middle of a song using the built-in mic. with larger drivers and a bass port that’s built right into the stem, samsung premium earbuds deliver deep audio in a surprisingly small package. so your favorite songs always sound their best. get the fit you expect with a design that’s shaped for better sound. comfortable enough to wear for hours on end. $7.95 $29.99 white - $7.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart nite ize fits all vertical holster constructed of rugged materials for ultimate protection, the fits all holster features a rugged, fixed position clip that attaches to your belt or waistband and stays secure, keeping your phone safe and at hand throughout your active day. this case is designed to accommodate most phone sizes, with or without form fit cases and stays closed with a durable velcro flap. its a simple, streamlined way to keep your phone secure in rugged work or play environments of nearly every kind. features: internal dimensions - 6 h x 3 w x 0.75 d weight: 1.41oz secure velcro closure durable fixed belt clip great for rugged evironments $6.95 $10.99 black - $6.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart blackberry blackberry n-x1 2100mah standard battery you cant always recharge device when youd like to, but with an extra oem blackberry n-x1 battery on hand you can always talk, type, and work as long as you need to. keep it in your briefcase or purse and stay connected, powered up, and ready to get the job done. the blackberry n-x1 2100mah standard battery is designed to work with device, ensuring it is powered for longer and the battery sustains an optimal amount of charge. features: model: n-x1 capacity: 2100mah oem blackberry battery use as a spare or replacement $22.95 $34.99 default title - $22.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart sandisk sandisk 64gb ultra microsdxc perfect for todays high-performance smartphone and tablet users, sandisk ultra cards deliver faster transfer speeds of up to 30mb/s for faster multi-tasking and app response times. plus, get twice the speed for shooting photos and full hd video with a class 10 rating (class 6 for lower capacities). features: highest full hd video recording performance available with class 6 and class 10 rating 2x the speed of typical microsd cards for advanced photo capture faster app performance with transfer speeds up to 30mb/s uhs-i enabled and ready for the next generation of mobile devices water-proof, temperature proof, x-ray proof, shock proof please note: this item comes to us in either the red/gray, white/gray, or all black in color. you could receive either one. $11.95 $84.99 default title - $11.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung fast charge wireless charging convertible pad say goodbye to tangled wires and lost charging cables. the samsung wireless charging convertible utilizes qi inductive charging technology that eliminates the need to fumble with charging cables each time you want to charge device. perfect for at home or the office, the dedicated wireless charger is always at the ready, providing wireless power whenever you set device on it. the stand was designed to allow you to still use your device while charging, propping it up so you can navigate music, review notifications and answer calls without having to interrupt charging. the samsung wireless charging convertible is easy to set up and use. first, connect the wireless charger to your device’s charging cable and then place your phone on the stand. for optimal performance, your device should be placed in the center of the pad. the built-in led indicator light will alert you if the device is not properly aligned and when a good charge alignment is acquired. if a non-samsung or samsung charger below 2a is used, you may damage the wireless charger. a type-c charger is required but not included a micro-usb to type-c adapter is included not all devices are fast charge capable wirelessly so please know that * wireless fast charge is compatible with the samsung galaxy note 5, galaxy s6 edge+, and later models of the galaxy s and galaxy note series. **requires samsung 2a adaptive fast charging micro-usb wall charger or samsung 25w usb-c fast charging wall charger. $79.99 $89.99 black - sold out latte - $79.99 usd regular price quantity add to cart cellet stereo earphones talk on your cellphone or listen to your favorite tunes with pure sound quality with the hands-free cellet 3.5mm stereo hands-free headset. equipped with a built-in microphone, it allows you to make and answer phone calls at the touch of a button. the included soft foam pads and small ear bud size promotes comfort in your ears and enhances privacy while you’re listening to music or on an important call. featuring a 3.5 foot long audio cord, this set of earphones is perfect for working out or performing any other tasks with that require both hands to be free. $4.95 $12.95 white - $4.95 usd black - $4.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart qmadix micro-usb quick charge 2.0 car charger works with quick charge ready devices including the most popular samsung, lg, htc, and others. for vehicle and travel certified by the official testing partner for qualcomm quick charge 2.0 works with quick charge ready devices including the most popular samsung, lg, htc, and others certified by the official testing partner for qualcomm quick charge 2.0 charge up to 75% faster than conventional charging backwards compatibility between quick charge 1.0 and quick charge 2.0 measures 7 ft / 2.1m compatible with micro usb devices $14.95 $34.95 default title - $14.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart lg lg 2800mah standard lithium-ion battery bl-42d1f for lg g5 don’t get stuck without power, get this lg 2800mah standard lithium-ion battery for your lg g5 will keep you in touch for longer when your original battery loses its charge. a replacement battery will give you longer standby-time and talk-time. lithium ion technology will give you long lasting talk, text time, and standby time and is rechargeable with no memory effect. keep an extra at the office and at home. features: capacity: 2800mah (3.8v) type: rechargeable li-ion fits lg g5 oem quality great as a spare or replacement $29.95 $39.99 default title - sold out regular price quantity add to cart amzer shellster hard shell case w/ holster combining the protection of a shell case and the power of a clip stand holster. the form fit rear shell is impact resistant for complete protection and quickly slides in and out of the holster for instant phone access! the shell case features an exclusive design with a soft matte finish protecting the back and sides of device. edges of casing are extended and reinforced for ample impact protection. the protective shell also features an integrated kickstand..perfect for media viewing and features: stylish yet durable.it is the perfect carrying solution protect device from bumps, scratches and every day wear & tear made of high quality polycarbonate with a rubberized finish precise cutouts for easy access to all controls and functions advanced locking mechanism securely holds device in place use with or without the holster for a customizable level of protection 180 degree swiveling belt clip doubles as media stand personalized media viewing in a vertical or horizontal position case edges are reinforced and extended for continuous protection holster clipstand is reinforced for your active lifestyle $10.95 $19.95 black - $10.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart motorola motorola turbopower 15 wall charger with the motorola turbopower 15 wall charger you can charge at the speed of life. get a burst of energy that keeps you going all day. or power up while driving between appointments so youre never without juice. the turbopower 15 charger delivers up to 8 hours of power in just 15 minutes of charging for some motorola phones while charging other compatible phones 75% faster. specifications: 15 minutes of charging on the latest moto phones delivers up to 8 more hours of battery life.3 other usb-enabled phones and tablets enjoy up to 1.6 amp charging rate.4 our optimized battery charging algorithm enables turbo charging while maintaining good battery cycle life. output standard: 5v / 1.67a (8w) turbopower: 9v / 1.67a (15w) turbopower: 12v / 1.2a (15w) only applies to optimized motorola devices with qualcomm quick charge 2.0 technology such as the new moto x. battery must be substantially depleted; charging rate slows as charging progresses. all battery life claims are approximate and based on an average mixed use profile that includes both usage and standby time. actual battery performance will vary and depends on many factors including signal strength, network configuration, age of battery, operating temperature, features selected, device settings, and voice, data, and other application usage patterns. 4enhanced charging capability requires device to be enabled with qualcomm quick charge 2.0 technology. battery charge rate differs by phone. $28.95 $34.99 default title - $28.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung samsung 2600mah standard battery this lithium ion battery is designed specifically for your device to deliver the most reliable and long lasting power (2600 mah). this battery is equipped with an nfc antenna, allowing your handset to communicate with other devices and accessories equipped with nfc technology. features: samsung oem battery lithium ion cell capacity: 2600mah nfc enabled specifically for device $24.95 $39.99 default title - $24.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart seidio samsung galaxy s9 surface this s9 case is a thin design at just 2mm thickwith cut-outs and button covers to increase protection and accessibility.the case has a polycarbonate exterior layer with our signature soft-touch coatingand a tpu inner layer that adds an extra layer of protection.also has hexguard™ technology on the inside of the tpu layer which helps dissipate shock in event of impact.it has a slide-in design for quick and easy installationwith a zinc-alloy kickstand for media viewing with magnetic closure when not in use. $22.95 $32.95 default title - $22.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart seidio seidio surface holster for blackberry keyone the seidio surface holster is designed to pair with the seidio surface case with metal kickstand. the holster is felt-lined and features a face-in design to protect device when carried. a top spring-clip holds your device and lifts quickly for easy access. use the swivel belt-clip to hold device in up to seven different directions. features: the surface™ holster is designed to pair with the surface™ case. the holster is felt-lined and features a face-in design to protect your device when carried. a top spring-clip holds your device and lifts quickly for easy access. use the swivel belt-clip to hold your device in up to seven different directions. $26.95 $29.95 default title - $26.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart seidio seidio surface case with metal kickstand for blackberry keyone whether you’re an active outdoors person or not, there will always be moments when you’re outside of your home or car and mother nature comes calling. that’s why seidio designs and engineers cases for device for outdoor lovers as well as for those might rather stay inside. from the slimmest protection available to tough, rugged outdoors defense systems, seidio cases cover a wide range of safeguarding options in a broad collection of styles. so whether your fair-weather or up for anything, seidio cases for device have got you covered. ultra-slim look and feel overall thickness of 2mm sleek case that provides scratch protection for your device precision cut-outs for access to controls, ports, microphones, speakers, and camera magnetic zinc-alloy kickstand provides convenience by easily snapping back in when not in use $22.95 $29.95 black - $22.95 usd dark red / black - $22.95 usd midnight blue / gray - $22.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart seidio seidio vitreo tempered glass screen protector for samsung galaxy note 8 the seidio vitreois a tempered glass material that utilizes advanced technology to shield and protect your device.made from a high grade glass with a 9h hardness rating, vitreo is shatterproof, allowing it to absorb more impact than your regular pet screen protector and prevent damage from occurring to device screen.the precise tapered edges protect the weakest points on your device to make the vitreo reliable and more durable against breakage.the vitreo’s surface feels just like thedevice screen without interfering with touch sensitivity or optical clarity while giving you an extraordinary level of protection. the design and lightweight material will provide peace of mind no matter what comes in contact with your device. high grade tempered glass with a 9h hardness rating prevents damage in the event of scratches and abrasions tapered (rounded) edges provide a premium and more aesthetically enhanced profile for device engineered to reinforce the strength of the critical points of impact which results in prolonged durability oleophobic coating resists marks and smudges with advanced technology that reduces the appearance of fingerprints promotes touch sensitivity and enhances optical clarity easy installation without bubbling and lifting glass is only 0.33 mm (0.01 in) thin $17.95 $24.95 default title - $17.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart amzer amzer dual layer hybrid kickstand case for samsung galaxy s8 plus the amzer dual layer hybrid case with kickstand provides optimal protection for your samsung galaxy s8 plus. this must-have features not one, but two layers of advanced hybrid protection! layer 1 is a durable silicone cover that is a perfect fit over your device. layer 2 is an impact resistant hard shell that easily wraps around the silicone layer. all ports are easily accessible for instant operation and all buttons are covered by raised silicone. the heavy-duty hard case features a kick-stand for convenient placement on a desk or table for media viewing or video calls. the hybrid case features a rugged design for advanced protection for your active lifestyle!features: this amzer dual layer case provides best protection to your device. keeps your device secure and protected. provides a fashionable look and feel. advanced locking mechanism holds device securely. lightweight durable protection. low-profile built-in stand for easy horizontal or vertical viewing. rubberised material works as added grip support. stand doubles as a convenient finger hold to prevent accidental drops while talking. $5.95 $7.95 black - $5.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart apple earpods with lightning connector unlike traditional, circular earbuds, the design of the earpods is defined by the geometry of the ear. which makes them more comfortable for more people than any other earbud-style headphones. the speakers inside the earpods have been engineered to maximize sound output and minimize sound loss, which means you get high-quality audio. the earpods with lightning connector also include a built-in remote that lets you adjust the volume, control the playback of music and video, and answer or end calls with a pinch of the cord. the speakers inside the earpods have been engineered to maximize sound output and minimize sound loss. the earpods with lightning connector also include a built-in remote that lets you adjust the volume, control the playback of music and video, and answer or end calls with a pinch of the cord. works with all devices that have a lightning connector and support ios 10 or later, including ipod touch, ipad, and iphone. $39.99 $44.99 default title - $39.99 usd regular price quantity add to cart incipio 3.3ft usb 3.1 type c to usb-a charge/sync cable the usb 3.1 type-a male to usb type-c male cable from incipio lets you use usb type-c peripherals with legacy devices such as adapters, notebooks, and desktops. it transfers data at a rate up to 10 gb/s and allows you charge and sync usb type-c devices. this cable is 3.3 long and comes with a reversible usb type-c connector so you can complete the connection on the first time. 3.3 usb 3.1 type-a to usb type-c cable converts a usb type-a port to a usb type-c connection for charging and syncing supports usb 3.1 transfer speeds usb type-c is an easy-to-use reversible connector so you never need to worry about plugging into the port incorrectly $12.95 $14.99 default title - $12.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart ventev ventev 6ft type-c usb to usb-a cable the ventev 6ft flat, tangle-free a→c 2.0 connector cable is optimized for your mobile device. cables can charge your device up to 3a and transfer data as well as support the new c connector devices. convenient charging from any standard a port to a c port enabled device 6ft length and supports rapid rate charging up to 3a flat cable design for easy, tangle-free wrapping slim over mold designed to work with most cases $16.95 $24.99 gray - $16.95 usd white - $16.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart amzer amzer dual layer hybrid kickstand case the amzer dual layer hybrid case with kickstand provides optimal protection for your blackberry dtek50. this must-have features not one, but two layers of advanced hybrid protection! layer 1 is a durable silicone cover that is a perfect fit over your blackberry dtek50. layer 2 is an impact resistant hard shell that easily wraps around the silicone layer. all ports are easily accessible for instant operation and all buttons are covered by raised silicone. the heavy-duty hard case features a kick-stand for convenient placement on a desk or table for media viewing or video calls. the hybrid case features a rugged design for advanced protection for your active lifestyle! features: rugged design for your active lifestyle. buttons protected by raised silicone. bezel around screen means its a lay flat design, screen wont touch tabletop when placed screen down. durable dual layer protection. inner silicone layer and rubberized polycarbonate outer layer. collapsible built-in stand for convenient horizontal or vertical media viewing. rubberized silicone material works as added grip support. stand doubles as a handy finger hold to prevent accidental drops while talking. $7.95 $12.95 black / black - $7.95 usd black/red - $7.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart cellet 3a / 15 watt usb type-a and usb type-c dual port wall charger charge your usb type-c and type-a deviceat its optimum speed with the cellet 3 amp usb ( type-c/type-a) high powered home charger. small yet powerful, this charger supplies 15 watts (3 amps) to your type-c/type-a compatible device at rapid speeds. our chargers are built with advanced power smart detection that identifies the devices max charging speed and smart ic chip technology that provide overcharge, overheat and overcurrent protection. features the new usb type-c and the type-a connector advanced power smart detection that identifies the devices maximum charging speeds smart ic chip technology prevents devices from overcharging, overheating and overcurrent folding blades for easy storage usb type-c compatible devices and type-a connectors $12.95 $24.99 default title - $12.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart ruiz 2.1a (10w) usb car charger ruiz charge your apple or android device with existing usb cables at fast speeds as you drive to your destination. with built-in smart ic chip technology, it provides overcurrent, overcharge and overheat protection. designed with a small profile, it does not add extra bulk in your car console and can be stored easily in your glove compartment or computer bag. compatible to ipad, iphone, samsung, htc and more. features: universal usb port with 2.1 amps/10 watts compact, sleek profile designed to fit flushed into your car console built-in smart ic chip technology to protect against overcurrent, overcharging and overheating use existing usb cables to charge various devices compatible to ipad, iphone, samsung, lg, htc and more (cables sold separately) $8.95 $15.99 black / gray - $8.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart seidio microusb cable (1.0m) 2-pack seidio’s micro usb type-b high connectivity cable is a great way to keep device charged and updated for use. micro usb type-b (male) to standard usb 2.0 (male) connectors 1m long charging cable (excluding connectors) perfect for use with a computer or wall adapter smooth finish nylon braided cable increases durability and longevity high connectivity cable for better charging and more stable connection. 480 mbps data transfer speed via usb 2.0 (24 awg) $8.95 $9.95 default title - $8.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart samsung fast charge qi wireless charging pad take your wireless charging experience to the next level with the fast charge wireless charging pad. available in black sapphire or white, the new wireless charging pad allows you to charge device device up to 1.4x faster than standard wireless charging pads, reducing total charging time from 0-100% by up to 50 minutes!* using samsung’s fast charge technology, the pad can transfer a faster charge to the device when used with samsung 2a adaptive fast charging micro-usb wall charger. the fast charge wireless charging pad is closing the gap in speed between wireless and wired charging! the pad is also backwards compatible for any qi-enabled device so you can charge those devices wirelessly at standard speeds. fast charge support galaxy note5 and galaxy s6 edge+ are compatible with wireless fast charge technology. other devices will charge at standard wireless charging speeds. wireless charging convenience say goodbye to tangled wires and lost charging cables. the samsung wireless charging pad utilizes qi inductive charging technology that eliminates the need to fumble with charging cables each time you want to charge your device. the dedicated charging pad is always at the ready, providing wireless power whenever you set your device on the pad. you can still use your device while charging, and your device is always accessible so you can answer a call without having to unplug. easy to use the samsung wireless charging pad is easy to set up and use. first, connect the charging pad to the samsung 2a adaptive fast charging micro-usb wall charger and then place your phone on the pad. for optimal performance, your device should be placed in the center of the pad. the built-in led indicator light will alert you if the device is not properly aligned and when a good charge alignment is acquired. if using a galaxy s6, galaxy s6 edge, galaxy note5 or galaxy s6 edge+, the pad will also alert you when your device is fully charged with a green led indicator light. if a non-samsung or samsung charger below 2a is used, you may damage the charging pad includes usb wall charger and usb cable. wireless fast charge feature available for even faster charging speeds on select models** qi certified by wpc (wireless power consortium) to support wireless charging on all qi-enabled devices (where fast charge feature is not compatible**, standard wireless charging speeds apply) portable, attractive design for use in multiple locations multi-colored led halo indicates charging status one charger, many devices the samsung wireless charging pad is qi certified by the wireless power consortium (wpc) and is compatible with all qi-enabled devices, including from samsung: galaxy s 5, galaxy s 4, galaxy note 4, galaxy note edge and galaxy note 3 (these galaxy smartphones require wireless charging battery covers, sold separately) as well as the galaxy s6, galaxy s6 active, galaxy s6 edge, galaxy note 5 and galaxy s6 edge+, which do not require additional charging battery doors. the fast charge feature is compatible with only galaxy note5 and galaxy s6 edge+ models. *testing under laboratory conditions. results may vary. battery power consumption depends on factors such as network configuration, signal strength, operating temperature, features selected, vibrate mode, backlight settings, browser use, frequency of calls and voice, data and other applications usage patterns. ** wireless fast charge is compatible with the samsung galaxy note 5, galaxy s6 edge+ and later models of the galaxy s and galaxy note series. ***requires samsung 2a adaptive fast charging micro-usb wall charger. use of improper power source may result in damage to charging pad. $46.95 $69.99 black sapphire - $46.95 usd white - $46.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart lynktec truglide stylus with clip the truglide stylus for ipads and tablets features patented conductive fiber tip technology that is smoother and longer lasting than rubber. its strongly woven microfibers are designed to glide across your touchscreen without sticking or skipping. with a small, 6mm tip, the truglide stylus is more precise and accurate than your finger tip, making it great for writing, drawing, or simply navigating. $9.99 $19.99 black / gold - $9.99 usd brushed silver - $9.99 usd pearl white - $9.99 usd regular price quantity add to cart lg 3000mah standard battery bl-51yf this lg standard battery for device will keep you in touch for longer when your original cell phone battery loses its charge. a cell phone replacement battery will give you the longest standby-time and talk-time. this lg standard cell battery features 3000mah of capacity and lithium-ion cell type. effective and economical, this battery is essential to extend the life of device. $29.95 $39.99 default title - $29.95 usd regular price quantity add to cart