来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20120919181528/http://www.berettausa.com/service/privacy.aspx
================================================================================

store policies | beretta usa skip to main content item added to cart catalog men women shooting gear gun accessories firearms holsters air guns muzzle loading optics gifts sale upland sportsman american waterfowler big game hunter victory shooter pistol shooter law enforcement email page print page bookmark recently viewed you have not viewed any products recently. home > customer service > store policies customer service categories store policies contact us quick order check order status product documentation product registration promotions view catalog request a catalog request a gunlock owner's manual request repair service status ask a question & faq shipping information find a service center warranty & serial number information check certificate balance terms of use site map store policies to better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this beretta site. the security of your personal information is very important to us. the personal information that you provide to us on our website when you register or update an account, enter a contest or promotion, shop online or place an order telephonically (i.e. name, address, telephone number and e-mail address) is maintained in private files on our secure web servers and our internal systems. beretta shares information about our customers with some of our affiliated companies and reputable third parties in order to help us provide better service to you. these third parties may be given access to some or all of the information you provide to us. beretta requires these third parties to maintain your information in the strictest confidence. also we will not sell, rent or share your email address with others for them to send you unsolicited email. what personal information we collect ip address when you browse berettausa.com you do so anonymously. personal information, including your e-mail address, is not collected. your ip address (the internet address of your computer) is logged on our server to give us an idea of which parts of our web site you are visiting and how long you are spending there. we do not link your ip address to anything personally identifiable. if you are shopping in the beretta e-store cookies our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart if you are in the e-store, to monitor on line surveys that you may have taken and to assist you in navigation on our website. when shopping in the beretta e-store, your cookie is like taking a number for a service when entering a store. your selections are stored on our server, not your computer. this is like asking a clerk to hold your merchandise while you continue to shop. when you are done shopping, and ready to check out, your cookie identifies which selections of merchandise belong to you. this cookie contains no personal information about you and no one but beretta can retrieve your cookie. cookies are not required to browse our site but they are required to place an order. if you prefer not to turn on cookies to browse this site, and you would like to purchase merchandise, you can and call us at 1-800-929-2901 to place your order. we are open monday – friday through 8:00-8:00 eastern standard time. you may also fax your order to 1-610-429-1177, or mail your order to: beretta customer support, 17601 beretta drive, accokeek, md 20607. when placing your order, please have your payment information ready or enclose it with your order. our on-line e-store order form we collect visitor's contact information (like their e-mail address) and financial information (like their credit card numbers) as part of the ordering process. when you make a purchase using a credit card, we collect your name, your billing address for the card, the card type, number, and expiration date. we collect this information in order to bill you for your purchase, to ship your order, to send you an e-mail confirmation or to resolve a question about your transaction. if you are having your order shipped to an address other than your billing address, we also collect the name, address, and phone number of the intended recipient(s). we do not store credit card numbers or expiration dates on this web site and do not aggregate credit card information with any other information we may collect on the site. how we protect the security of your personal information the security of your personal information is very important to us. in our efforts to protect your online transactions, we use a technology called secure sockets layer (ssl). if your browser is capable of ssl (and most are), your personal information will be automatically encrypted, or encoded, before it is sent over the internet. beretta has also obtained a digital certificate from thawte, a leading provider of internet trust services. when you enter a secure portion of our site (which is any page containing any of your personal information), an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window. if you click on this image, a small popup window displaying site-security information will appear. this certificate guarantees that your personal information is being transmitted in secure (encrypted) form to a beretta server, not to some unknown or unauthorized server. ultimately, your personal information is protected by the password you created when you created an account at the beretta e-store (or another password you chose after changing a previous password). please keep this password confidential. no customer support representative or any other representative of beretta will ever ask you for your password. the confidentiality of your password is yours to protect. contact information our site's warranty registration, gun lock, email newsletters, catalog and manual request forms, and order forms require users to give us contact information (such as their name, address and e-mail address). the customer's contact information is used to process requests, validate product warranty registrations and permits us to contact the visitor if necessary. in some instances, we also collect information about your preferences. we use your preference information to better serve you when sending out announcements on beretta events, promotions and product announcements. when we send you e-mails, we also provide you with the necessary information about how to opt out from receiving future e-mails. how to opt out if you wish to opt out from e-mails from beretta, send an e-mail to estore@berettausa.com with the subject line of "remove." we will exclude you from future e-mails. links to other web sites this site contains links to other sites. please note that berettausa.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. disclaimer this policy may be changed at any time without notice at beretta’s discretion. policy updated on 3 march 2012 legal notices weights, stock dimensions, checkering pattern and wood grain may vary according to the individual firearm. beretta reserves the right to change or modify its products without notice. pricing may vary by model, specification, color, size and availability. follow the safety rules printed in firearms instruction books and on ammunition boxes. if you do not have an instruction book for your firearm, write for a free copy, or request a copy on-line. please specify the model and serial number. the firearms herein have been photographed with their actions closed to properly showcase their features. in actual practice, any firearm not in use must be left with ammunition removed, action open, and safety on. disclaimer of warranties. although beretta strives to provide high quality content, beretta does not guarantee or warrant the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the site content. user expressly acknowledges and agrees that use of the information from the site is at user's sole risk. the content is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. beretta expressly disclaims to the user all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. beretta makes no warranty that the content will meet user's requirements, or that access to the site and the content will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free; nor does beretta make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the service or as to the accuracy or reliability of any content. user understands and agrees that any document and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this information service is done at user's own discretion and risk and that user is solely responsible for any damage to user's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data. beretta makes no warranty regarding any information obtained from any hyperlinked third party site. no information obtained by user from the site shall create any warranty not expressly made herein. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to user. 8. limitation of liability. by using the site, user is agreeing that under no circumstance will beretta be responsible for any information contained in, displayed on or omitted from the site; any person's reliance on any such information, whether or not the information is correct, current or complete; the consequences of any action user or any other person takes or fails to take based on information provided by or as a result of the use of the site. user specifically agrees that beretta is not liable for any conduct by user associated with the site, including, but not limited to, activities relating to databases, directories, communities, resumes, user profiles, surveys, chat rooms, message boards or other services currently offered or those services that will be offered in the future. in no event shall beretta be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, resulting from the use or the inability to use the site, or from any goods or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through the site or resulting from unauthorized access to or alteration of transmissions or data, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, use, data or other intangible property, even if beretta has been advised of the possibility of such damages. in the event beretta is found liable, its liability to user or any third parties is limited to $50. some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so some of the above limitations may not apply to user. 9. indemnity. user agrees to indemnify beretta against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from the user's use of the site or breach of the agreement. 10. revocation of access. beretta reserves the right to revoke user's access to the site or any use authorizations relating to the site granted to user. 11. user input. all electronic mail or communications provided by user to beretta may be used by beretta for any purpose without compensation to the contributor, subject to beretta's web site privacy policy. 12. applicable law. user acknowledges that the content contained in this site is controlled in and originates from the united states. beretta makes no representation that any of the content is appropriate or available for use in other locations. beretta has no responsibility for any access to this web site from territories where the content may be illegal or otherwise prohibited. users who choose to access this site from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. any claim relating to the use of site and any content shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of maryland, without regard to its conflicts of laws rules. user expressly consents to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of maryland for any such claim. sign up to receive enews from beretta to get special sales, new product developments and select beretta news. lifestyles upland sportsman american waterfowler big game hunter victory shooter pistol shooter law enforcement departments catalog men women shooting gear gun accessories firearms holsters air guns muzzle loading optics gifts sale customer service buy e-gift card certificates store policies contact us quick order check order status product documentation product registration promotions request a catalog request a gunlock owner’s manual request repair service status ask a question & faq media center about beretta where to buy careers at beretta beretta gallery dealer login facebook ©2012 beretta u.s.a corp. all rights reserved | site design and development by americaneagle.com | privacy policy | terms & conditions | site map remember, firearms safety depends on you!