来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101229141022/http://www1.americangreetings.com/legal.pd
================================================================================

americangreetings.com terms of service american greetings help member benefits sign in or join now sign in enter the email address and password that you used to sign up for your membership or to register your account and hit the "submit" button. email address password forgot your password? remember me on this computer(recommended unless you are using a public computer) products ecards > innovative ecards to send, share or post anniversary ecards baby ecards birthday ecards care & concern celebrate the date congratulations encouragement friendship ecards get well ecards graduation ecards holidays just because love & dating pet ecards saying hi special occasions sympathy ecards talking ecards thinking of you thank you ecards wedding & engagement view all ecards > featured mobile ecards taylor swift jim brickman kathy davis personalized paper cards > personalize cards with a message or photo, professionally printed and mailed by us birthday cards funny birthday cards birthday for her graduation cards photo graduation cards thank you cards birth announcements friendship cards shop greeting cards > shop the card aisle > same cards you see in stores, delivered to your door greeting card assortments birthday card assortments boxed stationery sets thank you stationery sets limited edition birthday cards yakety yaks good vibrations let me out shop card aisle cards > print at home > create and print cards from your home computer anniversary cards baby cards birthday cards care & concern cards congratulations cards encouragement cards friendship cards get well cards graduation cards holiday cards just because cards love & dating cards saying hi cards special occasion cards support cards sympathy cards thinking of you cards thank you cards wedding cards view all printable cards > featured mom's connection mobile apps & more > mobile apps, calendars, reminders and much more… iphone app calendars & reminders wallpapers & screensavers invites justwink card calendar occasions birthday baby just because ecards love & dating ecards special occasions ecards thank you ecards care & concern ecards in stores what's new in stores find a retailer search find it quick ecards printables choose occasion birthday anniversary baby congratulations encouragement friendship get well good bye & good luck graduation i'm sorry love & dating miss you saying hi support sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding & engagement choose recipient choose style find it quick ecards printables choose occasion birthday anniversary baby congratulations encouragement friendship get well good bye & good luck graduation i'm sorry love & dating miss you saying hi support sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding & engagement choose recipient choose style or search ecards printables type in key words ecards printables type in key words login to facebook americangreetings.com terms of service the following is a legal agreement between agcm, inc., a delaware corporation with offices at one american road, cleveland, ohio 44144 ("ag," "we," "us," or "our") and "you," the user of this site. by accessing, browsing or using this web site ("site"), you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound to these terms of service ("terms") and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. this agreement contains warranty disclaimers and other provisions that limit our liability to you. please read this agreement in its entirety. if you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. your use of the site ag hereby grants you a limited license to copy and use the materials, features, and services provided by ag on this site (collectively the "materials") solely for your personal, non-commercial use, subject to these terms. the design and layout of the site are specifically excluded from the materials. no other use of the site or materials is authorized. you agree that any copy of the materials (or any portion of the materials) that you make must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained herein or therein. framing of the site or site materials or posting of materials on other web sites is strictly prohibited. the products, technology, or processes described or used on this site may be the subject of intellectual property rights reserved by ag or other third parties. except for the limited license granted above, nothing contained herein confers to you in any manner, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license, title, or ownership of or to any intellectual property right of ag or any third party. copyright information all of the material available on the site is copyright © 1998-2007, ag, inc. or used under license. ag currently utilizes copyrighted materials from various individuals and entities. copyright notices for such material are set forth wherever such licensed material appears on the ag site. trademarks use of any american greetings trademarks as meta-tags for search engines is strictly prohibited. this site is neither endorsed, nor sponsored by, nor affiliated with the national academy of recording arts & sciences, inc.® grammy® and the gramophone and speaker logo are registered trademarks of the national academy of recording arts & sciences, inc. all rights reserved. acceptable use policy ag has adopted the following acceptable use policy in order to assure that its ecards are used in a lawful and appropriate manner. while ag does not ordinarily monitor the content of users' ecards, it reserves the right to investigate reports of misuse of its service and to protect its property and assets. the following conduct is prohibited on the service: sending harassing, abusive, or threatening messages; sending obscene or pornographic messages or images; sending defamatory or libelous messages; sending viruses or other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files; attempting to steal passwords or credit card information; sending messages in furtherance of unlawful, criminal, or fraudulent activity; or attempting to conceal or misrepresent the identity of the sender. violations of the ag's acceptable use policy will not be tolerated and may result in the sender being blocked from sending additional ecards on the service. if the sender is a member of ag's subscription service, ag may disable the sender's account without compensation or refund. ag reserves the right in its sole discretion to disclose to third parties, including product recipients, their counsel, or law enforcement authorities, relevant information about a communication, including, but not limited to, the sender name, account information, member and cookie numbers, transmission data, past and subsequent service use, and any other information deemed necessary by ag to address past violations of the acceptable use policy and to prevent future violations. these disclosures may be made with or without prior notice to you. by using the service, you irrevocably consent to such disclosures. spam you may not use this site to send online ecards to mailing lists to which you do not have full rights or to send unsolicited bulk or commercial messages. in addition, the use of automated scripting-type programs that automate the process of sending or viewing any of the materials is strictly prohibited. ag reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion and without prior notice to you, the number of cards or messages that you may send using the site or the number of recipients to which you send such cards or messages. you are solely responsible for your actions and communications undertaken or transmitted using this site. neither we nor our affiliates exercise editorial control over your transmissions; however, we do reserve the right to review your uploads and transmissions in order to ensure compliance with these terms. links and advertisements ag may feature on its site, in its newsletters, or in its e-mail communications to you links to third-party web sites. these may appear in the form of text links, advertisements, banners, buttons, integrated gift services, digital cash, digital gift certificates, or otherwise. the goods and services available through these links are offered by independent companies, which are not affiliated in any way with ag, agcm, inc., americangreetings.com, or american greetings corporation. ag makes no representations as to the quality, fitness, workmanship, value, appropriateness, or reliability of the merchandise available or the solvency or financial viability of any advertiser. ag will not reimburse or indemnify you for any losses you may incur as a result of transactions with any ag advertiser. users are advised to use discretion in selecting companies to do business with online. there may be circumstances where access to this site is provided by a link located at another web site. neither ag nor its affiliates makes any representations or give any warranties with respect to any information contained in or at these other sites and neither ag nor its affiliates are liable for any damages or injury arising from the content of these other sites. neither ag nor its affiliates endorses the individuals, companies, or other similar entities, or any products or materials associated with such individuals, companies, or other similar entities, that provide a link to this site. using your own content, photos, or images ag may allow you to create your own cards by uploading your own photos, artwork and other materials. if we do and you do so, you are subject to the conditions outlined in these terms. when you upload photos or images to the site you are indicating that you own the photo or image or have full rights to its use. you are also indicating that the photos or images you upload do not depict any obscene, pornorgraphic, or illegal materials. when you upload material to the site and use it to create an ecard, your material will be used for the transmission of your digital ecard; however, we may also use such material in the course of performing testing, training or archiving of our and our affiliates' systems and hereby expressly reserve the right to do so. photo cards and other paper cards by purchasing photo cards or other paper products, you are subject to the conditions outlined in these terms. when you upload photos or images to the site you are indicating that you own the photo or image or have full rights to its use. you are also indicating that the photos or images you upload do not depict any obscene, pornographic, or illegal materials. you also agree that, by clicking the "next" button and clicking the box to approve your design, you accept the card as it appears on the screen. you also understand that ag takes no responsibility for misspellings, misalignment, typographical errors, or other user-generated errors. mobile cards when you send a card via your mobile phone, standard messaging and data rates may apply. in addition, the recipient of your card may also be subject to messaging or data charges from their mobile carrier depending on their messaging plan. by sending a card via mobile phone, you agree that you are the account holder or have the account holder's permission to send the card. to stop receiving cards: text stop ag, end ag, cancel ag, unsubscribe ag, or quit ag to 647338. you will receive a confirmation message indicating that you will no longer receive messages or charges. you will not receive any additional messages or charges unless you opt back in to receive cards. to get help: email us at help@agmobile.com or call our support number at 800-711-4474. from your mobile phone, you can request our contact information at any time by texting help ag to 647338. in addition to the other restrictions and limitations contained in these terms, ag is not responsible for failures in delivery of cards via mobile phone as a result of any technical issues. for instance, ag is not responsible if your card is not delivered because: the recipient declines delivery, the recipient is on an unsupported carrier the recipient's phone can not display video messages, the recipient's plan does not provide for video messaging, the recipient's carrier is unable to deliver messages to them, the recipient's network connection is interrupted during message delivery, or either your or the recipient's carrier does not support video messaging. there may be other reasons for a delivery failure as well. ag will not give refunds for cards that are not delivered due to technical issues that ag is not responsible for. contests from time to time, ag may sponsor contests and sweepstakes on its web sites. participation in such contests is entirely voluntary. ag does not condition access to any goods or services it offers on participation in any contest. if you elect to enter any such contest, your participation is governed exclusively by the contest rules available through the entry forms or in these terms of service. you agree to strictly abide by any and all contest rules. any personally identifiable information you provide in conjunction with any contest becomes the property of ag and you hereby consent to receive special promotions and offers from ag and its advertisers, consistent with our privacy policy. in the event that you are awarded any prizes or other consideration, you give ag permission to use your name, likeness, portrait, recorded voice, and biographical information to advertise, publicize, or promote ag, its products and services, and no additional consideration will be paid for such rights. americangreetings.com toolbar by downloading and using the americangreetings.com toolbar, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions as well as the privacy policy. you understand that the content provided by the americangreetings.com toolbar may change at any time, and that content may be added or removed at ag's discretion. such changes may include, among other things: the addition of content, the removal of content, the requirement that you pay to have access to certain content, and content that you have previously paid for being made available at no charge. no changes to the content contained in the americangreetings.com toolbar will result in a refund of any fee, in whole or in part. purchases via ipad, droid, or other applications you may use our content through our applications in two ways: on a per send basis, and by purchasing a subscription. in either case, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions as well as the privacy policy. you understand that the content american greetings provides on our application is subject to change at any time, and that content may be added or removed at ag's discretion. such changes may include, among other things: the addition of content, the removal of content, the requirement that you pay to have access to certain content, and content that you have previously paid for being made available at no charge. if you chose to send content through your applications on a per send basis, you may send the content you have purchased for 30 days. any subsequent sends, even of the same piece of content will require additional payment. there is no refund for per send content. for more information about our refund policy, please see our terms of sale. the refund policy for your application subscription (if any) is governed by the terms of sale. warranty restriction; limitation of liability. the materials, information, and services provided on this site are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. there is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of any materials, information, or services (including, but not limited to, any data, text, images, sounds, or computer programs (including collections and compilations of them)) or against infringement. ag is not responsible for any failure of ecards sent through the service to reach their intended recipients or to reach such recipients on the date specified by the sender. the materials available on the site are subject to change without notice. neither ag nor any of its officers, directors, employees or affiliates are liable for any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive, exemplary or incidental damages of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits or attorneys' fees) in any way due to, resulting from or arising in connection with your access to, inability to access, or use of the site, or from your reliance on any information provided at the site, even if ag has been advised of the possibility of such damages. this limitation applies to all causes of action in the aggregate including, but not limited to, breach of contract, breach of warranty, negligence, strict liability, misrepresentation, and any other tort. in the event the foregoing limitation of liability set forth herein shall be for any reason held unenforceable or inapplicable, you agree that ag and its affiliates' aggregate liability shall not exceed any sums paid pursuant this agreement. neither ag nor its affiliates takes any responsibility or assumes any liability for any content uploaded or otherwise transmitted by you or any third party, or for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography, indecency, lewdness, harassment, threats, abuse, or profanity you may encounter in using the site. you agree to hold harmless ag and its affiliates and parties with whom ag has contracted for purposes of hosting or maintaining this site from all claims based upon communications or materials made available by you on the site. international use neither ag nor its affiliates make any representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the united states, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. indemnification you hereby indemnify, defend and hold harmless ag and its affiliates, and all officers, directors, owners, agents, content providers, licensors and licensees (collectively, the "indemnified parties") from and against any and all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the indemnified parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you or any user of your account of this agreement. you must cooperate as fully as reasonably required in defense of any such claim. ag reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. enforcement by ag in the event ag determines, in its sole discretion, that you have violated these terms, ag have the right to immediately terminate your account (with or without refund), refuse membership, or block the sending or receipt of ecards from our site, or pursue any other remedies available to it under applicable law. governing law this agreement, and the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto, are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of ohio. any dispute arising between you and ag will be submitted to binding arbitration in cleveland, ohio in accordance with the american arbitration association's standard rules then in effect for arbitration of commercial disputes. updates to terms ag has the right to revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. by using this site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this site to determine the then-current terms to which you are bound. privacy policy the terms of our privacy policy can be found by clicking here. digital millennium copyright act notices pursuant to title 17, united states code, section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to ag's designated agent. the following information is provided exclusively for notifying the service providers referenced below that your copyrighted material may have been infringed. all other inquiries (e.g., requests for technical assistance or customer support, reports of email abuse, and piracy reports), will not receive a response through this process. written notification must be submitted to the following designated agent: name of agent designated to receive notification of claimed infringement: americangreetings customer support full address of designated agent to which notification should be sent: ag interactive, inc. one american road cleveland, ohio 44144 telephone number of designated agent: 1-216-889-5945 facsimile number of designated agent: 1-216-889-5971 dmca contact form to be effective, pursuant to title 17, united states code, section 512(c)(3)(a), the notification must include the following: an electronic or physical signature of the owner or of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;. a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, and a description of the infringing activity including of where the material which you claim is infringing is located on the ag site sufficient to allow us to locate the material; identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists, for example the url of the website where it is posted or the name of the book in which it has been published, your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; a statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. products ecards birthday ecards talking ecards mobile ecards ecard site map print at home birthday cards anniversary cards thank you cards printables site map from the card aisle greeting card assortments boxed stationery sets limited edition cards personalized paper greetings birthday greeting cards thank you greeting cards mobile apps & more iphone app justwink wallpapers & screensavers invites american greetings card calendar american greetings birthday calendar what's in stores what's new find a retailer customer service member benefits help center tools calendars & reminders corporate information careers about american greetings advertise with us investor relations press room privacy policy terms of service email protection resource center american greetings is everywhere become a fan ag twitters! americangreetings.com is a service of a subsidiary of , copyright © 1997-2011 ag.com, inc. all rights reserved.