来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231153206/http://www.americangreetings.com/blog/
================================================================================

american greetings blog - american greetings blogholidays valentine’s day st. patrick’s day easter mother’s day father’s day independence day halloween thanksgiving hanukkah christmas new year’s other holidays celebrations birthday fun facts party ideas patriotic wedding anniversary what to write what to write in a christmas card what to write in a thank you note what to write in a sympathy card what to write in a birthday card what to write in a mother’s day card what to write in a father’s day card what to write in a graduation card gratitude gifts & crafts gift ideas crafts relationships family sympathy friendship thank you voices our people kathy davis mary engelbreit what to write in a thank you note december 30 by american greetings leave a comment are you wondering what to write in a thank you note? maybe it’s for a holiday gift received, or maybe it’s time to pen your bridal or baby shower thank-yous. maybe you’re looking to write that mother of all thank-you notes that someone might save in a memory box. or maybe you’re just plain, old procrastinating. well, the first thing you can thank is your lucky stars, cuz you’ve got your own personal gratitude guide right here. in my own little part of the planet, people have been thanking me for my thank-yous for as long as i can remember. i’ve had my fair share of experience, too. in the last couple years, i got married, had a baby, and the accompanying showers — and let me tell you, there’s no faster way to learn how to write a memorable thank-you! sure, it all started out with mom forcing me to write a note after every birthday or holiday gift growing up, but by now it’s just part of who i am. there’s something i really love about knowing i’ve sent this little connection out into the world, a thoughtful envelope in a sea of bills and junk mail, to let someone know just how much they’re appreciated. so, without further ado, i’m going to let you in on my little secret… it’s all about the details. whether it’s filling in a blank note or adding a few lines to a greeting card, taking the time to write a personal message can really go a long way. my team works on american greetings’ thank-you cards, and we love to find fresh, creative ways to help you say thanks! we’ll give you a great sentiment to start, but taking the time to add a few personal words can really make all the difference. start with the “dear.” whom are you thanking? pay attention to the card or gift tag you receive, and address your thank-you the same way. if a gift was from a family, include the children as well. at a shower, make sure someone takes notes so you can get this part right — that extra attention to detail really helps. make it specific. start your thank-you with a description of the gesture or gift: “thank you for…” or “i really appreciate…” gift — let them know how much you like the gift, or how you plan to use it, but be careful not to exaggerate. there’s really no need to say you’ll think of them every time you do dishes. we love the new dish towels. i can’t believe you found something that so perfectly matches the colors in our kitchen! money/gift card — try not to directly mention money. explain how you’ll use the gift, and consider thanking them for their kindness or generosity. thank you so much for your generous gift. we’ll be using it toward a beautiful wooden changing table for the nursery. hosting — compliment the host on a specific food, decoration, or a memorable moment. your home is so warm and inviting, and i especially loved your beautiful centerpiece. i can’t believe you made it yourself! being there — there are many more reasons to write a thank-you. here are some to get you started: for child or elder care, for helping out when you’re sick, for encouragement, advice, or friendship, for listening or support, for mentoring or helping you achieve a goal. thank you so much for talking me off the ledge last week. it means so much to know you’re really there for me. be genuine. use your own voice. not mine, your aunt edna’s, or anyone else’s. match the emotion. think about the emotion behind the gesture or gift, and try to reflect it in your message. if someone gives you something small, a short, simple thank-you may be enough. but, if someone really went above and beyond for you, a phrase like i can’t even begin to tell you how much it means will really help to convey the gratitude you feel. how do i even begin to thank you… your kindness and caring mean so much to me. you always know the perfect thing to do to make me feel special. wrap it up. it’s a nice touch to end your card with a message about the sender rather than a gift. try thanking them for thinking of you, or mention looking forward to seeing them again soon. thank you again for thinking of me. it means so much to have you in my life. be timely. etiquette experts agree you have up to a year to write wedding thank-yous, but best practice is to try to get any thank-you sent within a month. a christmas thank-you in june just doesn’t feel like you made it a priority. this is one of my own personal challenges, and my rule of thumb is that’s it’s always better to send the thank-you. even a belated one. a much-belated thank-you for your thoughtful birthday gift. i absolutely love… i don’t know about you, but i just inspired myself to send off a couple tonight. in this fast-paced world we live in, a handwritten thank-you stands out. it’s the kind of mail people love to receive.   it says that you took the time to reflect on someone’s thoughtfulness, the influence they’ve had, or what someone continues to do for you. the most important thing really isn’t finding the perfectly crafted phrase to write — it’s that what you do write comes from your heart. whom do you plan to thank today? post it in here in the comments! and if you want to take the next step in thanking someone, don’t forget check out american greetings’#thanklist movement. – jessica jessica l. dolce’s love of greeting cards started early — she created her own card line as a child, complete with a logo and rhyming verse! these days she’s a writer, editor, hiking enthusiast, home renovator, wife, and doting mama to the world’s most adorable toddler. filed under: thank you, thanklist, what to write tagged with: thank you note, thank-you card, what to write, what to write in a thank you notevintage new years cards december 26 by american greetings leave a comment a brand new year is upon us, and we’re all in the groove of, “new year, new you!” we’re clearing the clutter, hitting the gym, and starting out fresh. but it’s hard to dive into a new year without reminiscing about the year’s past (“auld acquaintances,” and all). we always wonder […] continue reading » filed under: new year's tagged with: vintage new years cardsfree christmas printable december 23 by american greetings leave a comment need a last minute gift or display item? we’ve heard from a lot of our fans that they loved our chalkboard look for the holidays, so we decided to make it into a free printable that you can give or display!  enjoy! to download this free printable, click here! […] continue reading » filed under: christmas tagged with: christmas printable, christmas quotea holiday letter from bonnie marcus–and a giveaway! december 22 by american greetings leave a comment as a designer, business owner, and mommy of three, i live amongst the fabulous chaos that most of us call “everyday life.” from business meetings and work deadlines to school activities, playdates, volunteering, and sports activities, there is always too much to do and too little time to get […] continue reading » filed under: uncategorized vintage christmas cards december 22 by american greetings leave a comment we think it’s safely fair to say that no holiday makes us travel down memory lane more than christmas. as we unpack old ornaments and dig out those flour-caked recipe cards tucked in worn cookbooks, we are loving the fact that we have these tried-and-true gems of eras gone […] continue reading » filed under: christmas tagged with: vintage christmas cardschristmas decoration ideas december 20 by american greetings leave a comment …that are simple, cute and fun! there are years when you have the time, energy, and resources to go all out and decorate for christmas in the grandest of fashion…  and there are years when time, energy, and/or resources might be in short supply. which doesn’t necessarily mean you don’t […] continue reading » filed under: christmas, crafting, diy tagged with: christmas decorationsfree printable christmas cookie recipe – easy, no bake! december 15 by american greetings leave a comment with christmas right around the corner, there’s still so much left to do…and so little time to do it. hang the lights. decorate the tree. wrap the gifts. write the cards. and bake the cookies! ahhh, the cookies! after all, what’s christmas without cookies?! of course, you probably have a favorite […] continue reading » filed under: christmas, recipes tagged with: christmas cookie recipe, christmas cookies, recipeschristmas cards for safyre december 9 by american greetings leave a comment **thank you to everyone who helped us to make safyre’s christmas wish come true. since last wednesday, we received more than 19,000 submissions for christmas cards for safyre. we knew our fans were amazing, compassionate people… but this has been incredible. on your behalf, we hand-selected and signed your […] continue reading » filed under: christmas tagged with: christmas cards for safyremake christmas count: a gift guide to giving back december 9 by american greetings leave a comment the holiday season is about family, friends and gratitude for the wonderful people and things in our lives. while thoughtful gifts from the heart are always appreciated, this year, consider giving loved ones gifts that give back and that can be shared with others. in this guide, you’ll find charitable […] continue reading » filed under: christmas happy thanksgiving! november 25 by american greetings leave a comment with tens of millions of people hitting the roads, railways and sky this week to be with their loved ones, the nostalgia-tinged ecard “home for thanksgiving,” is a certainly a fitting way to send a holiday hello. even though today, it’s planes and fast moving cars that carry us home, […] continue reading » filed under: thanksgiving vintage thanksgiving cards november 19 by american greetings leave a comment as the thanksgiving holiday gets closer and we swap favorite recipes for stuffing and pie, our thoughts are full of family, friends, and feelings of gratitude. as part of your preparations, you may have already picked out a few thanksgiving cards to connect with loved ones far and wide. […] continue reading » filed under: thanksgiving tagged with: thanksgiving cards, vintage thanksgiving cardswhat to write in a thanksgiving card november 17 by american greetings leave a comment between the festivities of halloween and christmas, thanksgiving can sometimes feel like an afterthought. so often, the real meaning of the holiday gets lost in the rush of cheering for football games — and the challenge to determine once and for all just exactly how much turkey (and stuffing, […] continue reading » filed under: thanksgiving, what to write gratitude and giving back november 9 by american greetings leave a comment gratitude is never more top-of-mind than during the holiday season, but are we actually expressing it? while an attitude of gratitude is often difficult to muster up amid the holiday stress, #thanklist from american greetings remedies that by providing a quick and easy, but very impactful, way to connect […] continue reading » filed under: thanklist tagged with: thanklist, thanksgiving, united waythrowback thursday: vintage halloween cards october 29 by american greetings leave a comment what’s old is new again, especially when it comes to celebrating halloween. as people deck out their houses with cobwebs, witches and pumpkins, you may notice some of the classic designs and ideas from days of yore resurfacing—and they couldn’t be cooler. there are entire websites dedicated to vintage […] continue reading » filed under: uncategorized creating fun new halloween traditions in your neighborhood october 26 by american greetings leave a comment if you celebrated halloween growing up, no doubt one of your favorite memories is of trick-or-treating with your friends. hot masks you could barely see through weren’t even a care as you trampled from house to house to see if the neighbors could recognize you. screams of excitement and […] continue reading » filed under: halloween tagged with: halloween, halloween party ideas, halloween traditions1 2 3 … 33 next page» most recent pins archives december 2015 november 2015 october 2015 september 2015 august 2015 july 2015 june 2015 may 2015 april 2015 march 2015 new on instagram copyright © 2016 · ag-blog-d-child-7-3 on genesis framework · wordpress · log in