来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211229081221/https://www.americangreetings.com/terms-of-service
================================================================================

terms of service - american greetings skip to navigation skip to content search search sign in sign in email address password forgot your password? remember me every time i visit become a member learn more about members benefits start free trial! member benefits my reminders my reminders today is january 25 upcoming holidays chinese new year feb 1 groundhog day feb 2 valentine's day feb 14 st. patrick's day mar 17 april fools day apr 1 easter apr 17 upcoming birthdays sign in to view your birthday reminders. sign in close 0 items in your shopping cart. cart summary × you have no items in your cart. if you already have an account, sign in to see your cart. view cart and checkout sign in close and continue shopping ecards show ecards menu ∨ occasion anniversary baby birthday belated birthday congrats encouragement friendship get well goodbye & good luck graduation love miss you retirement sorry sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding & engagement holiday chinese new year valentine's day celebrate the date browse all holidays featured smashups™ talking smashups™ selfie smashups™ funny ecards christian & religious ecards brighten someone's day gift cards printables show printables menu ∨ occasion anniversary baby birthday congrats encouragement friendship get well goodbye & good luck graduation love miss you retirement sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding & engagement featured add-a-photo cards cards for her cards for him cards for kids pet printables cards for anyone cards for co-worker funny birthday cards holiday valentine's day browse all holidays gift cards shop show shop menu ∨ paper cards greeting cards greeting card bundles stationery sets & note cards boxed cards invites & thank you's shop all cards party supplies decorations hats & accessories invites & thank you's party favors stickers tableware treat bags shop all party supplies gift wrap wrapping paper gift bags tissue paper bows & ribbon shirt gift boxes gift tags glitter tape shop all gift wrap gifts accessories barware candles drinkware journals & notebooks ornaments plush trinkets & keepsakes picture frames shop all gifts collections show collections menu ∨ our brands paper rebel present company kathy davis smashups talking smashups selfie smashups tv/movies disney paw patrol stranger things the big bang theory wonder woman celebrities christina aguilera alicia keys marlee matlin dolly parton donny osmond kevin nealon lady a michael bolton shaquille o'neal smokey robinson william shatner holidays & occasions show holidays & occasions menu ∨ occasion anniversary baby shower birthday graduation thank you wedding and engagement holiday valentine's day easter mother's day father's day halloween thanksgiving christmas apps show apps menu ∨ justwink smashups creatacard artists close × please upgrade your browser older browsers can cause your experience to be slow and error-prone. please upgrade or visit our site on another browser. learn more(opens in a new tab) if you chose to learn more, you will be taken to a website not affiliated with american greetings. no thanks, not now. cookies contact us faqs terms of service privacy policy terms of service effective date: november 19, 2018 updated: june 18, 2020 the following is the terms of service and user agreement ("agreement") between american greetings corporation on behalf of itself and its affiliates, with offices at one american boulevard, cleveland, ohio 44145 ("ag," "we," "us," or "our") and "you", the user. this agreement applies to the american greetings' websites (including, without limitation, americangreetings.com and bluemountain.com, ) and related mobile applications, including without limitation,  just wink and smashups apps (any, an "app") that post this agreement, and any available interactive features, downloads, applications/apps, widgets or other outlets that post or include a link to this agreement (collectively, the "ag platforms"). this agreement applies to your use of the digital content available through ag platforms, regardless of whether accessed via computer, mobile device or otherwise. to use the digital content available through the ag platforms, you will need a device that meets the system and compatibility requirements for the relevant products and services, which may change from time to time, and such system requirements are your responsibility. by accessing, browsing, and/or using the ag platforms (including purchasing any products and services), you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, as well as our privacy policy and further agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. there may be times when we offer a service or feature that has its own written terms and conditions that apply in addition to this agreement ("additional terms"). in those cases, the additional terms will control to the extent there is a conflict with this agreement, unless the additional terms state otherwise. if you access one of our apps on or through a third party platform, such as apple's app store, google play and other third party platforms (any, an "app platform"), you and ag acknowledge that (a) you enter into this agreement with ag only, and not with the app platform, (b) the app platform is not a party to this agreement, and (c) ag, not the app platform, is responsible for the app. arbitration notice: except for certain types of disputes described in the "governing law; dispute resolutions; and mandatory arbitration" sections below, you agree that all disputes between you and ag with regard to this agreement and your use of the platforms will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration, and you waive your right to participate in a class action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration. the terms of this agreement contain warranty disclaimers and other provisions that limit our potential liability to you. please read this agreement in its entirety. if you do not agree to the terms of this agreement, please do not use any of the ag platforms. table of contents eligibility ownership of materials/licenses social distribution using your own content mobile features acceptable use policy copyright information digital millennium copyright act notices trademarks and other intellectual property spam and other technical restrictions social features third-party links, advertisements and products sweepstakes, contests and promotions purchase of products and services subscriptions cancellation process auto-renewal program gift cards personal account payment of fees and charges methods of payment photos, videos & other media limitations widgets disclaimer of warranties limitation of liability/waiver indemnification international use termination and enforcement by ag governing law and dispute resolution mandatory arbitration updates to this agreement privacy policy assignment third-party beneficiary no waiver contact information notice for california users entire agreement eligibility by using the ag platforms, you warrant and represent that (a) you are 18 years of age or older or the age of majority in the jurisdiction where you reside; or (b) that your parent or legal guardian has reviewed this agreement and agrees to its terms. if you (or your parent or legal guardian) do not agree to the terms of this agreement, you must immediately discontinue use of the ag platforms and uninstall any apps that you have installed from the app platform. you further warrant and represent that all information you provide to us when you use the ag platforms is and will remain complete and accurate. back to top ownership of materials; licenses the ag platforms include all materials that are included in or are otherwise a part of the ag platforms (including past, present and future versions of the ag platforms), including, without limitation: graphics; layout; text; instructions; images; trademarks; logos; service marks; audio; videos; designs; ringtones; wallpapers; games; contests and sweepstakes; voting; technology; applications; artwork; information; data; designs; compilation; advertising copy; domain names; any and all copyrightable material (including source and object code); the "look and feel" of the ag platforms; the compilation, assembly and arrangement of the materials of the ag platforms; and all other materials related to the ag platforms (collectively, "materials"). subject to your strict compliance with this agreement and any additional terms, ag hereby grants to you a limited, personal, revocable, noncommercial, nonexclusive, non-assignable, and nontransferable license to access and view the materials (excluding source and object code, other than as made available to access and use via standard web browsers to enable display on your device); and, if you use one of our apps on an app platform, to use the app as permitted by the usage rules set forth in the app platform's terms of service. no other use of the ag platforms or materials is authorized. the products, technology, or processes described or used on the ag platforms may be the subject of intellectual property rights owned or licensed by ag or other third-parties. except for the limited license granted above, nothing contained in this agreement or anywhere else on the ag platforms confers to you in any manner, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license, title, or ownership of or to any intellectual property right of ag or any third-party. ag reserves all rights not expressly granted by this agreement. when you use the ag platforms, you must: (a) keep intact all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices; (b) make no modifications to the ag platforms or materials; and (c) not copy or adapt any object code associated with the ag platforms, reverse engineer, modify or attempt to discover any source code associated with the ag platforms (nor allow or assist any third-party to do so). you agree that you will not sell, resell, copy, transfer, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, create derivative works of, or allow third-party access to the ag platforms, that you will not use, post, transmit, or introduce any device, software, or routine which interferes or attempts to interfere with the operation of the ag platforms, and that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the ag platforms. you will use the ag platforms solely for your own personal use and will not make the ag platforms available to any third-party for any reason. you further agree that you will not, including by use of any robot, scraper, or other data mining technology or process, frame, mask, extract data or other materials from, copy or distribute any portion of the ag platforms (except as may be a result of standard search engine or internet browser usage). back to top social distribution ag grants you the limited, revocable permission, subject to the restrictions in this agreement, to engage in the following personal uses of materials that include the ability to share materials with others ("social distribution"): (a) sending materials to friends or acquaintances or posting and displaying a copy of materials on a personal, non-commercial website, provided that you do not charge for access to the materials or associate those materials with advertising; or (b) posting and displaying a copy of the materials on a third-party website that permits users to post content, so long as the posting is allowed pursuant to the third-party website's terms and conditions and policies, and provided that the third-party website does not charge for access to those materials or associate those materials with products, services or advertising. if you engage in social distribution, you agree that you will not post any performance claims about an ag product or service through your social distribution and that only ag may make claims, promises or statements on behalf of ag about its products and services. you also agree that you will not imply that you and ag or any ag brand are affiliated in any way or that ag approves of your social distribution. except as otherwise permitted by this agreement, you may not make any use of or license, distribute, reproduce, or otherwise exploit any part of the materials. ag may, and reserves the right to, revoke ag's permission for social distribution at any time and for any reason, and you agree to immediately cease social distribution upon notice of revocation and to comply with any terms we post in connection with the social distribution of materials. back to top using your own content ag may allow you to upload your own photos, videos, artwork, text and other materials ("user content") to the ag platforms. if we do and you do so, you are subject to the conditions outlined in this agreement. when you upload user content to the ag platforms, you are representing and warranting that you own the user content or have full rights to its use in accordance with this agreement. you are also representing and warranting that the user content you upload does not violate the acceptable use policy as discussed below. as a user of the ag platforms, you also represent and warrant in relation to the user content that: you have obtained the consent of any and all individuals mentioned or pictured in the user content; uploading the user content onto the ag platforms will not infringe the privacy of any individual or violate any applicable law; and uploading the user content onto the ag platforms and any subsequent publication of such user content does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third-party. you remain the owner of any user content you submit on the ag platforms, subject to the license you grant to ag through this agreement. you grant ag an unrestricted, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, assignable, transferable, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers), and royalty-free license (but not obligation) to host, use, copy, distribute, display, prepare derivative works of, perform, modify, translate, store or otherwise exploit all or any portion thereof for the creation, publication, use, and transmission of your user content, on or through any media, technology or device now known or hereafter developed. you agree that we may also use your user content in the course of performing testing, training and/or archiving of our and our affiliates' systems. you authorize ag to publish your user content in a searchable format that may be accessed by users of the ag platforms and the internet. except as prohibited by law, you waive any moral rights you may have in any user content you submit. you agree that ag has no obligation to monitor or enforce your intellectual property rights to your user content, but that ag has the right to protect and enforce its and its licensees' rights to your user content. you further acknowledge and agree that ag will not have any obligation to you with regard to user content, including but not limited to any errors contained within user content, and that ag may or may not monitor, display or accept your user content and may delete it at any time. except as otherwise expressly described in our privacy policy or any applicable additional terms, your user content will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. ag will not be liable for any use or disclosure of your user content to anyone, including but not limited to claimed intellectual property owners. back to top mobile features the ag platforms may offer features and services that are available to you via your mobile phone or other mobile device. these features and services may include, without limitation, the ability to upload user content to the ag platforms, receive messages (e.g., sms and mms messages, in-app messages, and on-device notifications) from the ag platforms, download applications to your mobile phone or device, or access ag platforms features (collectively, the "mobile features"). we may charge you for mobile features. also, standard messaging, data and other fees may be charged by your carrier. fees and charges will appear on your mobile bill or be deducted from your pre-paid balance. your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain mobile features and certain mobile features may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. contact your carrier with questions regarding these issues. if you have registered for mobile features, you agree that we may send communications to your mobile device regarding ag, or other parties, and collect information related to your use of the mobile features. you agree to notify us of any changes to your mobile number and update your account(s) on the ag platforms to reflect any such changes. if you receive sms or mms messages from ag or one of the platforms, you may opt-out of such messages by texting "stop" to the applicable short code for the mobile feature. you may also text "help" or contact us for support. in addition to the other restrictions and limitations contained in this agreement, ag is not responsible for failures in the performance of mobile features, including but not limited to, the delivery of electronic messages or cards via the mobile features as a result of any technical issues. for example, ag is not responsible if your electronic message or card is not delivered because: the recipient declines delivery; the recipient uses an unsupported carrier; the recipient's mobile device or computer cannot display video messages; the recipient's plan does not provide for video messaging; the recipient's carrier is unable to deliver messages to the recipient; the recipient's network connection is interrupted during message delivery; or either your or the recipient's carrier does not support video messaging. there may be other reasons for a delivery failure as well. ag does not provide refunds for electronic messages or cards that are not delivered due to technical issues for which ag is not responsible. if you sign up to receive promotional or marketing text messages (including sms and mms messages) from us, you acknowledge and agree that we may send such messages using an autodialer to the number you provide. you acknowledge and agree that you are not required to receive our text messages, and that you are not required to agree to receive text messages as a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. if ag provides functionality for you to send an ecard via text message (including through the use of sms and mms technologies) and you send such a text message, you represent and warrant that you have the consent of the recipient to send that text message. you further acknowledge and agree that, as between you and ag, you are the sender of such an ecard and ag acts merely as a delivery agent. back to top acceptable use policy ag has adopted the following acceptable use policy in order to ensure that the ag platforms are used in a lawful and appropriate manner. while ag does not ordinarily monitor your use of the ag platforms, it reserves the right to investigate reports of misuse of the ag platforms and its services, to protect ag's property and assets, and to otherwise exercise ag's traditional editorial functions. you are prohibited from transmitting the following to, on, or through the ag platforms: material or user content that you do not have the legal right to use, or that otherwise violates another person's intellectual property rights; harassing, abusive, or threatening messages or user content; obscene or pornographic messages, images, or user content; defamatory or libelous messages or user content; viruses or other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files; or illegal or fraudulent messages or user content, or that which promotes illegal or fraudulent conduct. you also may not use the ag platforms to: steal passwords or credit card information, nor attempt to do so; conceal or misrepresent the identity of the sender or uploader, nor attempt to do so; advertise or promote a product or service except those provided on the ag platforms (e.g., pyramid schemes and multi-level marketing schemes are prohibited); misrepresent yourself or impersonate any other person, user, or company; publicly share or disseminate any other person's personal information (including, without limitation, address, phone number, email address, credit card number, or any other information that may be used to track, contact, or impersonate that individual); or damage the ag platforms or anyone's computer. in addition, if you use one of our apps on an app platform, you acknowledge and agree that your use of the app is also subject to the app platform's usage rules, and that you must also comply with any and all applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the app. you are solely responsible for your actions and communications undertaken or transmitted using the platforms and your account with ag. back to top copyright information all of the materials available on the ag platforms are subject to copyright or are used by us under license from the copyright holder. ag currently utilizes copyrighted materials from various individuals and entities. copyright notices for such material are set forth wherever such licensed material appears on the ag platforms. back to top digital millennium copyright act notices you may not use the platforms for any purpose or in any manner that infringes the rights of any third party. ag encourages you to report any content on the platforms that you believe infringes your rights. only the intellectual property rights owner or person authorized to act on behalf of the owner can report potentially infringing content. if you have a good faith belief that content on the platforms infringes your copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights, please follow the procedures set forth below. pursuant to title 17, united states code, section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to ag's designated agent (identified below). the following information is provided exclusively for notifying the service provider referenced below that your copyrighted material may have been infringed. all other inquiries (e.g., requests for technical assistance or customer service, reports of email abuse, and piracy reports), will not receive a response through this process. written notification must be submitted via our online form or to the designated agent: c/o legal department (dmca notices) ag interactive, inc. one american boulevard cleveland, ohio 44145 telephone: 1-216-252-7300 legal@americangreetings.com to be effective, pursuant to title 17, united states code, section 512(c)(3)(a), any copyright infringement notification must include all of the following: an electronic or physical signature of the owner or of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, and a description of the infringing activity including of where the material which you claim is infringing is located on the ag platforms sufficient to allow us to locate the material; identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists, for example the url of the website where it is posted or the name of the book in which it has been published, your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; a statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you made and signed under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. it is often difficult to determine if your intellectual property rights have been violated or if the dmca requirements have been met. we may request additional information before we remove any infringing material. if a dispute develops as to the correct owner of the rights in question, we reserve the right to remove your content along with that of the alleged infringer pending resolution of the matter. we may, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, disable or terminate the accounts of users who may be repeat infringers. counter-notice: if you believe that user content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the material in your user content, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to the designated agent: your physical or electronic signature; identification of the user content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the user content appeared before it was removed or disabled; a statement that you have a good faith belief that the user content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the user content; and your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal courts located in ohio, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. if a counter-notice is received by the designated agent, ag may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that ag may restore the removed user content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the user content provider, the removed user content may be restored in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at ag's sole discretion. back to top trademarks and other intellectual property use of any ag trademarks as meta-tags for search engines, as keywords to trigger sponsored advertising, or in any other manner not expressly authorized by ag, is strictly prohibited. if you believe that any content on a ag platform violates your exclusive rights other than copyrights, please provide ag at least the following information: (a) your physical or electronic signature; (b) identification of the material that you claim is infringing your exclusive rights and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (c) an explanation of the exclusive rights that you own/have and why the you believe the content infringes those rights that is sufficient for us to evaluate your complaint; and (d) your accurate contact information. please submit your complaint to legal@americangreetings.com. in the event of any third-party claim that one of our apps available on an app platform or your possession of an app available on an app platform infringes on a third-party's intellectual property rights, as between ag and the app platform, ag will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim. back to top spam and other technical restrictions you may not use the ag platforms to send electronic messages, cards, or other content to mailing lists or to any person to which you do not have full rights or to send unsolicited bulk or commercial messages. in addition, the use of automated scripting-type programs that automate the process of sending or viewing any of the materials is strictly prohibited. ag reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion and without prior notice to you, the number of electronic messages or cards or the amount of other content that you may send using the ag platforms or the number of recipients to whom you send such cards, messages, or other content. you are solely responsible for your actions and communications undertaken or transmitted using the ag platforms and your account with ag. neither we nor our affiliates exercise editorial control over your transmissions; however, we do reserve the right to review your uploaded user content and transmissions in order to ensure compliance with this agreement. back to top social features you may choose, at your sole and absolute discretion and risk, to use applications or other functionality that enable interactions between the ag platforms and a third-party website or online service (each, an "application"), such as linking your profile on any of the ag platforms with a third-party website or enabling you to "like" a product or "share" content on other websites. such applications may interact with, connect to or gather and/or pull information from and to your profile on the ag platforms. by using such applications, you acknowledge and agree to the following: (i) if you use an application to share information relating to your ag platform accounts, you are consenting to the information about your account being shared; (ii) your use of an application may cause personally identifying information to be publicly disclosed and/or associated with you, even if ag has not provided such information; and (iii) your use of an application is at your own option and risk, and you will hold ag harmless for the sharing of information relating to your ag platform accounts that results from your use of an application. you must read all log-in boxes and other pop-up boxes closely for notices about sharing your account information with, through or by any other means identified on an application. back to top third-party links, advertisements and products ag may feature on the ag platforms, in its newsletters, or in other communications to you, links to third-party websites, social media platforms, or other services. these may appear in the form of text links, advertisements, banners, buttons, integrated gift services, digital cash, digital gift certificates, or otherwise. accordingly, you expressly acknowledge and agree that we are in no way affiliated with such third-party sites or otherwise responsible or liable for your use of any such third-party sites or online features. your use of such services is subject to the terms and conditions established by such third-parties. the information, content, and products (including goods and services) available through any third-party links (collectively, "third-party products") are offered by independent entities, which are not affiliated in any way with ag. you expressly acknowledge and agree that ag is not responsible or liable to you in any way for your use of third-party sites or your purchase of third-party products. your correspondence and business dealings with third-parties found through the ag platforms, including, without limitation, the payment and delivery of products and services, including (if applicable) in-app purchases, gift cards and any terms, conditions, warranties, and representations associated with any such dealings, are solely between you and the third-party and ag is not in any way responsible for your use. ag will not reimburse or indemnify you for any losses you may incur as a result of transactions with any third-party. there may be circumstances where access to the ag platforms is provided by a link located at another website. neither ag nor its affiliates makes any representations or give any warranties with respect to any information contained in or at these other sites and neither ag nor its affiliates shall be liable for any damages or injury arising from the content of these other sites. neither ag nor its affiliates endorses the individuals, companies, or other similar entities, or any products, services or materials associated with such individuals, companies, or other similar entities, that provide a link to the ag platforms. back to top sweepstakes, contests & promotions the ag platforms may contain or offer sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions, which may be governed by a separate set of official rules and have eligibility requirements, such as certain age or geographic area restrictions. it is your responsibility to read the applicable rules to determine whether your participation, registration or entry will be valid or restricted and to determine the sponsor's requirements of you in connection with the applicable sweepstakes, contest, or promotion. back to top purchase of products and services some of the features of the ag platforms, including the purchase of electronic and paper cards, digital products, services, memberships and subscriptions (collectively, "products and services"), and the delivery thereof, will require you to pay a fee. you agree to pay those amounts shown to you during the checkout or similar process. the delivery of any products and services to you does not transfer any commercial or promotional rights in the products and services. you may not resell, rent, lease or provide the products or services to any person and you shall not modify, publish, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, or create new works from, any of the products and services in whole or in part. you are specifically prohibited from using any of the products and services to send commercial advertising or mass mailings of any kind. ag may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the product and services without notice or liability. once you download a digital product from the ag platform, it is your responsibility not to lose, destroy or damage it. title and risk of loss for any physical product purchases pass to you upon our delivery to our carrier. when you place an order, we will not charge you until we ship the items ordered. we reserve the right to ship partial orders (at no additional cost to you), and the portion of any order that is partially shipped may be charged at the time of shipment. you understand that the products and services and content we provide on the ag platforms is subject to change at any time, and that products and services and content may be added or removed at ag's discretion. such changes may include, among other things: the addition or removal of content, products and services, the requirement that you pay to have access to certain content, products and services and content, products and services that you have previously paid for being made available at no charge. we make reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of our products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system, and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. the inclusion of any products or services on ag platforms at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. if you choose to send content through the ag platforms on a per send basis, you may send the content you have purchased for 30 days. any subsequent sends, even of the same content, will require additional payment. there is no refund for per send content. it is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the possession, use and sale of any item purchased through our site. by placing an order, you represent that the products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner. we reserve the right, with or without prior notice, to limit the available quantity of or discontinue any product and service; to honor, or impose conditions on the honoring of, any coupon, coupon code, promotional code or other similar promotions; to bar any user from making any or all purchase(s); and/or to refuse to provide any user with any product and service. back to top subscriptions if you subscribe to become a member through the ag platform (a "subscription"), we will charge the applicable subscription fee (to the most recent payment method supplied in your personal account at the current website price). occasionally, we offer trial periods during which customers register for a subscription and enjoy many of the subscription benefits on a trial basis.  during a trial membership, certain content may be restricted or unavailable, and you will not have the ability to set up or send future ecards.  future send functionality is made available only to members as part of a paid subscription.   if you sign up for a trial period and cancel during the trial period, the payment information provided will not be billed. if you do not cancel during the trial period we will automatically charge the applicable subscription fee to the most recent payment method that you have supplied. if you redeem a promotional code or gift code for a subscription, you may be required to provide payment information (such as a credit card number) to access the membership benefits for the length of the term applicable to the promotional or gift subscription. similar to a trial membership, during the term of the applicable free promotional or gift subscription, the payment information provided will not be billed.  once the term of the applicable promotional or gift subscription expires or terminates and you decide that you want to continue your membership and subscription, the applicable subscription fee will be charged to the payment information that you have supplied or are asked to supply at that time.   please note that there are certain promotional and gift subscriptions that do not require you to enter in your payment information.  in such instances,  if you choose to remain a member past the applicable term for a gift or promotional subscription, you will be required to provide payment information  to maintain the applicable subscription and membership benefits. back to top cancellation process you may cancel your membership and request a refund only within thirty (30) days after your payment has been processed. a membership may be cancelled for the upcoming month, but refunds will not be given for prior months. instructions for requesting a cancellation can be found under, help center. back to top auto-renewal program annual or 2-year subscriptions will automatically be renewed at the end of the subscription term unless: (1) you cancel your renewal during your subscription period; or (2) you request a cancellation within 30 days after your renewal payment has been processed. monthly subscriptions can be cancelled for the upcoming month, but no refund will be given for prior months. instructions for requesting a cancellation can be found under, help center. back to top gift cards gift cards ("gift cards"), are issued by a third-party and any unused balances are not redeemable for cash and cannot be returned for a cash refund (except as required by law), exchanged, resold, or used to purchase gift cards. unused balances are not transferable. gift cards may be redeemed through the ag platform only in the united states, its territories and possessions. the gift card value is 1/10 of one cent. ag is not responsible if a gift card is lost, stolen, destroyed or used without your permission. risk of loss and title for a gift card pass to the purchaser upon the electronic transmission to the purchaser, recipient or delivery to the carrier, whichever is applicable. back to top personal account if you purchase any products or services on the ag platform you will be required to register and set up a personal account ("personal account"). you are responsible for the accuracy of the information included in your personal account. your personal account will be protected in accordance with our privacy policy. you are responsible for: (1) keeping your personal account up to date and updating information as necessary; and (2) maintaining the confidentiality of your personal account including all registration information and any passwords assigned to you. you agree to accept responsibility for all activity that occurs on your personal account. you may not: (1) use an account of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (2) use an account to which another person has rights without such person's authorization. failure to comply with the foregoing shall constitute a breach of this agreement, which may result in immediate termination of your personal account. you are responsible for all usage or activity on your personal account, including the use of the account by any third-party authorized by you to use your password. any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your personal account and any subscription(s), in our sole discretion. ag reserves the right to disclose any personal information included in your personal account or related to your use of the ag platforms, products and services, to third-parties in the course of investigating abuse of our products and services and to forward such information to appropriate law enforcement agencies. you must notify ag of any known or suspected unauthorized use of your personal account, or any known or suspected breach of security, including loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of your password or credit card information. if you are under the age of 18, you may only purchase products or services with the permission of a parent or guardian. ag reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or cancel orders in its sole discretion. ag reserves the right to terminate your personal account for violation of any of these rules. back to top payment of fees and charges you agree that you will pay all fees and charges that may be accrued by or in connection with your personal account at the rates in effect for the billing period in which such fees and charges are incurred. ag reserves the right in its sole discretion to bill fees and charges to any of the payment methods you have included in your personal account. all information that you provide to us or our third-party payment processor must be accurate, current and complete. you represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or other payment means used to initiate any transaction. billing occurs at the time of purchase. rates may change at any time. verification of information applicable to a purchase may be required prior to our acceptance of any order. ag does not provide price protection or refunds if the price for particular products or services previously purchased by you is lowered or is part of a promotional offer. all products or services purchased on a non-subscription basis (individual downloads, shipped products, paper cards, per send ipad content, etc.) or promotional offerings are final and non-refundable. for information about refunds on a subscription, refer to the section titled, "subscriptions". all purchases include applicable sales taxes in effect at the time of purchase and will be based on the bill-to address provided in the personal account. no customers are eligible for tax exemptions for purchases made on this site. back to top methods of payment if you purchase products and services, you must provide a method of payment to ag, such as a credit card account number or a checking account number.  ag will charge or debit the then-current subscription price to your method of payment.  if you have purchased a subscription, ag will automatically renew your subscription and charge your method of payment at the end of the applicable term for the then-current subscription fee in accordance with our auto-renewal program as stated in this agreement. ag charges a separate service fee for payments made by a checking account (to offset the cost of this payment method). any service fee charges are non-refundable. in no event will ag be liable for any nsf or other bank fees resulting directly or indirectly from any debits to your checking account. certain products and services can be purchased through premium sms billing. these charges are processed by your mobile phone carrier, and third-parties designated by your carrier. the charges will appear on your mobile phone bill during the next billing cycle after your purchase. purchases made by premium sms are final and non-refundable, even in the event of technical incompatibility or non-functionality of the content. questions or problems relating to premium sms billing should be addressed to your mobile phone carrier. if you purchase an app, music, or other content through an app platform, the app platform will process your payment, subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. for such purchases, we do not receive your credit or debit card data or other payment account details. we may share information with the app store about your purchase and download of the app, music or other content for the purposes of confirming your purchase and successful download, resolving your questions or complaints, or authorizing a refund. back to top photos, videos & other media limitations the ag platforms may not be used as a media storage service. we will not store photos, videos or other media for longer than 13 months (and in our sole discretion and without liability, we may remove photos before thirteen months). we cannot guarantee the availability of media storage, or of the quality or resolution of any media saved on the ag platforms. additionally, we may reduce the size or resolution of any media you submit on the ag platforms in order to make them compatible with our systems and processes. for more information about our practices with regard to media storage, see the faq section on our website. back to top widgets the ag platforms may provide certain content that you may choose to include on your personal web page, blog, page on a social networking site, or similar page ("personal page") by pasting into your personal page the html or other code provided by ag and labeled as embed code (or a similar identifying label) ("widget"). ag grants you a limited, revocable license, subject to the restrictions in this agreement, to include the widget, as provided by ag (without editing) on your personal page only. you agree that you will not include or otherwise make available a widget on a web page or website containing content that is distasteful, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable (in ag's sole opinion). as described in the "disclaimer of warranties" section of this agreement, ag makes no specific warranties about widgets. ag may discontinue providing the services necessary for the widgets to operate at any time for any reason without any liability to you. in addition, ag may disable widgets that you include on any personal page if you violate this agreement (as determined by ag in its sole discretion) or for any or no reason, without any liability to you. you agree that ag's license grant to you to use a widget on your personal page does not provide you with any intellectual property rights, including copyrights, in the materials made available via any widget. you agree to not sell, lease, hypothecate, transfer, license, distribute, reproduce, encumber or otherwise exploit the content made available in a widget, in whole or in part, without the express written consent of ag. you agree to include, and not remove or alter, ag's trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights notices, as provided by ag on the widget. you also agree to not use (or attempt to use) the widget to display content other than the content provided or intended by ag to be displayed via a particular widget. except as expressly stated otherwise, the widget and any and all content provided through the widget are subject to this agreement in their entirety. back to top disclaimer of warranties the ag platforms (including, without limitation, the materials, information, links, messages, products or services provided on the ag platforms, widgets, mobile features, social distribution, and widgets) are provided on an "as is," "as available," and "with all faults" basis, without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, title, custom, trade, quiet enjoyment, system integration and freedom from computer virus. applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. without limiting the foregoing, ag and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and their respective officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, suppliers, vendors, content providers, licensors, licensees, and other representatives (each an "ag party" and, collectively, the "ag parties") do not warrant that your use of the ag platforms will be error-free, timely, uninterrupted, or secure; that defects or errors will be corrected; or that the ag platforms or the server that makes the ag platforms available is free from any harmful components, including, without limitation, viruses. the ag parties do not make any representations or warranties that the information on the ag platforms is accurate, complete, or useful. you acknowledge that your use of the ag platforms is at your sole risk. you assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the ag platforms and your reliance thereon. no opinion, advice, or statement of any ag party, whether made on the ag platforms, or otherwise, shall create any warranty not expressly stated herein. you understand that by using the ag platforms you act at your own risk, and you represent and warrant that your activities are lawful in the jurisdiction(s) where you access or use the ag platforms. the ag parties neither endorse nor are responsible for any opinion, advice, information, statement, or user content made or displayed on the ag platforms by third-parties (including any user of the ag platforms) and specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability to any person or entity for any loss, damage (whether actual, consequential, punitive or otherwise), injury, claim, liability or other cause of any kind or character based upon or resulting from such content obtained on or through the ag platforms. please remember that it is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy and reliability of any opinion, advice, information or statement available on the ag platforms. a possibility exists that the ag platforms could include inaccuracies or errors. additionally, a possibility exists that unauthorized alterations could be made to the ag platforms by third-parties. although we attempt to ensure the integrity of the ag platforms, the ag parties make no guarantees as to the completeness or correctness of the ag platforms. ag is also not responsible for any failure of electronic messages, cards, or other content reaching their intended recipients or to reach such recipients on the date specified by the sender. the materials available on the ag platforms are subject to change without notice. ag and you acknowledge that the app platform (if you are using one of our apps on an app platform) has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the app. if you are using one of our apps on an app platform, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these terms, and subject to these terms, ag and you acknowledge that as between the app platform and ag, ag is responsible for addressing any claims you may have relating to the app or your possession and/or use of the app, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the app fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. back to top limitation of liability; waiver under no circumstances shall the ag parties be liable to you for any loss or damages of any kind (including, without limitation, for any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive, exemplary and/or incidental damages) (including, but not limited to, lost profits or attorneys' fees) arising out of or in any way relating, directly or indirectly, to (a) the ag platforms (including, without limitation, all materials, widgets, mobile features, social distribution, applications, and information, products and services contained on or available on or through the ag platforms); (b) user content; (c) your use of, inability to use, or the performance of the ag platforms; (e) any action taken in connection with an investigation by the ag parties or law enforcement authorities regarding your use of the ag platforms; (f) any action taken in connection with copyright or other intellectual property matters; (g) any errors or omissions in the technical operation of the ag platforms; or (h) any damage to any user's computer, mobile device, hardware, software, or other equipment or technology including, without limitation, damage from any security breach or from any virus, bugs, tampering, fraud, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer line or network failure or any other technical or other malfunction, even if foreseeable or even if the ag parties have been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action of contract, negligence, strict liability or tort (including, without limitation, whether caused in whole or in part by negligence, acts of god, telecommunications failure, or destruction of the ag platforms). in no event will the ag parties be liable to you or anyone else for loss, damage or injury, including, without limitation, death or personal injury. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with any portion of the ag platforms is to stop using the ag platforms, and the sole and exclusive maximum aggregate liability of the ag parties for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise) shall be the greater of ten dollars ($10.00) or the total amount paid by you, if any, to access the ag platforms. you agree that in the event you incur any damages, losses or injuries that arise out of ag's acts or omissions, the damages, if any, caused to you are not irreparable or sufficient to entitle you to an injunction preventing any exploitation of the ag platforms or any ag web sites, mobile apps, property, product, service, or other ag platform content owned or controlled by the ag parties, and you will have no rights to enjoin or restrain the development, production, distribution, advertising, exhibition or exploitation of any ag platform, mobile app, property, product, service, or other site content owned or controlled by the ag parties. by accessing the ag platforms, you understand that you may be waiving rights with respect to claims that are at this time unknown or unsuspected, and in accordance with such waiver, you acknowledge that you have read and understand, and hereby expressly waive, the benefits of section 1542 of the civil code of california, and any similar law of any state or territory, which provides as follows: "a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." back to top indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold the ag parties harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs, investigations, liabilities, judgments, settlements and expenses, including attorneys' fees, that directly or indirectly arise from or are otherwise directly or indirectly related to: (a) your user content; (b) your use of the ag platforms or activities in connection with the ag platforms; (c) your breach or anticipatory breach of this agreement or any additional terms; (d) your violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances or orders of any governmental and quasi-governmental authorities, including, without limitation, all regulatory, administrative and legislative authorities; (e) information or material transmitted through your computer, even if not submitted by you, that infringes, violates or misappropriates any copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent, publicity, privacy or other right of any person or defames any person; (f) any misrepresentation made by you; or (g) the ag parties' use of your information as permitted under this agreement, the privacy policy, or any other written agreement between you and us. you will cooperate as fully required by the ag parties in the defense of any claim. notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this indemnification section, the ag parties reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and you will remain liable for the indemnification obligation. you will not in any event settle any claim without the express written consent of ag. back to top international use the information provided on or through the ag platforms themselves are not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. we control and operate the ag platforms from offices located in the united states and make no representations or warranties that the information, products or services available through the ag platforms are appropriate for use or access in other locations. anyone using the ag platforms from other locations does so on their own initiative and is responsible for compliance with united states' and local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content, if and to the extent such laws apply. we reserve the right to limit the availability of the ag platforms or any portion of the ag platforms, to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion, and to limit the quantities of any content, program, product, service or other feature that we provide. software related to or made available by the ag platforms may be subject to united states export controls. thus, no software from the ag platforms may be downloaded, exported or re-exported: (a) into a country that is subject to a u.s. government embargo, or that has been designated by the u.s. government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and (b) by or to any person listed on any u.s. government list of prohibited or restricted persons. by downloading any software related to the ag platforms, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of, any such country or on any such list. back to top termination and enforcement by ag in the event ag determines, in its sole discretion, that you have violated this agreement, ag will have the right to immediately terminate your account (with or without refund), suspend or block access to your use of the ag platforms, or block the sending, receiving or uploading of content from the ag platforms, or pursue any other remedies available to it under applicable law. ag also reserves the right to investigate suspected violations of this agreement. any violation of this agreement may be referred to law enforcement authorities. ag further reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any of the ag platforms with or without notice. you agree that ag will not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the ag platforms. any provision of this agreement, which by its terms, ought to survive, shall survive any termination of this agreement. back to top governing law and dispute resolution this agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of ohio without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. you agree that any action at law or in equity relating to the arbitration provision of this agreement or the excluded disputes will be filed only in the state or federal courts located in cuyahoga county, ohio and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. you will be responsible for compliance with all local laws of locations from which you access the ag platforms. a printed version of this agreement with respect to the site and of any notice given in electronic form is admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings. back to top mandatory arbitration except for disputes relating to the infringement of your or ag's intellectual property (such as trademarks, trade dress, copyright and patents) or where you or ag are seeking a preliminary injunction ("excluded disputes"), you agree that all disputes between you and ag (whether or not such dispute involves a third-party) with regard to this agreement, your use of the ag platforms, or any ag advertisement or promotion ("disputes"), will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration under the american arbitration association's rules for arbitration of consumer-related disputes. this agreement to arbitrate applies to all disputes (other than excluded disputes), whether based in contract, tort, statute, or any other legal or equitable theory. notwithstanding the foregoing agreement to arbitrate, you or ag may bring disputes in an appropriate small claims court so long as the relief requested falls within the jurisdiction of the small claims court. any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrators will not have authority to award punitive or exemplary damages. you and ag agree that any questions about the scope or enforceability of this arbitration provision will be decided by a court, not an arbitrator. judgment on the award rendered by an arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this agreement, ag will not amend the mandatory arbitration provision without your express consent. you and ag expressly agree that all arbitrations will be limited to individual, not representative claims. you expressly waive any ability to bring a class or representative action in arbitration or to seek relief on behalf of a class in arbitration. you also expressly waive any right to bring a class action in court or to participate or obtain benefits in class action someone else brings in court. you and ag acknowledge that this class action waiver is integral to this arbitration provision. if a court or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver is invalid or unenforceable, you and ag both agree that this arbitration provision will not apply and any dispute may be resolved in court. arbitration is a process to resolve disputes before a neutral person (an arbitrator) instead of having a trial in court with a judge or jury. therefore, by entering into this agreement, you are waiving your rights to trial by jury and you are waiving your rights to bring claims in court. you and ag agree that this agreement is subject to and governed by the federal arbitration act 9 u.s.c. section 1, et seq. and, where consistent, ohio law. arbitration shall be conducted by the american arbitration association ("aaa") pursuant to its commercial arbitration rules and consumer related disputes supplemental procedures. those rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling the aaa at 1-800-778-7879. a single arbitrator will decide our disputes. to initiate an arbitration, you must file a demand for arbitration with the aaa, following the aaa's rules and procedures set forth at www.adr.org. if you file an arbitration claim against ag, ag agrees to pay the aaa filing fee on your behalf. arbitration shall be held in the state in which you reside at the time you initiate the arbitration. you and ag agree that we will each be responsible for our own costs and attorney's fees in arbitration. the arbitrator's fees will be divided between us as set forth in the aaa's consumer related disputes supplemental procedures. if you are the prevailing party in the arbitration, ag agrees to pay you for any arbitrator fees you paid in the arbitration or to pay the arbitrator for any fees owed by you. if you prevail in the arbitration and are entitled to recover your attorney's fees or costs under an applicable statute or common law doctrine, then the arbitrator has authority to award you such fees and costs. ag agrees that it will not seek to recover its attorneys' fees and costs from you even if it prevails in the arbitration and is entitled to recover those fees and costs under an applicable statute or common law doctrine. back to top updates to this agreement except as explicitly stated, we reserve the right to modify or add to this agreement at any time without prior notice ("updated terms"). you agree that we may notify you of the updated terms by posting them on the ag platforms so that they are accessible via a link on the home page or within the app, and that your use of the ag platforms after we have posted the updated terms (or engaging in such other conduct as we may reasonably specify) constitutes your agreement to the updated terms. therefore, you should review this agreement before using the ag platforms. the updated terms will be effective as of the time of posting, or such later date as may be specified in the updated terms, and will apply to your use of the ag platforms from that point forward. back to top privacy policy the terms of our privacy policy can be found here: privacy policy. back to top assignment in our sole discretion, we may assign this agreement in whole or in part, without notice to you. you may not assign this agreement without our prior written consent. back to top third-party beneficiary if you use one of our apps on an app platform, you acknowledge and agree that the app platform is a third-party beneficiary of this agreement, and that, upon your entry into this agreement, the app platform will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this agreement against you as a third-party beneficiary. back to top no waiver the waiver by either party of any breach of this agreement will not be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach or any other covenant. all waivers must be in writing, and signed by the party waiving its rights. this agreement may be modified only by a written instrument executed by authorized representatives of you and ag. back to top contact information if you have any questions, complaints, or claims, you may contact ag at: ag customer support ag interactive, inc. one american boulevard cleveland, ohio 44145 telephone: 1-800-711-4474 email: legal@americangreetings.com back to top notice for california users this notice is for our california users: the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs may be contacted by mail at 1625 north market blvd., sacramento, ca 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. back to top entire agreement this agreement, along with any applicable written additional terms, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements, proposals, negotiations, representations or communications relating to the subject matter. both parties acknowledge that they have not been induced to enter into this agreement or additional terms by any representations or promises not specifically stated herein or in the written additional terms. back to top top categories ecards birthday ecards birthday cards greeting cards printable cards party supplies christmas ecards gift wrap gift cards resources inspiration find guest orders store locator(opens in a new tab) member benefits promotions shipping information product recalls ca supply chain act ca residents – privacy notice corporate news about us(opens in a new tab) careers(opens in a new tab) press room(opens in a new tab) email protection investor relations(opens in a new tab) online trust alliance roll(opens in a new tab) our friends bluemountain.com(opens in a new tab) justwink app(opens in a new tab) smashups™ app creatacard your email address has been successfully added. get 20% off your next order! enter code hello20 at checkout sign up & save 20% required * first name last name email * by clicking "sign up", you agree to receive emails from americangreetings.com and accept our terms of service, privacy policy and cookies policy. contact us faqs terms of service policies feedback(opens in a new tab) do not sell my info (opens in a new tab) (opens in a new tab) (opens in a new tab) (opens in a new tab) americangreetings.com is a service of american greetings corporation, copyright © 2022 agc,llc. all rights reserved.