来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241217195628/https://www.americangreetings.com/ecards
================================================================================

send digital ecards online | try for free | american greetings skip to content start your free trial member benefits reminders christmas ecards occasions birthday anniversary congrats get well goodbye and good luck friendship just because love miss you sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding browse all ecards holidays christmas (12/25) season's greetings hanukkah (12/25) kwanzaa (12/26) new year's (1/1) celebrate the date browse all holidays featured new! free funny games & quizzes heartfelt interactive religious christmas ecards to send holiday cheer in just a few clicks! smashups™ celebrities bing crosby kevin bacon lainey wilson martin short idina menzel dolly parton weird al donny osmond meghan trainor shaq kevin nealon browse all celebrities occasions birthday christmas anniversary congrats graduation friendship love thank you thinking of you categories type any name original smashups celebrity smashups talking smashups selfie smashups browse all smashups personalize your christmas cards with names, fun messages, and cute designs for a merry laugh! take a nostalgic trip back in time to hear the holiday classic, white christmas. creatacard™ occasions birthday anniversary baby congrats encouragement friendship get well goodbye & good luck graduation love miss you retirement sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding & engagement browse all creatacards holidays christmas (12/25) season's greetings hanukkah (12/25) kwanzaa (12/26) new year's (1/1) browse all holidays featured new! bing crosby collection sia christmas collection jelly roll collection add-a-photo animated español foil free glitter music create custom christmas digital greetings with envelopes, confetti, photos, videos, and personal messages. digital gifts new! paris advent calendar gift cards virgin experience gifts more digital gifts cameo songfinch gipht browse all digital gifts apps smashups™ app ag ecards app sign in sign in christmas ecards view all ecards birthday ecards occasions holidays featured smashups™ view all smashups celebrities birthday christmas original selfie talking type any name creatacard™ view all creatacards occasions holidays featured digital gifts paris advent calendar gift cards virgin experience gifts cameo songfinch gipht apps smashups™ app ag ecards app celebrities how it works calendar start your free trial birthday ecards browse all birthday birthday for anyone funny birthday heartfelt birthday birthday for her birthday for him birthday smashups™ occasions browse all ecards birthday anniversary baby belated birthday congrats encouragement friendship get well goodbye & good luck graduation just because love miss you retirement sorry sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding & engagement holidays browse all holidays christmas (12/25) season's greetings hanukkah (12/25) kwanzaa (12/26) new year's (1/1) celebrate the date featured new free funny games & quizzes heartfelt interactive religious celebrity smashups™ browse all celebrities bing crosby kevin bacon lainey wilson martin short idina menzel dolly parton weird al ross mathews donny osmond meghan trainor shaq christina aguilera william shatner alicia keys kevin nealon occasions browse all creatacards birthday anniversary baby congrats encouragement friendship get well goodbye & good luck graduation love miss you retirement sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding & engagement holidays browse all holidays christmas (12/25) season's greetings hanukkah (12/25) kwanzaa (12/26) new year's (1/1) featured new bing crosby collection sia christmas collection jelly roll collection add-a-photo animated español foil free glitter music filters clear all clear all occasions birthday497 anniversary68 thank you131 thinking of you137 congrats87 get well38 just because93 graduation23 retirement10 belated birthday14 back to school11 friendship87 baby30 love81 sorry15 good bye & good luck23 miss you43 wedding & engagement27 encouragement83 sympathy24 show more (+14) holidays christmas167 season's greetings55 hanukkah21 kwanzaa9 new year's41 chinese new year15 martin luther king jr. day6 black history month5 groundhog day4 valentine's day128 international women's day2 st. patrick's day50 april fools' day6 mardi gras5 passover20 easter87 ramadan5 eid4 earth day2 administrative professionals' day14 cinco de mayo5 nurses day12 teacher appreciation day2 mother's day123 memorial day18 father's day97 juneteenth11 pride month4 4th of july34 labor day14 show more (+24) tones funny732 heartfelt715 cute435 religious190 romantic93 inspirational68 recipients for anyone1915 for aunt15 for brother28 for co-worker46 for couples42 for daughter46 for family203 for father82 for friend86 for granddaughter30 for grandfather33 for grandmother30 for grandson15 for her174 for him103 for husband15 for kids85 for mother84 for nephew11 for niece14 for sister38 for son33 for sweetheart144 for teachers20 for wife10 lgbtq+6 show more (+20) themes celebrity25 original64 1st birthday6 16th birthday6 18th birthday6 21st birthday9 30th birthday8 40th birthday8 50th birthday10 60th birthday8 70th birthday7 80th birthday7 90th birthday6 100th birthday6 dogs158 pets223 cats67 show more (+11) collections smashups169 bing crosby1 kathy davis37 dolly parton19 astrology14 our voices10 features talking54 type any name19 music123 interactive68 add-a-photo37 game or quiz16 close filters show filters clear all browse all digital ecards ecards offer an effortless way to stay in touch! choose from thousands of electronic cards and customize your favorites in a matter of minutes. find digital ecards for every person and occasion, with famous songs, beautiful animation, uplifting quotes and all kinds of personalization. we put extra features into all our ecards, so sending and receiving them is always a joy. with smashups™, you can even give your virtual greeting star power by creating a one-of-a-kind, celebrity shout-out. when you can’t be there in person or need your wishes to get there fast, ecards make it easy to connect virtually from home or on your phone. sign up today and send unlimited free ecards with our 7-day trial offer! read more virtual birthday ecards view all birthday celebrate the remarkable day they were born with a card that goes next level. browse birthday ecards with video, animation, artwork, music and personalization you won’t find in any store! preview confetti cake smashup (personalize) preview deep sea birthday preview 'it's your thing' birthday smashup (personalize) preview happy bark-day to you (personalize) preview barbershop birthday purr-fect harmony preview 'jungle boogie' birthday smashup (personalize) christmas ecards view all christmas new preview a christmas special smashup (personalize) new preview jingle bell rock (famous song) new preview woodland nativity christmas new preview a festive chrismukkah! new preview bing crosby christmas smashup (personalize) new preview talking holiday squirrel (personalize) the jacquie lawson 2024 paris advent calendarsay “bonjour” to the 2024 paris digital advent calendar! this interactive countdown to christmas begins on december 1st, when you’ll unlock your first ornament and hidden treasure. explore the beautifully animated main scene, decorate a chic parisian apartment, play cozy games, savor french recipes and more. purchase your digital advent calendar today and download the app to enjoy it where you go. season's' greetings ecards view all season's' greetings new preview talking holiday squirrel (personalize) preview snowflake sparkle ecard preview get down birthday dance ecard (famous song) preview my favorite things holiday ecard (famous tune) preview sending joy ecard (add-a-photo) preview peace in our hearts and homes ecard thinking of you ecards view all thinking of you thinking of you ecards make staying connected so easy … and you don’t even need a reason to send one! whether they live across the miles or around the corner, share thinking of you cards electronically and stay in touch effortlessly. preview the simple pleasures preview thinking of you kathy davis ecard preview sending a smile your way ecard preview great big hug ecard preview just saying hay (punny song) preview special wish for you ecard smashups™ & celebrity shout-out ecards view all smashups™ smashups™ are fun, personalized digital greetings that call out your friends and family by their first name through the magic of video and animation. you never know who’s going to join the party next! preview whoomp! (there it is) birthday smashup preview lainey wilson 'smell like smoke' birthday smashup preview have a lovely day smashup (personalize) preview cone-grats to you! smashup preview idina menzel birthday smashup (personalize) preview martin short birthday smashup (personalize) thank you ecards view all thank you what better way to say, “how thoughtful of you!” than with a thank you ecard chosen and customized by you. it takes only minutes to send a one-of-a-kind thank you! preview with thanks (personalize name & message) preview thanks a whole bunch! smashup (personalize) preview thanks a bunch! preview walking on sunshine thank you ecard (famous song) preview simply the best thank you (famous song) preview to say thanks ecard funny ecards view all funny funny ecards are a fun and hilarious way to brighten anyone's day with a little laughter. from your favorite celebrities to funny animals to unforgettable videos, there’s a smile waiting in every greeting. preview shout (famous song) (personalize) preview good vibrations ecard (famous song) preview pirate dog video ecard (personalize lyrics) preview chariots of fire birthday ecard preview a bunch of birthday laughs! smashup (personalize) preview i'm so excited ecard (famous song) anniversary ecards view all anniversary for every anniversary and relationship, we have anniversary ecards to celebrate every amazing year together. preview warm anniversary wishes (personalize names) preview you sexy thing anniversary smashup preview so glad i found you anniversary preview that's amore song ecard preview anniversary celebration ecard (famous song) preview warmest anniversary wishes free ecards view all free not quite ready to commit? no problem! explore the fun of sharing joy with our selection of free ecards! perfect for any occasion, our ecards are easy to customize and send, making it simple to brighten someone’s day without any obligations. read more free preview talking christmas lights (personalize) free preview thankful for god's gifts ecard free preview holiday surprise ecard free preview christmas song surprise ecard free preview happy christmas birthday ecard free preview bone appetit ecard three great uses for american greetings digital ecardseasy sending right on the day of an important occasion or holiday. when a birthday or holiday comes and you are apart from your friend or loved one, it's easy and quick to send a custom ecard with the perfect message.keeping in touch. ecards are a fun and easy way to send a message to a friend or loved one that you want to reconnect with. send free online greeting cards with your no-risk trial.surprise and delight your friends and family. smashups™ let you create a personalized song just for them! customize their virtual birthday card for them today!how do you send an ecard?sending an ecard can be quick and easy! make sure you are signed in as a member or sign up as a new member with a 7 day free trial to get free ecards.select an ecard you’d like to send, and then click "personalize and send." after that you can add a personalized note as a special touch for your recipients. for more details on how to send an ecard, - check out this guide.sign up today to email animated ecards to loved ones free for 7 days.the best free ecards you'll find!ecards make staying connected so easy … and there’s always an occasion to send one! with so many amazing people in your life, your calendar is probably full of birthdays, graduations, baby showers, weddings and anniversaries. we have amazing virtual ecards for everyone’s special day, plus thoughtful ways to say thanks, send a hello and make them smile in between life’s big moments. you can also share ecards that lend support, show you care, offer encouragement and wish them well.of course, you’ll want to remember everyone in your holiday celebrations! we make it simple with funny birthday ecards, heartfelt valentine’s day ecards, spectacular christmas ecards, mother’s day ecards that (literally) sing her praises and exciting, new ways to share your favorite seasons. whether they live across the miles or around the corner, ecards offer amazing animations, cute talking animals and personalized greetings that show meaningful appreciation to everyone in your life. as a member you can even schedule ecards up to a year in advance, making staying in touch effortless!how to send a personalized ecardnot sure how to personalize your ecards? find tips and inspiration on “what to write” from our greeting card experts, who’ll help you say everything from “congrats,” “i love you,” and “i’m sorry” to everything in between! learn more about what to write in your virtual greeting card below.what to write in your ecardwhat to write in a birthday cardadding a personal birthday card message is an awesome way to make them feel amazing on their special day. to help get you started, we have ideas and inspiration aplenty!what to write in a thank you cardwe’ll offer you a little guidance on writing thank you messages that are both sincere and considerate. practicing gratitude has never been easier!what to write in an anniversary cardwe’ll help you let the happy couple feel celebrated and offer the right words to make your one-and-only swoon, too. and swooning is good.what to write in a congratulations cardyou’ll find it easy to applaud everyday moments big and small with our list of example congratulations for any occasion.what to write in a sympathy cardwhile there are no perfect words to write in a sympathy card, we offer a few examples to help you express care and condolences. above all, your thoughtful act of sending the sympathy card is what matters most.what to write in a wedding cardsay cheers with a wedding message worthy of a toast! from light and funny to sentimental and sweet, here are ideas to suit the occasion and your relationship to the newlyweds. say cheers with a wedding message worthy of a toast! from light and funny to sentimental and sweet, here are ideas to suit the occasion and your relationship to the newlyweds.what to write in an apology cardwe’ll help you write an apology message that gets you on the road to reconciliation. expert tip: always begin with those two hardest little words: “i’m sorry.”what to write in a graduation cardwhether you're looking for inspirational, heartfelt or funny messages, we have everything you need to write the perfect graduation congrats. sign up for american greetings emails first name last name email (required) sign up by clicking "sign up", you agree to receive emails from americangreetings.com and accept our terms of service, privacy policy and cookies policy. connect with us! download the app! top categories occasions & holidays ecards smashups™ creatacard™ birthday holidays gift cards digital gifts resources apps ca residents - privacy notice code of business conduct & ethics inspiration member benefits our company corporate home about us careers news our friends bluemountain.com smashups™ app contact us faqs terms of service policies do not sell or share my info email protection americangreetings.com is a service of american greetings corporation. copyright © 2024 agc, llc. all rights reserved. search member benefits as low as $1.99 a month for unlimited sends and access to over 1,000 greetings! create custom greetings with names, ages, occasions, messages and more. ai messaging assistance so you never have writer's block again. access to all our apps! learn more about the apps available with your membership. get reminders for important dates and schedule cards up to a year in advance. immediately attach a gift card from a wide variety of retailers. welcome to american greetings! sign in with your email: forgot password? enter your email address tied to your account below and we will email you instructions for creating a new password. if you no longer have access to the email address associated with your account, contact us for help. email password show forgot password? forgot password? remember me everytime i visit sign in or sign in with google sign in with apple not a member? start your free trial reset password account information payment & billing change password preferences manage membership sent cards scheduled cards received cards contacts & reminders favorites order history sign out reminders calendar-star today is upcoming holidays christmas dec 25 hanukkah dec 25 kwanzaa dec 26 join or sign in to create and view your birthday or anniversary reminders. start your free trial already a member? sign in cancel greeting send if this greeting has not been sent yet, you can delete it up to 24 hours before the target delivery date. canceling delivery of this ecard will also cancel delivery of the gift you purchased. to receive a refund or reschedule the gift, please contact customercare@jifiti.com. are you sure you want to cancel this greeting? don't cancel cancel sending cancel sending cancel greeting send this is a paid greeting send. if you choose to cancel this send you will not receive a refund. are you sure you want to cancel this greeting? don't cancel cancel sending add a digital gift to your greeting choose from a variety of gift options to pair with your greeting – all are sure to make someone's day extra special! welcome to american greetings your free accountthank you for creating your free account.with this account, you have access to a limited amount of digital greetings for top occasions. if you would like to access premium offerings like smashups™ and creatacard™, become a member today. browse free cards or become a member free member celebrity smashups™ ai messaging schedule ahead add gift cards join now