来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250501222329/https://www.americangreetings.com/
================================================================================

greeting cards, ecards & more | try for free | american greetings skip to content start free trial member benefits reminders mother's day mother's day ecards mother's day smashups™ funny ecards heartfelt ecards cute ecards for mom for grandma pet moms all mother's day ecards mother's day greeting cards funny cards heartfelt cards cute cards for mom friends for grandma for any mom spanish cards all mother's day greeting cards your mom deserves a card. cheers to the woman who did it all! birthday birthday ecards birthday for anyone birthday smashups funny birthday heartfelt birthday birthday for her birthday for him belated birthday all birthday ecards birthday greeting cards funny cards heartfelt cards cute cards kids cards cards for anyone cards for her cards for him all birthday greeting cards say ‘happy birthday’ the easy way with ecards! cake? optional. laughs? guaranteed. ecards occasions birthday anniversary baby congrats get well goodbye and good luck graduation friendship just because love miss you sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding browse all ecards holidays world laughter day (5/4) cinco de mayo (5/5) teachers' day (5/6) mother's day (5/11) nurses day (5/12) memorial day (5/26) pride month father's day (6/15) juneteenth (6/19) celebrate the date browse all holidays featured new! custom song free funny games & quizzes heartfelt interactive religious smart looks good on them.. so do you sending this ecard + a gift! smashups™ celebrities dolly parton donny osmond ice t idina menzel kevin bacon kevin nealon lainey wilson martin short meghan trainor weird al browse all celebrities occasions mother's day (5/11) birthday anniversary congrats graduation friendship love thank you thinking of you categories type any name celebrity funny original smashups popular music talking browse all smashups look at you, sending mother's day cards early! creatacard™ occasions birthday anniversary baby congrats encouragement friendship get well goodbye & good luck graduation love miss you retirement sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding & engagement browse all creatacards holidays aapi month mental health awareness month cinco de mayo (5/5) mother's day (5/11) nurses day (5/12) memorial day (5/26) pride month father's day (6/15) juneteenth (6/19) browse all holidays featured new! add-a-photo animated custom song español foil free glitter music easily send a card because they earned it (and some cash too!) digital gifts gift cards virgin experience gifts cameo more digital gifts songfinch gipht browse all digital gifts sign in sign in birthday view all birthday birthday ecards birthday digital cards ecards view all ecards birthday ecards occasions holidays featured smashups™ view all smashups celebrities birthday original selfie talking type any name creatacard™ view all creatacards occasions holidays featured digital gifts gift cards virgin experience gifts cameo songfinch gipht apps smashups™ app ag ecards app celebrities how it works calendar start free trial birthday ecards birthday for anyone birthday smashups funny birthday heartfelt birthday birthday for her birthday for him belated browse all birthday ecards birthday digital cards funny cards heartfelt cards birthday for kids birthday for anyone birthday for her birthday for him browse all birthday cards occasions browse all ecards birthday anniversary baby belated birthday congrats encouragement friendship get well goodbye & good luck graduation just because love miss you retirement sorry sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding & engagement holidays browse all holidays cinco de mayo (5/5) teachers' day (5/6) mother's day (5/11) nurses day (5/12) memorial day (5/26) celebrate the date featured new custom song free funny games & quizzes heartfelt interactive religious celebrity smashups™ browse all celebrities new! ice t alicia keys bing crosby christina aguilera dolly parton donny osmond idina menzel kevin bacon kevin nealon lainey wilson martin short meghan trainor ross mathews shaq weird al william shatner occasions browse all creatacards birthday anniversary baby congrats encouragement friendship get well goodbye & good luck graduation love miss you retirement sympathy thank you thinking of you wedding & engagement holidays browse all holidays cinco de mayo (5/5) mother's day (5/11) nurses day (5/12) memorial day (5/26) featured new add-a-photo animated custom song español foil free glitter music how you celebrate matters. celebrate meaningful moments with the perfect ecard from american greetings. start free trial how you celebrate matters. celebrate meaningful moments from american greetings. start free trial make a moment a memory with smashups™ personalized video greeting cards for any occasion. send a smashup make a moment a memory with smashups™ personalized video cards for any occasion. send a smashup we’ve got an ecard for that. birthday mother's day graduation thank you thinking of you anniversary congrats wedding new baby get well sympathy support friendship a message can make a difference. mental health awareness month begins may 1st. share strength, one card at a time. cards inspired by jelly roll’s journey and music. foil music preview jelly roll it's okay to not be okay foil music preview jelly roll don't give up music preview jelly roll i f**king love you foil music preview jelly roll keep going, baby don't just celebrate it.. send it! may holidays that deserve an ecard. aapi month cinco de mayo (5/5) mother's day (5/11) nurses day (5/12) lmao! world laughter day is may 4th 😂 browse funny preview pharrell williams' happy birthday ecard (famous song) custom song preview holy $*@%! birthday preview a bunch of birthday laughs! smashup (personalize) foil custom song preview birthday shout out why send a text, when you could send a celebrity? browse celebrities preview kevin bacon birthday smashup (personalize) preview lainey wilson 'smell like smoke' birthday smashup preview martin short birthday smashup (personalize) new preview ice t birthday smashup (personalize) give a gift, no wrapping paper required. select your ecard, add a digital gift, and send instantly. gift cards egift cards that are delivered instantly from target and nike to starbucks and sephora. cash money not sure what they want? send cash fast and text it or email with your card. custom song create a custom song with their name to include in your card. experience gifts from dinner dates to helicopter rides, give the gift of an experience with a virgin experience gift card. a subscription that never lets you forget to remember. $6.99 a month start your free trial most popular 1 year | $29.99 $2.50 a month start your free trial best value 2 years | $39.99 $1.66 a month start your free trial happy birthday without the hassle. browse birthday preview butterfly birthday ecard foil custom song preview your day to shine preview prairie dog birthday song (personalize lyrics) free new foil preview seen and celebrated birthday how it works 1choose a card the coolest cards you’ll ever send. 2personalize it add your own special touch and personal message. 3send it instantly deliver your card via email, text or social. send our free ecards. browse free ecards free preview birthday joy ecard free preview enjoyable birthday ecard free preview seize the day ecard free preview world of happiness ecard popular birthday categories lol, good one send a funny birthday ecard filled with hilarious messages and animations. happy birthday, [name]! make their birthday truly one-of-a-kind with a personalized birthday ecard. cake, sparkles, and one iconic woman ecards so sweet and stylish, just convincing enough to look planned. the man. the myth. the legend. surprise him with a unique birthday ecard that makes his day. stay thoughtful, stay connected. browse thinking of you free preview i'm always here foil preview brain animated preview strong, fearless you! preview you matter to me popular ecards preview 'at the hop' easter smashup new preview 'hop this town' easter preview kevin bacon birthday smashup (personalize) new preview joyful easter what our members are saying. “i have had my american greetings account for 15+ years and love making people smile when they receive a card.” “american greetings ecards are great ways to let people know you care.” “ i love ecards! lots of choices for all kinds of occasions.” “i never thought i would get a monthly subscription for ecards - but my friend turned me onto it and it is the best kept secret.” “i absolutely love this company! the cards are so funny, clever, and different!” “all my friends, relatives just absolutely love getting cards from me.” celebrating made easy and memorable. unlimited sends no stamps, no addresses, no problem. schedule ahead you schedule everything else in your life, why not schedule your cards? smashups™ type any name or choose from our celebrities. birthday & anniversary reminders the easiest way for you to remember all the dates in your head. gifts immediately attach a gift card, cash and more! message suggestions our ai assistance helps you craft the right message. about american greetings for more than 100 years, american greetings has helped the world become a more thoughtful and caring place. american greetings has ecards, smashups™ and creatacards you can email or print from home. all ecards and creatacards are customizable and even free with your no-risk trial! don't wait — join american greetings to print out all the christmas cards you need to mail, schedule birthday ecards for all your friends and much, much, more! the best part is that you can personalize and send any of our digital greetings for free with a 7-day trial membership. subscribe to our emails for inspiration and new ideas, behind the scenes, what to write in a greeting card and free app downloads. american greetings is here to help you make a meaningful connection with ecards and creatacards for holidays, birthdays and everyday. everything you ever wondered about ecards (but were too shy to ask) 😳💻 what are smashups™, ecards and creatacards? smashups™ are fun, personalized digital greetings that call out your friends and family by their first name through the magic of video and animation. these highly customizable wishes might even let you pick the age, location or hobby of your recipient. whether your smashup speaks, sings, scats or yodels, it’s sure to amaze someone special. ecards are like greeting cards come to life with motion, sound and thousands of images and messages. as digital greetings, you can connect with friends in just a few clicks through text, email or social media. essentially, they take the time-honored tradition of paper-and-ink cards and move the whole party to your desktop or phone! creatacard™ is a customizable, virtual greeting card experience that allows you to send birthday, seasonal or everyday wishes to friends and family digitally or as a print-at-home greeting card. you can add photos like a pro, choose music, type a personal message, even add a signature and design the envelope. in short, creatacard™ makes you the art director, master designer and author while your computer, tablet or phone is the post office delivering your pics, your words and your awesomeness in seconds. can i send an ecard without becoming a member? american greetings does offer a limited selection of free ecards.to locate them, type the word "free" in the search field at the top of the americangreetings.com website. the word "free" will display with the title for each free card.you can also send any of our ecards for free when you sign up for a 7-day free trial membership. how do i send an ecard? once you are signed in to americangreetings.com, please follow the steps below to send an ecard:select an ecard.select "personalize and send." note: if you do not see the "personalize and send" button or if the button is inactive, you may need to personalize the ecard first.add a personalized note for your recipient(s) in the text area on the next screen. you can adjust the font, size and color of your message by highlighting the text you wish to change or make your style selections before adding your message.select "preview" to preview your message and ecard. to exit preview mode, select "close" at top right-hand corner.select "share or send" then select "send by email."add your recipient(s) name and email address or open your address book.you can change the delivery date by pressing the calendar icon to the right of today's date.learn more about how to add a gift card to your ecard here.select "send" to send your ecard.congrats! you just made someone's day! what are digital gifts? digital or virtual gifts let you share one-of-a-kind, online experiences with anyone, anywhere, at any time. american greetings offers the following digital gifts that can be added to any greeting:egift cards: recipients can redeem them at their favorite store that very day or save for later because they’ll never get lostcash: text or email any dollar amount anywhere from $1 to $2,000.songfinch: friends and family can enjoy their original song instantlycameo: an icon or legend will deliver a message just for them. if you’ve captured their reaction, share it with us on social!virgin experience gifts: give the gift of experiences for every occasion. sign up for american greetings emails first name last name email (required) sign up by clicking "sign up", you agree to receive emails from americangreetings.com and accept our terms of service, privacy policy and cookies policy. connect with us! download the app! top categories occasions & holidays birthday ecards ecards free ecards smashups™ creatacard™ holidays resources digital gifts gift cards inspiration apps ca residents - privacy notice code of business conduct & ethics member benefits our company corporate home about us careers news our friends bluemountain.com smashups™ app contact us faqs terms of service policies do not sell or share my info email protection americangreetings.com is a service of american greetings corporation. copyright © 2025 agc, llc. all rights reserved. search member benefits as low as $1.99 a month for unlimited sends and access to over 1,000 greetings! create custom greetings with names, ages, occasions, messages and more. ai messaging assistance so you never have writer's block again. access to all our apps! learn more about the apps available with your membership. get reminders for important dates and schedule cards up to a year in advance. immediately attach a gift card from a wide variety of retailers. welcome to american greetings! sign in with your email: forgot password? enter your email address tied to your account below and we will email you instructions for creating a new password. if you no longer have access to the email address associated with your account, contact us for help. email password show forgot password? forgot password? remember me everytime i visit sign in or sign in with google sign in with apple not a member? start your free trial reset password reminders calendar-star today is upcoming holidays aapi month may 1 cinco de mayo may 5 teachers day may 6 mother's day may 11 nurses day may 12 memorial day may 26 join or sign in to create and view your birthday or anniversary reminders. start your free trial already a member? sign in add a digital gift to your greeting choose from a variety of gift options to pair with your greeting – all are sure to make someone's day extra special! welcome to american greetings your free accountthank you for creating your free account.with this account, you have access to a limited amount of digital greetings for top occasions. if you would like to access premium offerings like smashups™ and creatacard™, become a member today. browse free cards or become a member free member celebrity smashups™ ai messaging schedule ahead add gift cards join now