来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091015130504/http://www.crocs.com/privacy-security-policy/privacy-security-policy,default,pg.html
================================================================================

crocs | privacy & security policy welcome, guest login wish list email sign up store locator company international sites enter your email address to sign up for our email newsletter. cancel women men girls boys jibbitz outlet cart (0 items) $0 cart (0 items) $0 shop home » privacy & security policy customer service faq contact customer service privacy policy shipping policy tracking your order return policy return instructions product warranty 1-866-306-3179 monday - friday 8:00am - 5:00pm mst iservices@crocs.com crocs.com privacy policy effective date of this version: may 18, 2009 thank you for visiting crocs.com, including the crocs online store; (collectively, the "website"). this website is operated by crocs, inc. ("crocs"), located at 6273 monarch park place, niwot, co 80503. your access to and use of this website is subject to the following privacy policy ("privacy policy") and all applicable laws. the terms "crocs," "we," "us" and "our" when used in this privacy policy mean crocs inc. the terms "you" and "your," when used in this privacy policy, mean any user of this website. we understand your concerns about privacy and we want to assure you that crocs takes privacy matters seriously. therefore, we are providing this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. if you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may direct them to privacy@crocs.com. important: by submitting information to us and/or by using our website, you give your consent that all information that you submit may be processed by crocs in the manner and for the purposes described below. do not send crocs any confidential or proprietary information other than as necessary to process your order or otherwise fulfill your request for information. what type of information does crocs collect? our goal is to provide you with an enjoyable shopping experience. we sometimes collect information about you in an effort to make our products and services more efficient and customized to you. you are free to browse the website without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. however, once you give us your personally identifiable information (as further described below), you are not anonymous to us. we collect two types of information from visitors to the website, "automatic anonymous information," or "aai," (which does not identify you personally) and "personally identifiable information, or "pii," which is individually identifiable information about you that could permit one to identify or contact you.  we treat aai and pii differently and the following sections describe both aai and pii, and address how each type of information is collected and used by crocs. information you volunteer.  we collect the pii you knowingly and voluntarily provide when you use our website.  at various places on the website, we may request certain pii, such as your name, phone number, email, billing address, shipping address and other personal information. you may choose to provide pii in order to access or use certain features or services of the website, such as making a purchase, registering on the website, entering a contest or sweepstakes, filling out a survey, or providing feedback. where possible, we indicate which fields of information are required and which fields are optional. you can always choose not to provide information, but you may not be able to use a particular service or feature on the website. information sent to us by your web browser.  we collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser.  this information does not identify you personally, and typically includes your ip address, the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our website, the name of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, and the date and time of your visit.  the information we receive depends on the settings on your web browser.  please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.  we use this information to improve the content and functionality of this website, and to better understand and serve our visitors. information collected using “cookies” and other web technologies.  "cookies" are small pieces of information that a website will send to and store on your computer's hard drive. most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to configure your browser to prevent the use of cookies. crocs may use cookies to make our services available or easier for you to use. for instance, we may use cookies to store preferences or to store items in your shopping cart between visits. we may also store pii or aii in cookies to improve our services and facilitate your use of the website, or to enable crocs or our third party advertising partners to display targeted advertisements which we think would be of interest to you. acceptance of cookies is not a requirement to browse our website, however certain features and services may require the use of cookies to work properly, including our shopping cart and check out features. if you would like to place an order on our website without the use of cookies, please email one of our customer service specialists at customerservice@crocs.com. in addition to cookies, we may also use “web beacons” and other web technologies to manage our website and email.  a web beacon is a small bit of computer code.  web beacons may be used to count how many people visit a web page or tell us whether an email has been opened.  we may link the information we collect using web beacons and other web technologies to information that identifies you personally. our use of your information we use the aii we collect from you for specific and limited purposes, including improving our products and services, making your shopping experience more efficient and relevant, and providing you with a personalized service. we may also use your aii to administer this website or to target advertising to you based on the websites you visit. when you enter a contest or other promotion, we may ask you for certain pii such as your name, address and/or email address in order to administer the contest, to send you promotional emails, notify winners and make the winners' list publicly available pursuant to applicable law. your consent to such promotional use and disclosure of this information is a condition of your participation. in cases where the sweepstakes or promotional offer is co-branded with or sponsored by another party, we may share your information, with your consent, with that party. entering such contests and providing the required pii in these instances is solely your choice; you do not need to provide such information or enter such contests to browse this website. if you provide us with your email address as part of a purchase transaction on our website, or if you opt-in to receive communications from crocs, we may periodically send you newsletters, emails featuring exclusive sales and promotions, and emails requesting your feedback on our products and services. in addition, if you make a purchase on our website, we will send you order and shipping confirmation emails. you can remove your e-mail from our e-mail list at any time by visiting the "accessing and updating your information" section below to change your preferences, clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in every crocs e-mail, or sending an email to iservices@crocs.com with “opt-out” in the subject line. does crocs share the information it receives? crocs may share your pii: (i) with third parties who are under obligations of confidentiality with crocs, (ii) with crocs' affiliates or subsidiaries, (iii) if crocs is required by law to do so, (iv) in the event of a transfer of ownership of crocs, merger or other similar transaction, or (v) as otherwise set forth in this privacy policy or in any other privacy notice included on the page of our website or other location from which you provide information to us. the following describes some of the ways that your pii may be disclosed to third parties: we may employ third parties to perform services or functions on our behalf in order to improve our website, merchandising, marketing and promotional efforts, communications or other services. those third parties may include authorized contractors, consultants and other companies working with us (collectively, "agents"). they only have access to pii needed to perform their functions, and they may not share any pii with others or use it for any other purpose than providing or improving crocs' services and offerings. we may work with third party advertising companies, to serve and track our ads. we may share pii or aii with certain third party advertising partners in order for them to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests when you visit certain websites.  to choose not to have this information used by our third party advertising partners in this manner, send an email to iservices@crocs.com or contact the network advertising initiatives (nai’s) consumer opt-out page currently located at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. this privacy policy applies only to the website and does not address the practices of third parties who may collect your pii or aii. you may visit other websites, through links on our website, which may collect, use and share your pii or aii in accordance with their own privacy policies. the information practices of those websites linking from or to our website are not covered by this privacy policy, and we encourage you to be very cautious before you disclose your pii to others. if you register for crocs on another website or use a website providing a service for crocs, that website may provide pii or aii about you and your transactions back to crocs. in order to provide you with the information or products or services which you have requested, or for other business purposes, we may share or transfer your pii with our affiliates, subsidiaries, or other entities which may now or in the future be related to crocs. crocs may be obligated to cooperate with various law enforcement inquiries. crocs reserves the right to share or transfer pii to comply with a legal requirement, disclose any activities or pii about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, determine necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, for the administration of justice, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability. accessing and updating your information you always have the opportunity to review and change the information you provide to us by logging into the site and entering in the new information yourself. you can edit your name, contact information and preferences by logging into the "my account" section of the site. a special note about children's privacy you must be at least 13 years old to have our permission to use this website, and at least 18 years old to register on our site or make any purchases in our online store. we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors under 13 years of age. if you are under the age of 13, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parent's or guardian's permission. privacy policy changes crocs reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this privacy policy at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this privacy policy on the website.  these changes will only apply to personal information we collect after we have posted the revised privacy policy on our website.  your use of one of our website following any such change constitutes your agreement that all personal information collected from or about you through the website after the revised privacy policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised privacy policy. to alert you to these changes, we will provide a notice at the top of this privacy policy for at least 30 days after the new effective date.  unless the change is a minor change (such as a change in our contact information) or a non-substantive change (such as the reformatting of our privacy policy), we will also post notices (a) on our home page and/or on the relevant pages of our website and (b) on any notice providing highlights of this privacy policy for 30 days after the new effective date to alert you to the change. from time to time, for example, because of changes in the law or technology or the way we operate our business, we may ask your permission to use the pii we have collected from you in new or different ways.  we will do this by sending you a notice by email at the last email address you provided us, asking you to agree to the change.  if you do not expressly agree to the change, we may, at our discretion, delete all or some of your personal information from our databases to avoid using your information in ways to which you have not consented. you may access the current version of this privacy policy at any time by clicking on the link marked "privacy policy" at the bottom of each page of our website. transfer of data abroad if you are visiting this website from a country other than the countries in which our servers are located (currently the united states), the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. by visiting this website and communicating electronically with us, you consent to the processing and transfer of your data as set out in this privacy policy. governing law this privacy policy forms part of our website terms of use and as such shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of colorado in the united states of america without regard to conflicts of a law principles. you hereby consent and waive all objection to jurisdiction of the federal and state courts of the state colorado and to venue therein. contacting crocs with questions or comments if you have further questions about crocs' privacy policy or comments on how we can improve the crocs shopping experience, please do not hesitate to email us at privacy@crocs.com. need more help? you can refer to our help center or email one of our friendly customer service specialists at customerservice@crocs.com. you may also contact us at: privacy manager crocs, inc. 6328 monarch park place, niwot, co 80503 (303) 848-7000 we always enjoy hearing from you and appreciate your business. privacy and security privacy & security policy terms of use women men girls boys jibbitz™ outlet company © 2009 crocs, inc. shop home | login / my account | contact us | live chat | customer service | affiliate program | privacy policy | terms of use | site map thank you for signing up for our newsletter.