来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231220316/http://www.crocs.com/privacy-security-policy/privacy-security-policy,default,pg.html
================================================================================

crocs | privacy & security policy submit sign up for our newsletters free economy shipping on all orders over $25* *see details free economy shipping on all orders over $25** **valid on economy shipping method only. not valid on any other shipping method. order total determined after any other discounts are applied and does not include any applicable taxes. offer subject to change without notice. limited time offer. login |register order status email sign up stores help search women men girls boys jibbitz™ outlet my cart 0 items check out » your shopping cart is empty. free economy shipping on all orders over $25** **valid on economy shipping method only. not valid on any other shipping method. order total determined after any other discounts are applied and does not include any applicable taxes. offer subject to change without notice. limited time offer. shoes new arrivals best sellers clogs boots fuzz & lined flats & mary janes heels & wedges shoes & sneakers outlet shop all » collections a-leigh crocs @ work classic styles crocband™ college team shoes ocean minded™ duet retro shop all » accessories & apparel hospital scrubs fleece jackets purses & totes sunglasses phone & mp3 cases socks jibbitz™ charms shop all » shoes new arrivals best sellers clogs boots fuzz & lined loafers sneakers golf shoes outlet shop all » collections classic styles crocs @ work realtree® santa cruz crocband™ college team shoes retro ocean minded™ big & tall 14+ sizes shop all » accessories shop all » shoes new arrivals best sellers clogs boots fuzz flats & mary janes sneakers cartoon designs outlet shop all » collections classic styles crocband™ hello kitty® cartoon designs college team shoes retro duet shop all » accessories jibbitz™ charms shop all » not sure what size to buy? download our diy fit guide here » view kids size guide » shoes new arrivals best sellers clogs boots fuzz loafers sneakers cartoon designs outlet shop all » collections classic styles crocband™ cartoon designs college team shoes retro duet shop all » accessories jibbitz™ charms shop all » not sure what size to buy? download our diy fit guide here » view kids size guide » new arrivals strap charms characters fashion animals flowers food $1 charms shop all » new markdowns women men girls boys jibbitz™ charms accessories shop all » home > privacy & security policy customer service contact us frequently asked questions information on straps information on rivets information on liners order and payment order confirmation number canceling or changing your order sales tax payment options redeeming promotions & discount codes returns return policy credits & refunds product warranty return instructions shipping & delivery shipping damage fit guide & size chart gift cards stay connected my account create an account update email subscriptions privacy & security terms of use reporting counterfeit products email chat mon - fri 7:00am - 8:00pm (mst) sat / sun 8:00am - 4:30pm (mst) all contact options reporting counterfeit/fake products crocs.com privacy policy our privacy policy has recently changed effective date of this version: may 1, 2013 thank you for visiting crocs.com, including the crocs online store. this website is operated by crocs retail, inc., located at 7477 east dry creek parkway, niwot, co 80503. your access to and use of this website is subject to the following privacy policy and all applicable laws. we understand your concerns about privacy and we want to assure you that crocs takes privacy matters seriously. therefore, we are providing this privacy policy explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information, including your personal information, is collected and used. if you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may direct them to privacy@crocs.com. table of contents your consent definitions what type of information does crocs collect? more information on “first party” advertising cookies delivered by third parties our use of your information your choices steps we take to safeguard your information how does crocs share the information it receives? links to other sites accessing and updating your information a special note about children’s privacy privacy policy changes transfer of data abroad governing law contacting crocs with questions or comments your consent by submitting information to us and/or by using our website, you give your consent that all information that you submit, including your personal information, may be processed by crocs in the manner and for the purposes described below. if you do not agree to be bound by this privacy policy, you may not access or use this website. back to table of contents definitions the terms “automatic anonymous information” and “aai” refer to information we collect through this website that does not, in and of itself, identify you personally. one example of aai is your ip address. the term “content” refers to all of the software and code comprising or used to operate this website, and all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video and audio-video clips, and other materials available on this website. the terms “crocs,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to crocs retail, inc. the term “feedback” refers to all of the software and code comprising or used to operate this website, and all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video and audio-video clips, and other materials available on this website. the terms “personally identifiable information” and “pii” means information about you that could permit one to identify or contact you. examples of pi include your name, address, and email address. the term “privacy policy” refers to this online privacy policy. the term “user-generated content” refers to all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video, audio-video clips, and other material that you post on or through our website using the social networking tools we make available to you and that does not constitute feedback. one way that user-generated content differs from other information you provide to us is that, once submitted, user-generated content is made available on our website to others. examples of user-generated content are information you provide as part of a product review and comments you make in response to a blog post. the term “website” ” refers to crocs.com, including the crocs online store, which is owned and operated by crocs retail, inc. the terms “you” and “your” mean any user of this website. back to table of contents what type of information does crocs collect? we collect two types of information from visitors to the website, “automatic anonymous information,” or “aai,” (which does not, in and of itself, identify you personally) and “personally identifiable information,” or “pii” which is individually identifiable information about you that could permit one to identify or contact you. information you manually provide. we collect the information, including pii, you manually provide (using your keyboard, touchpad, and/or mouse) when you use our website. at various places on the website, we may request certain pii, such as your name, phone number, email, billing address, and shipping address. you may choose to provide pii to access or use certain features or services of the website, such as making a purchase, registering on the website, entering a contest or sweepstakes, filling out a survey, or providing feedback. where possible, we indicate which fields of information are required and which fields are optional. you can always choose not to provide information, but you may not be able to use a particular service or feature on the website. information from third-party social media platforms. you may be able to register with, log on to, or enhance your profile on our website by choosing to automatically populate the requested data fields with information you previously provided to a third-party social media platform. by doing this, you are asking the third-party platform to send us information from your profile on that platform. we treat that information as we do any other information you give to us when you register, log on, or enhance your profile. information sent to us by your web browser. we collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. it typically includes your ip address, the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our website, the name of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, and the date and time of your visit. the information we receive depends on the settings on your web browser. please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings. we use this information to improve the content and functionality of this website, and to better understand and serve our visitors. the information we receive from your web browser does not, in and of itself, identify you personally. however, we may combine it with other information in an attempt to identify you or we may combine it with information that does identify you. information from your mobile or tablet device. likewise, if you download one of our mobile or tablet applications or access our website through your mobile or tablet device, we may automatically collect certain information from or about your device. the types of information we may collect include the type of device you use, the ip address of your device, your device’s operating system, the type of mobile or tablet internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our mobile or tablet application. information collected using “cookies” and other web technologies. most websites use “cookies” and/or similar technologies to place information about a user’s visit to that website in a small data text file that is stored on the user’s computer. some browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to configure your browser to prevent the use of cookies. crocs may use cookies to make our services available or easier for you to use. for instance, we may use cookies to store preferences or items in your shopping cart between visits. pii may be among the types of information stored in a cookie. for example, if you choose the “remember me” option when logging on, we may store your email address in a cookie to expedite your future log-ons. we may also use cookies for the purpose of delivering “first party” advertisements to you. acceptance of cookies is not a requirement to browse our website, however certain features and services may require the use of cookies to work properly, including our shopping cart and check-out features. if you would like to place an order on our website without the use of cookies, please email customer service. in addition to cookies, we may also use “web beacons” and other web technologies to manage our website and email. a web beacon is a small bit of computer code. web beacons may be used to count how many people visit a web page or tell us whether an email has been opened. we may link the information we collect using web beacons and other web technologies to pii. back to table of contents more information on “first party” advertising first-party advertising works this way: when you visit our website, we may deliver a cookie to your browser. when you leave our website and travel elsewhere on the internet, we may use the cookie to recognize you as someone who has visited our website, to assume that you are interested in our products, and to deliver an advertisement to you that promotes our products. although we may work with a vendor to deliver and read our first-party cookies and to serve advertisements on our behalf, our vendors may not use these first-party cookies to recognize you as someone who may be interested in the goods/services of the vendors’ other clients. you can opt out of first-party advertising by clicking here . when you do, we will deliver an “opt-out” cookie to your browser. when you visit our website in the future, the opt-out cookie will tell us that you have opted out of crocs’ cookies for first-party targeted advertisements. please note that the opt-out cookie will only prevent delivery of first-party advertising cookies. first-party cookies are different than third-party cookies. third-party cookies track your online behaviors across nonaffiliated websites for the purpose of delivering targeted advertisements not only for crocs but for a variety of other companies. to learn more about online behavioral advertising and the choices you have about the delivery of third-party cookies, read the next section. back to table of contents cookies delivered by third parties in addition to the cookies we deliver to your computer through our website, certain third parties may deliver cookies to you for a variety of reasons. for example, we use google analytics, a web analytics tool that helps us understand how visitors engage with our website. to learn more about google analytics, click here. other third parties may deliver cookies to your computer for the purpose of tracking your online behaviors across nonaffiliated websites and delivering targeted advertisements either on our website or on other websites. you have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our website. for example, if you don’t want information about your visit to our website sent to google analytics, you may download an opt-out browser add-on by clicking here. please note that the add-on does not prevent information from being sent to crocs. in addition, if you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected by certain entities during your visits to our website or other websites, please click here. you will be directed to an industry-developed website that contains mechanisms for choosing whether each listed entity may collect and use data for online behavioral advertising purposes. it may be that some of the third parties that collect interest-based information on our website do not participate in the industry-developed opt-out website, in which case the best way to avoid third-party tracking of your online behaviors may be through your browser settings and deletion of cookies. back to table of contents our use of your information generally, we use the information we collect through our website: to provide the information, products and services you request; to provide you with effective customer service; to provide you with a personalized experience when you use our website; to contact you with information and notices related to your use of our website; to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us); to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us (in accordance with any privacy preferences you have expressed to us); to improve the content, functionality and usability of our website; to better understand your needs and interests; to improve our products and services; to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes; and for any other purpose identified in an applicable privacy notice, click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us. more information on how we use pii collected as part of a contest or promotion. when you enter a contest or other promotion, we may ask you for certain pii to administer the contest, send you promotional emails, notify winners and make the winners’ list publicly available (pursuant to applicable law). your consent to such promotional use and disclosure of this information generally is a condition of your participation. in cases where the contest or promotional offer is co-branded with or sponsored by another party, we may share your information with that party. entering such contests and providing the required pii is solely your choice; you do not need to provide such information or enter such contests to browse this website. back to table of contents your choices you have choices about what information we collect and how we use and share it. we try to make these choices available in a meaningful way and many of them are described elsewhere in this policy. here are some of your choices: at the time you provide your contact information, we typically offer you a choice as to whether you receive promotional communications from us. you can also remove your email address from our marketing list at any time either by sending an email to privacy@crocs.com with “opt-out” in the subject line or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any promotional email we send you. as discussed above, you can choose whether you receive cookies delivered through this site. please note: in cases where a contest or promotional offer is co-branded with or sponsored by another party, your participation may be conditioned on our ability to share your information with that party. in such circumstances, if you do not want us to share your information with our co-sponsor, you should not participate in the contest or promotion. back to table of contents steps we take to safeguard your information we maintain reasonable administrative, physical and technological measures to protect the confidentiality and security of information you submit on or through our website in accordance with applicable legislation and regulations. for example, when collecting credit card information for online purchases, we offer secured-service transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart others from intercepting or misusing it. unfortunately, no website, server, or database is completely secure or “hacker proof.” we therefore cannot guarantee that your pii will not be disclosed, misused or lost by accident or by the unauthorized acts of others. further, we cannot control dissemination of pii contained in user-generated content you post on or through our website, and you should have no expectation of privacy in such information. back to table of contents how does crocs share the information it receives? crocs may share the aai and/or pii submitted on or through this website in the following ways: third–party service providers. crocs shares information collected through this website with third-party service providers who act for or on its behalf. for example, we may use third-party vendors to design, operate, and/or host our website; to conduct surveys; and to help us with our promotional efforts. these third parties may need information about you to perform their functions. typically, third-party service providers who receive pii are bound by contract to use it only on our behalf. however, some of our service providers, such as our advertising partners, are permitted to collect aai through our website and use that aai in connection with providing services to nonaffiliated third parties. for more information about behavioral advertising, see the “cookies delivered by third parties” section above. other users of this website. the user-generated content you submit on or through our website is available to others who visit our website. any pii contained in user-generated content you submit can be read, collected, or used by others, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. in addition, we may use user-generated content you submit on or through our website for advertising campaigns and other promotions. we may or may not use your name in connection with such use, and we may or may not seek your consent before using the user-generated content for such purposes. therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to user-generated content you submit on or through our website. you should not submit any user-generated content you do not wish to make available to the general public, and you must take special care to make sure your submissions comply with our terms of use. in particular, your submissions must not violate the privacy or other rights of others. third-party social media platforms. we may provide functionality on our website that allows you to automatically post information about the actions you take on our website to a third-party social media platform. if you choose to take advantage of this functionality, people with access to your profile on the third-party platform may be able to see the actions you have taken—for example, the items you have purchased. thus, you should have no expectation of privacy in those actions. further, if you choose to link your profile on our website with an account on a third-party social media platform, we may share the information in your profile with that third-party platform. affiliates and subsidiaries. we may share your information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for their own marketing purposes. before doing so, however, we may offer you the opportunity to “opt out” or “opt in” as required by applicable law. business partners. from time to time, we may share your information with selected third parties (other than our service providers, affiliates, or subsidiaries) for their own marketing purposes. for example, in cases where a contest or promotional offer is co-branded with or sponsored by another party, your participation may be conditioned on our ability to share your information with that party. in such circumstances, if you do not want us to share your information with our co-sponsor, you should not participate in the contest or promotion. business negotiations. we may contemplate, for strategic or other reasons, selling, buying, merging, or otherwise reorganizing one or more of our businesses. in negotiating with a third party about entering into such an arrangement, we may need to disclose your information. in such cases, we will take reasonable measures to protect the information we disclose, for example, by requiring a prospective purchaser to sign a non-disclosure agreement limiting the use and protecting the confidentiality of the information. business transfers. we may transfer the information you submit on or through our website to any organization that acquires or merges with us. compliance with laws and protection of our rights and the rights of others. crocs may be obligated to cooperate with various law enforcement inquiries. crocs reserves the right to share or transfer your information to comply with a legal requirement and to disclose any activities or information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, determine necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, for the administration of justice, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability. as described in a privacy notice. we reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any privacy notice posted on a page of our website where you provide that information. by providing your information on that page you will be consenting to the disclosure of your information as described in that privacy notice. as described in a click–through agreement. we reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any click–through agreement to which you have agreed. back to table of contents links to other sites this privacy policy applies only to our website. you may visit other websites, through links on our website, which may collect, use and share your pii or aai in accordance with their own privacy policies. the information practices of those websites linking from or to our website are not covered by this privacy policy, and we encourage you to be very cautious before you disclose your pii to others. if you register for crocs on another website or use a website providing a service for crocs, that website may provide pii or aai about you and your transactions back to crocs. back to table of contents accessing and updating your information you always have the opportunity to review and change the information you provide to us by logging into the website and entering in the new information yourself. you can edit your name, contact information and preferences by logging into the “my account” section of the site. back to table of contents a special note about children’s privacy you must be at least 13 years old to have our permission to use this website, and at least 18 years old to register on our site or make any purchases in our online store. we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose pii about visitors under 13 years of age. if you are under the age of 13, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parent’s or guardian’s permission. back to table of contents privacy policy changes crocs reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this privacy policy at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this privacy policy on the website. your use of our website following any such change constitutes your agreement that all information collected from or about you through the website after the revised privacy policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised privacy policy. to alert you to these changes, we will provide a notice at the top of this privacy policy for at least 30 days after the new effective date. unless the change is a minor change (such as a change in our contact information) or a non-substantive change (such as the reformatting of our privacy policy), we will also post notices (a) on our home page and/or on the relevant pages of our website and (b) on any notice providing highlights of this privacy policy for 30 days after the new effective date to alert you to the change. from time to time, for example, because of changes in the law or technology or the way we operate our business, we may ask your permission to use the information we have collected from you in new or different ways. we will do this by sending you a notice by email at the last email address you provided us, asking you to agree to the change. if you do not expressly agree to the change, we may, at our discretion, delete all or some of your pii from our databases to avoid using your information in ways to which you have not consented. you may access the current version of this privacy policy at any time by clicking on the link marked “privacy policy” at the bottom of each page of our website. back to table of contents transfer of data abroad if you are visiting this website from a country other than the united states, the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. by visiting this website and communicating electronically with us, you consent to the collection, use, processing, storage, and transfer of your data as set out in this privacy policy. back to table of contents governing law this privacy policy forms part of our website terms of use and as such shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of colorado in the united states of america without regard to conflicts of a law principles. you hereby consent and waive all objections to jurisdiction of the federal and state courts of the state colorado and to venue therein. back to table of contents contacting crocs with questions or comments if you have further questions about crocs’ privacy policy or comments on how we can improve the crocs shopping experience, please do not hesitate to email us at privacy@crocs.com. need more help? you can refer to our help center or email one of our friendly customer service specialists at customerservice@crocs.com. you may also contact us at: privacy manager crocs retail, inc. 7477 east dry creek parkway niwot, co 80503 (303) 848-7000 we always enjoy hearing from you and appreciate your business. shop crocs new arrivals women men girls boys outlet gift cards catalog fit & size fit & size guides kids diy fit guide orders order status shipping rates & policies my account login write a review email subscriptions customer service return an item return policy faqs sign up to receive email promotions submit contact customer service m-f 7:00am - 8:00pm s-s 8:00am - 4:30pm email chat stay connected about crocs™ company site crocs blog careers sustainability report code of conduct affiliate program crocs cares℠ find a store privacy policy • terms of use • your ad choices • site map loading...