来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231220316/http://www.crocs.com/terms-of-use/privacy-security-terms,default,pg.html
================================================================================

crocs | terms of use submit sign up for our newsletters free economy shipping on all orders over $25* *see details free economy shipping on all orders over $25** **valid on economy shipping method only. not valid on any other shipping method. order total determined after any other discounts are applied and does not include any applicable taxes. offer subject to change without notice. limited time offer. order deadlines for delivery by 12/24* shipping method order deadline usps economy december 12th, noon mst fedex ground december 16th, 2pm mst ups standard december 18th, 2pm mst ups 2 day december 19th, 2pm mst ups overnight december 20th, 2pm mst *deadlines apply to orders shipped within the lower 48 states only for delivery by december 24th. login |register order status email sign up stores help search women men girls boys jibbitz™ outlet gift guide my cart 0 items check out » your shopping cart is empty. free economy shipping on all orders over $25** **valid on economy shipping method only. not valid on any other shipping method. order total determined after any other discounts are applied and does not include any applicable taxes. offer subject to change without notice. limited time offer. shoes new arrivals best sellers clogs boots fuzz & lined flats & mary janes heels & wedges shoes & sneakers outlet shop all » collections a-leigh crocs @ work classic styles crocband™ college team shoes ocean minded™ duet retro shop all » accessories & apparel hospital scrubs fleece jackets purses & totes sunglasses phone & mp3 cases socks jibbitz™ charms shop all » shoes new arrivals best sellers clogs boots fuzz & lined loafers sneakers golf shoes outlet shop all » collections classic styles crocs @ work realtree® santa cruz crocband™ college team shoes retro ocean minded™ big & tall 14+ sizes shop all » accessories shop all » shoes new arrivals best sellers clogs boots fuzz flats & mary janes sneakers cartoon designs outlet shop all » collections classic styles crocband™ hello kitty® cartoon designs college team shoes retro duet shop all » accessories jibbitz™ charms shop all » not sure what size to buy? download our diy fit guide here » view kids size guide » shoes new arrivals best sellers clogs boots fuzz loafers sneakers cartoon designs outlet shop all » collections classic styles crocband™ cartoon designs college team shoes retro duet shop all » accessories jibbitz™ charms shop all » not sure what size to buy? download our diy fit guide here » view kids size guide » new arrivals strap charms characters fashion animals flowers food $1 charms shop all » new markdowns women men girls boys jibbitz™ charms accessories shop all » gifts for her fuzz boots best sellers always summer flats go have fun comfort at work shop all » gifts for him fuzz golf best sellers always summer realtree® collegiate comfort at work shop all » gifts for kids fuzz boots kids' best sellers always summer lego®/character collegiate shop all » gifts on sale women's sale men's sale kids' sale shop all » home > terms of use customer service contact us frequently asked questions information on straps information on rivets information on liners order and payment order confirmation number canceling or changing your order sales tax payment options redeeming promotions & discount codes returns return policy credits & refunds product warranty return instructions shipping & delivery shipping damage fit guide & size chart gift cards stay connected my account create an account update email subscriptions privacy & security terms of use reporting counterfeit products email chat offline mon - fri 7:00am - 8:00pm (mst) sat / sun 8:00am - 4:30pm (mst) all contact options reporting counterfeit/fake products crocs.com terms of use our terms of use policy has recently changed effective date of this version: april 10, 2012 thank you for visiting crocs.com. this website is owned and operated by crocs retail, inc., located at 7477 east dry creek parkway, niwot, co 80503. your access to and use of this website is subject to the following terms of use and all applicable laws. table of contents agreement definitions minors product & services information ownership trademarks responsibility for user-generated content posted on or through this website removal of user-generated content your feedback links to other sites our privacy policy no warranties exclusion of liability your obligations modification and discontinuation entire understanding severability and non-waiver law & jurisdiction contacting us agreement access to and use of this website and its content are subject to all applicable laws and regulations and to these terms of use. by accessing, browsing, and shopping at this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms of use, which form a legally binding agreement. if you do not agree, please exit this website. these terms of use may be changed by us from time to time without specific notice to you. the latest terms of use will be posted on the website, and you should always review these terms of use prior to using the website to ensure that you have a current understanding of the terms of use under which you are permitted to access this website. if you cannot access the terms of use via the internet, we can provide a copy of the most recent terms of use by email upon request. please email us at the email address listed at the end of these terms of use. access to this website (or portions thereof) and the use of information, materials, products, or services provided through this website (or portions thereof), is not intended, and is prohibited, where such access or use violates applicable laws or regulations. back to table of contents definitions the term “content” refers to all of the software and code comprising or used to operate this website, and all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video and audio-video clips, and other materials available on this website. the terms “crocs,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to crocs retail, inc. the term “feedback” refers to the content you post on or through this website that is specifically about how we can improve this website and the products and services we make available through this website. the terms “personally identifiable information” and “pii” refer to individually identifiable information about you that could permit one to identify or contact you. examples of pii include your name, address, and email address. the term “terms of use” refer to these terms of use. the term “user-generated content” refers to all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video, audio-video clips, and other material that you post on or through our website using the social networking tools we make available to you and that does not constitute feedback. one way that user-generated content differs from other information you provide to us is that, once submitted, user-generated content is made available instantaneously to others. examples of user-generated content are information you provide as part of a product review and comments you make in response to a blog post. the term “website” refers to crocs.com, including the crocs online store, which is owned and operated by crocs retail, inc. the terms “you” and “your” mean any user of this website. back to table of contents minors this website is a business and commercial site. as such, it is not intended for children or minors under the age of 18 years without the permission of a parent or guardian. back to table of contents product & services information all references on this website to information, materials, products, and services apply to information, materials, products and services available in the countries or jurisdictions specified with respect to such information only, unless otherwise stated. nothing in this website constitutes an offer to buy or sell our products or services in any jurisdiction. back to table of contents ownership unless otherwise indicated, this website and all of its content are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary (including, but not limited to, intellectual property) laws, including without limitation those of the united states, and all content and intellectual property rights therein are the property of crocs or the material is included with the permission of the rights owner and is protected pursuant to applicable copyright and trademark laws. all rights reserved. the posting of any content on this website does not constitute a waiver of any right in such content. you do not acquire ownership rights to any content viewed through this website. except as otherwise provided herein, none of this content may be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, modified, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without our express prior written permission. permission is hereby granted to the extent necessary to lawfully access and use this website and its content to display, download, archive and print in hard copy, portions of this website on a temporary basis and for your individual use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain any and all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. back to table of contents trademarks the crocs logo, all product names, all page headers, all custom graphics, all button icons, all trademarks, service marks and logos appearing on this website, unless otherwise noted, are service marks, trademarks (whether registered or not) and/or trade dress of crocs (the “marks”). all other trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress mentioned, displayed, cited or otherwise indicated on the website are the property of their respective owners. you are not authorized to display or use the marks in any manner without our prior written permission. you are not authorized to display or use trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress of other owners without the prior written permission of such owners. the use or misuse of the marks or other trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress or any other materials contained herein, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited. back to table of contents responsibility for user-generated content posted on or through this website you are responsible for user-generated content that you post. under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any user-generated content. this means that you, not crocs, are entirely responsible for all user-generated content that you post and that you can be held personally liable for comments that are defamatory, obscene, or libelous, or that violate these terms of use, an obligation of confidentiality, or the rights of others. if any part of the user-generated content you post is not your original work, it is your responsibility to obtain any necessary permission to post it. because we do not control the user-generated content posted on or through this website, we cannot and do not warrant or guarantee the truthfulness, integrity, suitability, or quality of that user-generated content. you also agree and understand that by accessing this website, you may encounter user-generated content that you may consider to be objectionable. we have no responsibility for any user-generated content, including without limitation any errors or omissions therein. we are not liable for any loss or damage of any kind you may claim was incurred as a result of the use of any user-generated content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available on or through this website. the user-generated content posted on or through this website expresses the personal opinions of the individuals who posted it and does not necessarily reflect the views of crocs or any person or entity associated with crocs. you own user-generated content, but we may use it. you own the copyright in any original user-generated content you post. we do not claim any copyrights in user-generated content. however, by using this website you are granting us and our subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns, a nonexclusive, fully paid, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable license (with the right to sublicense through unlimited levels of sublicensees) to use, copy, modify, distribute, publicly display and perform, publish, transmit, remove, retain repurpose, and commercialize user-generated content you post in any and all media or form of communication whether now existing or hereafter developed, without obtaining additional consent, without restriction, notification, or attribution, and without compensating you in any way, and to authorize others to do the same. for this reason, we ask that you not post any user-generated content that you do not wish to license to us, including any photographs, videos, confidential information, or product ideas. we may disclose and/or remove user-generated content. crocs has certain rights. we have the right (but do not assume the obligation) to: monitor all user-generated content; require that you avoid certain subjects; remove or block any user-generated content at any time without notice at our sole and absolute discretion; disclose any user-generated content and the identity of the user who posted it in response to a subpoena or whenever we believe that disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or a court order, to prevent or investigate a possible crime or other violation of law, to protect the rights of crocs or others, or to enforce these terms of use; and terminate your access to and use of this website, or to modify, edit or block your transmissions thereto in our sole discretion. you agree that our exercise of such discretion shall not render us the owners of user-generated content you post, and that you will retain ownership thereof as described above. restrictions on user-generated content. it is a condition of these terms of use that you do not: upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any user-generated content that is unlawful, harmful, hateful, threatening, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, racially disparaging, indecent, or invasive of another’s privacy; any user-generated content that constitutes or encourages activity illegal under criminal or civil law; any user-generated content that is false, misleading, or fraudulent; any user-generated content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information or proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements); any user-generated content that violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including user-generated content which violates the patent rights, copyrights, trademark rights, privacy rights, publicity rights, trade secret rights, confidentiality rights, contract rights, or any other rights of any individual, living or deceased, or any legal entity; any user-generated content that contains the image, name or likeness of anyone other than yourself, unless (i) that person is at least eighteen years old and you have first obtained his/her express permission or (ii) that person is under eighteen years old but you are his/her parent or legal guardian; any request for or solicitation of any personal or private information from any individual; any request for or solicitation of money, goods, or services for private gain; any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; or any user-generated content that contains advertising, promotions or marketing, or which otherwise has a commercial purpose; impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; or violate any local, state, national or international law, rule or regulation. by posting user-generated content, you represent and warrant that (i) you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the user-generated content and have the right to grant the license set forth in these terms of use; (ii) the user-generated content is accurate, and (iii) you are at least eighteen years old and you have read and understood—and your user-generated content fully complies with—these terms of use and applicable laws and will not cause injury to any person or entity. back to table of contents removal of user-generated content in general. on certain pages of this website, we may provide to you a tool to report objectionable user-generated content. if that tool is not available, you can report objectionable user-generated content by contacting us using the information provided below. while we do not have any obligation to remove any user-generated content from this website merely because of a removal request, we will review all such requests and will remove user-generated content that we determine should be removed, in our sole discretion and in accordance with these terms of use and applicable law. please be aware, however, that if the user-generated content has already been distributed to other websites or published in other media, we will not be able to recapture and delete it. also, a back-up or residual copy of the user-generated content we remove from this website may remain on back-up servers. violation of copyrights. crocs does not knowingly violate or permit others to violate the copyrights of others. we will promptly remove or disable access to material that we know is infringing or if we become aware of circumstances from which infringing activity is apparent. if you are requesting removal of content because of a violation of your copyrights, please note that the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (the “dmca”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under u.s. copyright law. if you believe that your own work, or the work of a third party for whom you are authorized to act, is featured on this website or has been otherwise copied and made available on this website in a manner that constitute copyright infringement, please notify us immediately. your notice must be in writing and must include: an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on this website (including the url, title and/or item number if applicable, or other identifying characteristics); your name, address, telephone number, and email address, and, if you are not the owner of the copyright, the name of the owner; and a written statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. your statement must be addressed as follows: copyright agent crocs retail, inc. 7477 east dry creek parkway niwot, co 80503 ip@crocs.com any notification by a copyright owner or a person authorized to act on its behalf that fails to comply with requirements of the dmca shall not be considered sufficient notice and shall not be deemed to confer upon us actual knowledge of facts or circumstances from which infringing material or acts are evident. back to table of contents your feedback although we do not claim ownership of user-generated content you post using this website, the feedback you provide to us through this website will be and remain our exclusive property. your submission of feedback will constitute an assignment to us of all worldwide rights, title and interests in your feedback, including all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in your feedback. we will be entitled to reduce to practice, exploit, make, use, copy, disclose, display or perform publicly, distribute, improve and modify any feedback you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. for this reason, we ask that you not send us any feedback that you do not wish to assign to us. back to table of contents links to other sites this website may contain links and/or advertisements to other websites maintained by us in addition to links to websites maintained by unrelated companies and persons. an advertisement of, or link to, a non-crocs website does not mean that we approve, endorse or accept any responsibility for that website, its content or use, or the use of products and services made available through such website. we are not responsible for the actions, content, accuracy, opinions expressed, privacy policies, products or services provided through these links or made available through these resources or appearing in such websites, nor for any damages or losses, directly or indirectly, caused or alleged to have been caused as a result of your use or reliance on such websites. such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy, completeness or conformance with applicable laws and regulations by us. we do not make any representations whatsoever, or give any warranties of any kind, expressed, implied, or otherwise about other websites which you may access through this website, the content thereof, or the products and/or services made available through such websites. if you decide to leave our website and access these other websites, you do so at your own risk. all rules, policies (including privacy policies) and operating procedures of such websites will apply to you while on such websites. back to table of contents our privacy policy by agreeing to these terms of use, you agree to the terms of our privacy policy. before using this website please read it carefully. all personally identifiable information provided to us as a result of your use of this website will be handled in accordance with our privacy policy. back to table of contents no warranties we make no representations or warranties with respect to this website or its content, which are provided for use "as is" and on an "as available" basis. we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including without limitation the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, quality and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to this website and any website with which it is linked. we do not warrant that this website, its servers or email sent from us will be free of any harmful components (including viruses). we also make no representations or warranties as to whether the information accessible via this website, or any website with which it is linked, is accurate, complete, or current. we do not provide any representations or warranties against the possibility of deletion, misdelivery or failure to store communications, personalized settings, or other data. you accept that our shareholders, owners, officers, directors, employees and other representatives shall have the benefit of this clause. the information and all other materials on this website are provided for general information purposes only and do not constitute professional advice. it is your responsibility to evaluate (or take professional advice on) the accuracy and completeness of all information, statements, opinions and other material on this website or any website with which it is linked. your statutory rights as a consumer, if any, are not affected by these provisions, and we do not seek to exclude or limit liability for fraudulent misrepresentation. back to table of contents exclusion of liability to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws we, on behalf of our employees, agents, suppliers, and contractors, exclude and disclaim liability for any losses and expenses of whatever nature and howsoever arising including, without limitation, any direct, indirect, special, punitive, or consequential damages, loss of use, loss of data, loss caused by a virus, loss of income or profit, loss of or damage to property, claims of third parties, or other losses of any kind or character, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses, arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or any website with which it is linked. you assume total responsibility for establishing such procedures for data back up and virus checking as you consider necessary. this limitation of liability applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract, negligence, tort, strict liability or any other basis. these terms of use give you specific legal rights and you may also have other rights which vary from country to country. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, or certain kinds of limitations or exclusions of liability, so the limitations & exclusions set out in these terms of use may not apply to you. other jurisdictions allow limitations and exclusions subject to certain conditions. in such a case the limitations and exclusions set out in these terms of use shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of such applicable jurisdictions. back to table of contents your obligations you are responsible for providing and maintaining all personal computer and communications equipment and internet access accounts necessary to gain access to this website. in consideration of your use of the website, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself. your account, including your username and password, are personal to you and may not be used by anyone else. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and username and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or username by you or by anyone else using your username and password, whether or not authorized by you. you agree to immediately inform us of any apparent breaches of security such as loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of your username or password (contact crocs at customerservice@crocs.com) and until we are so notified you will remain liable for any unauthorized use of your account. you agree to use the website in a manner consistent with any and all applicable rules and regulations. you agree not to upload or transmit through the website any computer viruses, trojan horses, worms or anything else designed to interfere with, interrupt or disrupt the normal operating procedures of a computer. any unauthorized modification, tampering or change of any information, or any interference with the availability of or access to this website is strictly prohibited. crocs reserves all rights and remedies available to it. you agree to indemnify, release and hold us harmless as well as our officers, directors, agents, representatives and employees from any claim, liability, loss, expense or demand, including legal fees, related to your violation of these terms of use or your access or use of this website (including any information, materials, products or services available through this website). back to table of contents modification and discontinuation we reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify, edit, delete, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently this website (or any portion thereof) and/or the information, materials, products and/or services available through this website (or any part thereof) with or without notice. you agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, editing, deletion, suspension or discontinuance of this website. back to table of contents entire understanding these terms of use (together with our privacy policy, which is expressly incorporated herein) contain the entire understanding between you and us with respect to use of this website and no representation, statement, inducement oral or written, not contained herein shall bind any party to this agreement. back to table of contents severability and non-waiver our failure to enforce any provision of these terms of use shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision, and a waiver by us of any right under these terms of use on any occasion will not in any way constitute a waiver of such right or any other right on any other occasion. in the event any provision of these terms of use is determined to be invalid, such invalidity will not affect the validity of the remaining portions of these terms of use, and the parties will substitute for the invalid provision a provision which most closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the invalid provision. these terms of use will apply in lieu of and notwithstanding any specific legend or statement associated with any particular document or information exchanged. back to table of contents law & jurisdiction these terms of use shall be subject to, governed by and construed under the laws of the state of colorado in the united states of america, without regard to conflict of law principles. this website is operated from the state of colorado and is intended to be accessed only by persons in the united states and canada. access to, or use of, this website or information, materials, products and/or services on this website may be prohibited by law in certain countries or jurisdictions. you are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you are accessing this website. you hereby consent and waive all objections to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the state of colorado and venue therein to resolve any controversy or claim of whatever nature arising out of or relating to use of this website. however, we retain the right to bring legal proceedings in any jurisdiction where we believe that infringement of this agreement is taking place or originating. back to table of contents contacting us if you have any questions regarding these terms of use or any other matter, you may refer to our customer service page or email one of our friendly customer service specialists at customerservice@crocs.com. you may also contact us at: crocs retail, inc. 7477 east dry creek parkway niwot, co 80503 (303) 848-7000 shop crocs new arrivals women men girls boys outlet gift cards catalog fit & size fit & size guides kids diy fit guide orders order status shipping rates & policies my account login write a review email subscriptions customer service return an item return policy faqs sign up to receive email promotions submit contact customer service m-f 7:00am - 8:00pm s-s 8:00am - 4:30pm email chat offline stay connected about crocs™ company site crocs blog careers sustainability report code of conduct affiliate program crocs cares℠ find a store privacy policy • terms of use • your ad choices • site map loading...