来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201230093130/https://www.crocs.com/customer-service/faqs.html
================================================================================

crocs customer service: frequently asked questions - crocs skip to main content that’s a wrap on 2020 celebrate with up to 60% off select styles!*. shop now. free shipping on orders $44.99+ and free returns on all orders! sign up for 15% off! menu women ▻ men ▻ kids ▻ jibbitz™ charms ▻ crocs at work™ ▻ sale ▻ featured ▻ my account 👤 👤 sign in / register 0 items in your wish list. wish list gift cards  store locator crocs club order status returns customer service 📞 call 💬 chat 💬 chat offline search 🔎 ␡ close search 🔎 search best sellers crocband™ clog women’s kadee slingback bayaband flip my account 👤 0 items in your wish list.  0 25% off when you sign up ␡ close get the latest scoop on new arrivals, sales, special offers and receive 15% off your next purchase. birthday (optional) month day email address submit : to place your order to place your order your time has expired sold out ℹclick to expand ␡click to collapse item(s) are reserved for a limited time. when the displayed time expires, item(s) will be released for others to purchase. we can no longer guarantee your reserved item(s). if you wish to proceed, please complete check out now. we can no longer guarantee your reserved item(s). if you wish to proceed please check out now. we have sold out of this item. to stay in the loop about future collaborations, sign up for our email list. ␡click to dismiss « back customer service faqs crocs faqs customer service frequently asked questions you can find answers below or contact our team to help you. what is your question related to? your order if something isn't right pricing & payments product info & warranty contact customer service track order or return items order number * (ex: 00001234cus) what's this? locating your order confirmation number billing last name * view order details have a crocs account? login to see your orders need help? detailed return instructions we could not find the order. please try again. go back your order jump to: order information and tracking canceling or changing an order locating your order confirmation number order information and tracking choose from two ways to easily track your crocs.com order. option 1: log in to track your order visit crocs.com and select ”sign in” from the top navigation bar. sign in. enter your registered email address and password and click sign in. under order history, select your order number. in the right column of the order details page, find track shipment and click the blue tracking number. your tracking information will display with the estimated delivery date and package travel history. option 2: track with order number and name click order status in the footer at the bottom of the home page. order status. enter your order number and your billing last name. (be sure to capitalize the cus at the end of the number. for example: 00123456cus.) click go. in the right column of the order details page, find track shipment and click the blue tracking number. your tracking information will display with the estimated delivery date and package travel history. delayed shipments? due to reduced staff and social distancing procedures for the health and safety of our employees, we are experiencing delays in fulfilling orders. please note that it could take up to 10+ days for an order to ship from our warehouse.. we are working hard to ship as quickly as possible and we apologize for any inconvenience. you will receive your shipping confirmation email as soon as your order leaves our warehouse. need help? contact customer service at 1-866-306-3179 or by email. back to top canceling or changing an order changing your order orders cannot be changed once they have been placed. if applicable, please cancel your order within 30 minutes of submitting the order or return the items and place a new order. canceling your order you may cancel an order within 30 minutes of submitting. orders placed using crocs gift cards cannot be cancelled. for information about refunds or exchanges, please see our return instructions. back to top locating your order confirmation number locating your order confirmation number back to top if something isn't right jump to: returns shipping damage gift exchange reporting counterfeit or fake products contacting customer service returns return policy item(s) are available for return once they have shipped. a full refund, excluding shipping charges, will be issued on unworn and unwashed merchandise within 45 business days to the original form of payment. items that are beyond 45 days from that date will no longer be available for return. items marked "final sale" are not eligible for return or exchanged and are not subject to price adjustment. products created for collaborations or special events cannot be returned online or in-store unless they're defective or flawed. our returns take up to 10-14 business days to process after we receive the package. please note that it may take additional time to post your account depending on your bank or financial institution. if there is a quality issue with your item, click here for our warranty policy. returning online orders want to return an online item? have your order number and billing zip code ready and follow our simple step-by-step instructions. steps include: letting us know the reason. no hard feelings! choose your preferred shipping method: ups pre-paid label: we'll provide a ups specific prepaid shipping label and packing slip. choose your own carrier: we'll provide you with a packing slip. return in store: find the nearest crocs store and return in person. review and print your return slip! please hold onto your tracking number for returning your package via mail. crocs is not responsible return packages that are not received by our facility. start your return or check your status at this time, we are unable to process returns. please check back later after we complete our maintenance. if you have any concerns, please reach out to our customer service agents. enter in your order number and billing last name below to view your return status. order number * (ex: 00001234cus) what's this? locating your order confirmation number billing last name * view order details have a crocs account? login to see your orders need help? detailed return instructions we could not find the order. please try again. go back crocs reserves the right to change this return policy at any time. back to top shipping damage if you feel an item purchased at crocs.com was damaged during shipping, please contact customer service for an exchange or refund within 90 days of arrival. back to top gift exchange if you received crocs as a gift, we'd be happy to exchange it if the product is unworn and doesn't quite work for you. you can call us at 1-866-306-3179, email us to get a gift exchange set up. we will need to know the style of the footwear that you will be replacing, the reason for the exchange, and your email address. when your footwear is returned, we will be happy to send you a replacement pair. back to top reporting counterfeit or fake products if you are unsure if a product you have seen or purchased is counterfeit, please contact us. please have a picture of the product in question available. you can also visit www.crocs.com for pictures of our products back to top contacting customer service our customer service team is happy to assist with questions you have about crocs™ and our products. you can reach us in three convenient ways: call us for help. contact us by phone to speak directly to one of our customer service representatives. our phone number is 1-866-306-3179. send us an email. contact us by sending an email to [email protected]. one of our customer service team members will get back in touch with you within 48 hours. chat live for fast assistance. connect with a customer service member via live chat during regular business hours. from the bottom navigation bar, select enter your name, email address, question and order number (if available) and click chat now. back to top pricing and payments jump to: price adjustments crocs coupon information and promotion codes payment options afterpay crocs gift cards shipping methods, rates & delivery estimates sales tax price adjustments yes, we price match! if an item you buy on our website drops in price within 14 days of your original purchase, we will honor the new online price at your request. the price adjustment will be issued with proof of purchase via a refund back onto your original form of payment. this price match offer is only valid on purchases made on crocs.com and we will only match prices listed on the crocs website. no refunds or store credit will be given for free items, only a coupon for your next order. items marked “final sale” cannot be returned or exchanged and are not subject to price adjustments. crocs reserves the right to change this policy at any time. back to top crocs coupon information and promotion codes crocs™ coupon and promotional codes need to be applied in the cart prior to checking out. you can apply your coupon or promotional code in the "promo or coupon code" field on the left side of the cart, under the list of shoes being ordered. make sure to hit the apply button in order to ensure your coupon is applied appropriately. once applied, you will see the price change in the cart. looking for a coupon code? see our latest offers. we are not able to apply coupons once orders are placed. we do want you to enjoy your discount at crocs.com and hope that you'll hold on to the coupon code for a future order. if your coupon code is valid for a short time, you can watch for new promotions and discounts by signing up for our newsletter. ** please note that there may be an exclusions list for certain coupons or promotional codes. this information can be found after you apply the coupon. under the pricing area, you will see your coupon applied with a details link next to it that will list any applicable exclusions for your convenience. ** usually, if a coupon code isn't working, it's been entered incorrectly or has expired. please check your coupon code for the following: coupon codes are often case sensitive, so be sure you're entering it in the proper case. also, double-check to ensure you're typing the numbers and letters in the correct order. most coupon codes cannot be combined with other coupon codes or site offers and promotions. your coupon code may have expired. if the coupon code has expired, you'll receive an "expired promo code" error message under the coupon and promo code box. some coupon codes are valid only on specific styles and will not work with non-qualifying styles. you can check coupon or promotional exclusions with the details link once the coupon is applied in your cart. back to top payment options we currently accept the following payment methods: visa mastercard american express discover jcb crocs gift cards paypal applepay at this time we do not accept any other forms of payment. back to top afterpay what is installments by afterpay? installments by afterpay is a service that allows you to make purchases now and pay for them in four payments made every 2 weeks without any interest. how do i use installments by afterpay? simply shop online and add items to your shopping bag and checkout as normal. at the checkout choose installments by afterpay as your payment method. first-time customers will need to register with afterpay and provide payment details, as usual, returning customers simply log in to make their purchase. it's that easy! please note that all items in your shopping bag must be eligible for installments by afterpay. you must meet additional eligibility requirements to qualify. where can i use installments by afterpay? installments by afterpay can only be applied to purchases made on crocs.com. can i use installments by afterpay if i'm an international customer? afterpay is only offered to our customers who have a us billing address, us shipping address, a us visa or mastercard (credit or debit card), and a us mobile phone number. customers with international billing addresses, shipping addresses, and/or phone numbers will not be able to set up an account with afterpay. how does the payment schedule work? all customers are required to make their first payment at the time of purchase, with the remaining three payments deducted every two weeks from your chosen payment method. if you choose to make additional payments before your scheduled pay dates, you may do so through your afterpay account. you can log in to your afterpay account to view your payment schedule and make a payment before the due date if you choose to do so. where can i find common questions about payment? check out the afterpay payments faq. when will my items be delivered if i use installments by afterpay? afterpay orders are delivered as per our standard shipping time frame after you complete your order online. visit our shipping page for more information by clicking here. is there a limit to how much i can spend on a single transaction? yes, transaction values are limited to $1000 per purchase made on crocs.com using installments by afterpay. what products are not eligible for purchase using installments by afterpay? afterpay is not available on purchases of gift cards. if you are purchasing gift cards along with afterpay eligible products, you will need to place two separate orders. how do i return or exchange an item purchased using installments by afterpay? if you have changed your mind, you can return your afterpay purchase in-store or by mail for a refund. please check that your return or exchange meets our return policy here. afterpay will be notified of your return and will process the appropriate refunds. please do not return your purchase to afterpay. if you believe there is fault or concern with your afterpay purchase payment, please contact afterpay customer support at [email protected] where can i find out more about afterpay? if you would like to know more about afterpay, visit the afterpay website www.afterpay.com for a comprehensive list of faqs, terms, purchase payment agreement as well as afterpay's privacy policy which can be found at www.afterpay.com/privacy-policy. if you have any questions about your afterpay account, please contact afterpay directly via a web form found here. back to top crocs gift cards gift card sales are available in the form of e-gift card by clicking here. both physical and e-gift cards are redeemable on crocs.com and in stores. all purchased products that are unworn and unwashed have a 45 day return window from the order date. for more information about crocs gift cards, please see gift card terms. back to top shipping methods, rates & delivery estimates economy $6.99 flat rate or free on orders over $44.99 (not including taxes and after discounts) via ups or usps. orders ship within 1-2 days of order date. transit time varies from 1-7 days based on distance from dayton, oh. delivery times to ak, hi, po boxes, pr, vi, or apo/fpo/dpo may take longer. standard ground $9.99 flat rate or $4.99 for orders over $44.99 (not including taxes and after discounts). orders ships via ups. orders ship within4-5 business day. add 1-5 business days for transit and final delivery. not available to po boxes, ak, hi, pr, vi, or apo/fpo/dpo addresses. saturday delivery is not available. express 2-day $19.99 flat rate or $14.99 for orders over $44.99 (not including taxes and after discounts. orders ship via ups. because of reduced staff and social distancing procedures for the health and safety of our employees, we’re seeing slight delays in express order shipments and can't guarantee 2-day delivery. transit time will be 2 days from receipt of your shipping confirmation email. not available to po boxes, pr, vi, or apo/fpo/dpo addresses. saturday delivery is not available. express next day $29.99 flat rate or $19.99 for orders over $44.99 (not including taxes and after discounts. orders ship via ups. because of reduced staff and social distancing procedures for the health and safety of our employees, we’re seeing slight delays in express order shipments and can't guarantee next day delivery. transit time will be one day from receipt of your shipping confirmation email. not available to po boxes, pr, vi, or apo/fpo/dpo addresses. saturday delivery is not available. back to top sales tax sales tax is calculated according to the ship-to address for orders placed on crocs.com. if the ship-to state has a sales tax and no exemptions for footwear or clothing, sales tax will be applied at the full state/city/county and any other special district taxes. back to top product info & warranty jump to: caring for your crocs product warranty recycling crocs shoes what are crocs molded clogs made of? slip resistance replacement parts caring for your crocs how to clean your crocs cleaning your crocs is easy and only takes a few items to get them looking and feeling new again. croslite™ material for classic clogs, slides, and other styles made only with our signature croslite™ foam material, hand wash or spot clean with mild soap and cold water or use your washing machine’s gentle cycle. leather crocs styles for leather crocs styles, gently clean with a soft rubber sponge or slightly damp rag. use a leather cream to restore shine and a protector spray to repel water. if your crocs are made with smooth napa leather, remove dust and dirt with a damp rag, then use a cotton brush to apply a natural waxy shoe cream or wax. apply slowly in spiral manner. patent leather crocs can be gently wiped off with a clean damp cloth or a professional product designed specifically to clean patent leather. avoid the use of harsh chemicals such as alcohol, detergent or liquid as they will remove the shine and luster from your shoes. standard leather crocs without a finish can be gently cleaned with a damp rag or brush. simply apply a waxy shoe cream, then polish with soft brush or cotton rag to maintain a natural luster. wedges and heels to clean synthetic wedges and heels, spot clean with a damp cloth to remove dust and dirt. avoid solvent cleaners wherever possible as these may destroy the glue used to bond the sole. suede or wool for suede or wool crocs, gently clean the upper with a soft wire or plastic brush then apply a waterproofing spray. for crocs with fleece, clean with mild soap and a damp rag or use your washing machine’s gentle cycle with as little heat as possible. canvas styles for elastic, stretch material, and canvas styles such as the santa cruz, treat with mild soap and use a damp rag or soft brush to remove dirt, debris or stains. air dry after cleaning, all styles should be air dried only. exposure to extreme heat, sun, dishwashers, washing machines, or hot cars can cause the shoes to shrink or warp. back to top product warranty limited warranty crocs, inc. (“crocs”) warrants all of its crocs™ products (the “products”), purchased by consumers either directly from crocs or from crocs’ authorized resellers (including authorized retail and internet-based sellers), to be free from manufacturing defects for 90 days from the date of purchase. this warranty does not extend to products supplied/sold by unauthorized vendors, whether internet-based or otherwise. this warranty does not apply to any defects in the products arising from normal usage, fair wear and tear, damage by you, or any alteration or repair carried out without our approval. under no circumstances shall crocs be liable for any special, incidental, or consequential damages based upon breach of this limited warranty, breach of contract or strict liability. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. there are no warranties which extend beyond those indicated herein. any implied warranties that may be applicable to the products, including implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are limited in duration to the duration of this warranty. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. if your product develops a defect while under warranty, you should contact crocs as indicated below, and any defective product, at crocs’ instruction, may be returned to the below address for an exchange or refund with receipt or proof of purchase. if you do not have a receipt or it is past the 90-day window, we cannot replace your item, but we would love to help you find a new pair. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. crocs, inc. attn: customer service 7477 east dry creek parkway niwot, co 80503 usa phone:	1-866-306-3179 email:	[email protected] web:	https://www.crocs.com/customer-service/contact-us.html back to top recyling crocs shoes crocs, inc. and soles4souls have partnered to provide the opportunity to recycle your lightly worn crocs shoes, so that they can be used in a "second life." once soles4souls receives your shoes, they will clean them and donate them to people who need shoes in impoverished nations around the world. back to top what are crocs molded clogs made of? crocs shoes made entirely of croslite™ material do not contain latex. crocs shoes that are not made entirely of croslite™ material may contain other products within legal limits. see individual product pages for details. back to top slip resistance certain crocs™ shoes offer crocslock™ tread, which provides slip-resistance that meets or exceeds industry standards. please note that while they are slip-resistant, they are not completely slip-proof. please use general caution, as you would in any other shoe. back to top replacement parts we do not currently replace straps, rivets, or liners. if you believe there is a quality issue with your item, we will make it right. items may be returned for an exchange or refund within 90 days with receipt or proof of purchase. if you do not have a receipt or it is past the 90-day window, we cannot replace your item, but we would love to help you find a new pair. back to top track order or return items order number * (ex: 00001234cus) what's this? locating your order confirmation number billing last name * view order details have a crocs account? login to see your orders need help? detailed return instructions we could not find the order. please try again. go back contact customer service contact us chat get personal help from a team member. 💬chat online 💬chat offline 📞  call or text us at 1-866-306-3179 online offline working hours: hours of operation: mon - thurs monday through thursday 24 hours 24 hours fri friday closes at 5 pm et closes at 5 p.m. eastern time sat - sun saturday through sunday closed closed  store locations find a crocs retail store near you. search stores ✉ email us for quicker service, please use our chat or see our frequently asked questions. responses to messages sent via email may be delayed at this time. send email ✉ mail drop us a line with your comments, concerns, or compliments. crocs retail, llc. 13601 via varra broomfield, co 80020 usa risk free shopping free shipping valid on economy shipping method on all orders over $44.99. free returns change your mind? no problem. our free return process makes it easy. crocs guarantee crocs™ products are covered by a 90-day warranty. your information is secure 100% secured transaction using ssl encrypted connection. get the latest scoop on new arrivals, sales, special offers and receive 15% off* your next purchase. enter your email address submit stay connected email 💬chat 💬chat offline my account + open order status sign in / sign up crocs club shop crocs + open shop all sale gift cards student discount store directory store locator help + open customer service faqs returns order status shipping contact us size chart company + open stories collaborations about crocs careers investor relations affiliate program wholesale inquiries bulk orders ca supply chains act contact customer service hours of operation: mon - thurs monday through thursday 24 hours 24 hours fri friday closes at 5 pm et closes at 5 p.m. eastern time sat - sun saturday through sunday closed closed © crocs retail, llc privacy (updated 2/1/20) terms ad choices site map do not sell my personal information accessibility about please select a country loading...