来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231202321/https://www.crocs.com/customer-service/terms-of-use.html
================================================================================

crocs.com terms of use skip to main content take an extra 25% off sale items. shop now free shipping on orders $44.99+ and free returns on all orders! sign up for 15% off! menu women ▻ men ▻ kids ▻ jibbitz™ charms ▻ crocs at work™ ▻ sale ▻ featured ▻ my account 👤 🌎 crocs purpose 👤 sign in / register 0 items in your wish list. wish list gift cards  store locator crocs club order status returns customer service 📞 call 💬 chat 💬 chat offline search 🔎 ␡ close search 🔎 search best sellers crocband™ clog women’s kadee slingback bayaband flip my account 👤 0 items in your wish list.  0 25% off when you sign up email sign up ␡ close get the latest scoop on new arrivals, sales, special offers and receive 15% off your next purchase. birthday (optional) month day email address submit « back customer service crocs.com terms of use crocs.com terms of use effective date of this version: february 1, 2020. thank you for visiting crocs.com. this website is owned and operated by crocs retail, llc., located at 13601 via varra broomfield, co 80020. your access to and use of this website is subject to the following terms of use and all applicable laws. terms of use covers: agreement definitions privacy policy minors product and services information ownership trademarks responsibility for user-generated content posted on or through this website removal of user-generated content your feedback links to other sites no warranties exclusion of liability your obligations you indemnification obligations modification and discontinuation entire understanding severability and non-waiver law and jurisdiction sms terms and conditions contacting us agreement access to and use of this website and its content are subject to all applicable laws and regulations and to these terms of use. by accessing, browsing, and shopping at this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms of use, which form a legally binding agreement. if you do not agree, please exit this website. these terms of use may be changed by us from time to time without specific notice to you. the latest terms of use will be posted on the website, and you should always review these terms of use prior to using the website to ensure that you have a current understanding of the terms of use under which you are permitted to access this website. if you cannot access the terms of use via the internet, we can provide a copy of the most recent terms of use by email upon request. please email us at the email address listed at the end of these terms of use. access to this website (or portions thereof) and the use of information, materials, products, or services provided through this website (or portions thereof), is not intended, and is prohibited, where such access or use violates applicable laws or regulations. back to top definitions the term “content” refers to all of the software and code comprising or used to operate this website, and all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video and audio-video clips, and other materials available on this website. the terms “crocs,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to crocs retail, llc. the term “feedback” refers to the content you post on or through this website that is specifically about how we can improve this website and the products and services we make available through this website. the term “personal information” refers to information that identifies you or is reasonably linkable to you. examples of personal information include your name, address, and email address, as well as identifiers associated with the device(s) you use to visit the website. the term “terms of use” refer to these terms of use. the term “user-generated content” refers to all of the text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, sound recordings, video, audio-video clips, and other material that you post on or through our website using the social networking tools we make available to you and that does not constitute feedback. one way that user-generated content differs from other information you provide to us is that, once submitted, user-generated content is made available instantaneously to others. examples of user-generated content are information you provide as part of a promotion and comments you make in response to a blog or social media post; feedback is also considered user-generated content. the term “website” refers to crocs.com, including the crocs online store, which is owned and operated by crocs retail, llc. the terms “you” and “your” mean any user of this website. back to top our privacy policy by agreeing to these terms of use, you agree to the terms of our privacy policy. before using this website please read it carefully. all personal information that we collect from or about you will be handled in accordance with our privacy policy. back to top minors this website is a business and commercial site. as such, it is not intended for children or minors under the age of 18. back to top product & services information all references on this website to information, materials, products, and services apply to information, materials, products and services available in the countries or jurisdictions specified with respect to such information only, unless otherwise stated. nothing in this website constitutes an offer to buy or sell our products or services in any jurisdiction. back to top ownership unless otherwise indicated, this website and all of its content are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary (including, but not limited to, intellectual property) laws, including without limitation those of the united states, and all content and intellectual property rights therein are the property of crocs or the material is included with the permission of the rights owner and is protected pursuant to applicable copyright and trademark laws. all rights reserved. the posting of any content on this website does not constitute a waiver of any right in such content. you do not acquire ownership rights to any content viewed through this website. except as otherwise provided herein, none of this content may be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, modified, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without our express prior written permission. permission is hereby granted to the extent necessary to lawfully access and use this website and its content to display, download, archive and print in hard copy, portions of this website on a temporary basis and for your individual use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain any and all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. back to top trademarks the crocs logo, all product names, all page headers, all custom graphics, all button icons, all trademarks, service marks and logos appearing on this website, unless otherwise noted, are service marks, trademarks (whether registered or not) and/or trade dress of crocs (the “marks”). all other trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress mentioned, displayed, cited or otherwise indicated on the website are the property of their respective owners. you are not authorized to display or use the marks in any manner without our prior written permission. you are not authorized to display or use trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress of other owners without the prior written permission of such owners. the use or misuse of the marks or other trademarks, product names, company names, logos, service marks and/or trade dress or any other materials contained herein, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited. back to top responsibility for user-generated content posted on or through this website you are responsible for user-generated content, e.g., reviews of products that are available on the website, that you post. under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any user-generated content. this means that you, not crocs, are entirely responsible for all user-generated content that you post and that you can be held personally liable for comments that are defamatory, obscene, or libelous, or that violate these terms of use, an obligation of confidentiality, or the rights of others. if any part of the user-generated content you post is not your original work, it is your responsibility to obtain any necessary permission to post it. because we do not control the user-generated content posted on or through this website, we cannot and do not warrant or guarantee the truthfulness, integrity, suitability, or quality of that user-generated content. you also agree and understand that by accessing this website, you may encounter user-generated content that you may consider to be objectionable. we have no responsibility for any user-generated content, including without limitation any errors or omissions therein. we are not liable for any loss or damage of any kind you may claim was incurred as a result of the use or dissemination of any user-generated content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available on or through this website. the user-generated content posted on or through this website expresses the personal opinions of the individuals who posted it and does not necessarily reflect the views of crocs or any person or entity associated with crocs. you own user-generated content, but we may use it. you own the copyright in any original user-generated content you post. we do not claim any copyrights in user-generated content. however, by using this website you are granting us and our subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns, a nonexclusive, fully paid, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable license (with the right to sublicense through unlimited levels of sublicensees) to use, copy, modify, distribute, publicly display and perform, publish, transmit, remove, retain repurpose, and commercialize user-generated content you post in any and all media or form of communication whether now existing or hereafter developed, without obtaining additional consent, without restriction, notification, or attribution, and without compensating you in any way, and to authorize others to do the same. for this reason, we ask that you not post any user-generated content that you do not wish to license to us, including any photographs, videos, confidential information, or product ideas. we may disclose and/or remove user-generated content. crocs has certain rights. we have the right (but do not assume the obligation) to: monitor all user-generated content; require that you avoid certain subjects as we determine in our sole and absolute discretion; remove or block any user-generated content at any time without notice at our sole and absolute discretion; disclose any user-generated content and the identity of the user who posted it in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal demand, to prevent or investigate a possible crime or other violation of law, to protect the rights of crocs or others, to enforce these terms of use, or as otherwise permitted by applicable law; and terminate your access to and use of this website, or to modify, edit or block your transmissions thereto in our sole and absolute discretion. you agree that our exercise of such discretion shall not and does not render us the owners, authors, or creators of user-generated content you post, and that you will retain ownership thereof and responsibility for such content as described in these terms of use. restrictions on user-generated content. it is a condition of these terms of use that you do not: upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any user-generated content that is unlawful, harmful, hateful, threatening, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, racially disparaging, indecent, or invasive of another’s privacy; any user-generated content that constitutes or encourages activity that may violate criminal or civil law; any user-generated content that is false, misleading, or fraudulent; any user-generated content that you do not have a right or permission to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information or proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements); any user-generated content that violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including user-generated content which violates the patent rights, copyrights, trademark rights, privacy rights, publicity rights, trade secret rights, confidentiality rights, contract rights, or any other rights of any individual, living or deceased, or any legal entity; any user-generated content that contains the image, name or likeness of anyone other than yourself, unless (i) that person is at least eighteen years old and you have first obtained his/her express permission or (ii) that person is under eighteen years old but you are his/her parent or legal guardian; any request for or solicitation of any personal or private information from any individual; any request for or solicitation of money, goods, or services for private gain or unlawful purposes; any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or that may otherwise compromise the security, integrity, and availability of the crocs site or information thereon; or any user-generated content that contains advertising, promotions or marketing, or which otherwise has a commercial purpose; impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; or violate any local, state, national or international law, rule or regulation. by posting user-generated content, you represent and warrant that (i) you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the user-generated content and have the right to grant the license set forth in these terms of use; (ii) the user-generated content is accurate, and (iii) you are at least eighteen years old and you have read and understood—and your user-generated content fully complies with—these terms of use and applicable laws and will not cause injury to any person or entity. back to top removal of user-generated content in general. on certain pages of this website, we may provide to you a tool to report objectionable user-generated content. if that tool is not available, you can report objectionable user-generated content by contacting us using the information provided below. while we do not have any obligation to remove any user-generated content from this website merely because of a removal request, we will review all such requests and will remove user-generated content that we determine should be removed, in our sole and absolute discretion and in accordance with these terms of use and applicable law. please be aware, however, that if the user-generated content has already been distributed to other websites or users or published in other media, we will not be able to recapture and delete it. also, a back-up or residual copy of the user-generated content we remove from this website may remain on back-up servers. violation of copyrights. crocs does not knowingly violate or permit others to violate the copyrights of others. we will promptly remove or disable access to material that we know is infringing or if we become aware of circumstances from which infringing activity is apparent. if you are requesting removal of content because of a violation of your copyrights, please note that the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (the “dmca”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under u.s. copyright law. if you believe that your own work, or the work of a third party for whom you are authorized to act, is featured on this website or has been otherwise copied and made available on this website in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please notify us immediately. your notice must be in writing and must include: an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on this website (including the url, title and/or item number if applicable, or other identifying characteristics); your name, address, telephone number, and email address, and, if you are not the owner of the copyright, the name of the owner; and a written statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. your statement must be addressed as follows: copyright agent crocs retail, llc. 7477 east dry creek parkway niwot, co 80503 [email protected] any notification by a copyright owner or a person authorized to act on its behalf that fails to comply with requirements of the dmca shall not be considered sufficient notice and shall not be deemed to confer upon us actual knowledge of facts or circumstances from which infringing material or acts are evident. back to top your feedback although we do not claim ownership of user-generated content you post using this website, the feedback you provide to us through this website will be and remains our exclusive property. your submission of feedback will constitute an assignment to us of all worldwide rights, title and interests in your feedback, including all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in your feedback. we will be entitled to reduce to practice, exploit, make, use, copy, disclose, display or perform publicly, distribute, improve and modify any feedback you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. for this reason, we ask that you not send us any feedback that you do not wish to assign to us. back to top links to other sites this website may contain links and/or advertisements to other websites maintained by us in addition to links to websites maintained by unrelated companies and persons. an advertisement of, or link to, a non-crocs website does not mean that we approve, endorse or accept any responsibility for that website, its content or use, or the use of products and services made available through such website. we are not responsible for the actions, content, accuracy, opinions expressed, privacy policies, products or services provided through these links or made available through these resources or appearing in such websites, nor for any damages or losses, directly or indirectly, caused or alleged to have been caused as a result of your use or reliance on such websites. such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy, completeness or conformance with applicable laws and regulations by us. we do not make any representations whatsoever, or give any warranties of any kind, expressed, implied, or otherwise about other websites which you may access through this website, the content thereof, or the products and/or services made available through such websites. if you decide to leave our website and access these other websites, you do so at your own risk. all rules, policies (including privacy policies) and operating procedures of such websites will apply to you while on such websites. back to top no warranties we make no representations or warranties with respect to this website or its content, which are provided for use "as is" and on an "as available" basis. we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including without limitation the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, quality and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to this website and any website with which it is linked. we do not warrant that this website, its servers or email sent from us will be free of any harmful components (including viruses). we also make no representations or warranties as to whether the information accessible via this website, or any website with which it is linked, is accurate, complete, or current. we do not provide any representations or warranties against the possibility of deletion, misdelivery or failure to store communications, personalized settings, or other data. you accept and agree that our shareholders, owners, officers, directors, employees and other representatives shall have the benefit of this clause. the information and all other materials on this website are provided for general information purposes only and do not constitute professional advice. it is your responsibility to evaluate (or take professional advice on) the accuracy and completeness of all information, statements, opinions and other material on this website or any website with which it is linked. your statutory rights as a consumer, if any, under federal and state law, including the state of new jersey, are not affected by these provisions, and we do not seek to exclude or limit liability for fraudulent misrepresentation. back to top exclusion of liability to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws we, on behalf of our officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers, and contractors, exclude and disclaim liability for any losses and expenses of whatever nature and howsoever arising including, without limitation, any direct, indirect, special, punitive, or consequential damages, loss of use, loss of data, loss caused by a virus, loss of income or profit, loss of or damage to property, claims of third parties, or other losses of any kind or character, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages or losses, arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or any website with which it is linked. you assume total responsibility for establishing such procedures for data back up and virus checking as you consider necessary. this limitation of liability applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract, negligence, tort, strict liability or any other basis. these terms of use give you specific legal rights and you may also have other rights which vary from country to country, and jurisdiction to jurisdiction. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, or certain kinds of limitations or exclusions of liability, so the limitations and exclusions set out in these terms of use may not apply to you. other jurisdictions allow limitations and exclusions subject to certain conditions. in such a case, the limitations and exclusions set out in these terms of use shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of such applicable jurisdictions. the limitations and exclusions set out in these terms of use are inapplicable within the state of new jersey to the extent they disclaim liability for crocs’ own negligent, willful, or intentional conduct, or violation of any clearly established duty owed by crocs to exercise reasonable care in preventing the unlawful acts of others. back to top your obligations you are responsible for providing and maintaining all personal computer and communications equipment and internet access accounts necessary to gain access to this website. in consideration of your use of the website, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself. your account, including your username and password, are personal to you and may not be used by anyone else. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and username and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or username by you or by anyone else using your username and password, whether or not authorized by you. you agree to immediately inform us of any apparent breaches of security such as loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of your username or password (contact crocs at [email protected]) and until we are so notified you will remain liable for any unauthorized use of your account. we may use personal information provided to us to detect and prevent payment abuse in order to protect the security of our customers. while our customer service team may, at times, make outbound calls to you for the purpose of verifying order information and relaying important information pertaining to your order, our questions will be limited to confirming information you provided in connection with your order. full payment card information will never be requested and should not be disclosed. if you have any questions pertaining to an outbound call you received from us, please contact crocs payments at 833-585-1459. you agree that we may invoice you and/or bill your credit card when we make the goods you purchased available for shipment at our distribution center and you agree to pay for such goods unless you return them pursuant to our return policy. for more information regarding your order, please visit our customer service homepage. you agree to use the website in a manner consistent with any and all applicable rules and regulations. you agree not to use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction methods to obtain data from the website. you also agree not to use bots or other automated methods to place orders through the website. crocs, may suspend you or terminate your account for exceeding rates, determined at crocs’ sole discretion, of gathering information from or placing orders through the website. you agree not to upload or transmit through the website any computer viruses, trojan horses, worms or anything else designed to interfere with, interrupt or disrupt the normal operating procedures of a computer. any unauthorized modification, tampering or change of any information, or any interference with the availability of or access to this website is strictly prohibited. crocs reserves all rights and remedies available to it. back to top your indemnification obligations you agree to indemnify, release and hold us harmless as well as our officers, directors, agents, representatives and employees from any claim, liability, loss, expense or demand, including legal fees, related to your violation of these terms of use or your access or use of this website (including any information, materials, products or services available through this website), or related to any user-generated content you post on this website. your indemnification obligation does not apply in the state of new jersey for any claim, liability, loss, expense or demand, including legal fees, arising out of crocs’ own negligence. back to top modification and discontinuation we reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify, edit, delete, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently this website (or any portion thereof) and/or the information, materials, products and/or services available through this website (or any part thereof) with or without notice. you agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, editing, deletion, suspension or discontinuance of this website. crocs reserves the right to update or modify these terms of use at any time, without prior notice. by using the website following any such change, you agree to follow and be bound by the terms of use as modified. back to top entire understanding these terms of use (together with our privacy policy, which is expressly incorporated herein) contain the entire understanding between you and us with respect to use of this website and no representation, statement, inducement, oral or written, not contained herein shall bind any party to this agreement. back to top severability and non-waiver our failure to enforce any provision of these terms of use shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision, and a waiver by us of any right under these terms of use on any occasion will not in any way constitute a waiver of such right under these terms of use or any other right on any other occasion. in the event any provision of these terms of use is determined to be invalid, such invalidity will not affect the validity of the remaining portions of these terms of use, and the parties will substitute for the invalid provision a provision which most closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the invalid provision. these terms of use will apply in lieu of and notwithstanding any specific legend or statement associated with any particular document or information exchanged. back to top law & jurisdiction these terms of use shall be subject to, governed by and construed under the laws of the state of colorado in the united states of america, without regard to conflict of law principles. this website is operated from the state of colorado and is intended to be accessed only by persons in the united states and canada. access to, or use of, this website or information, materials, products and/or services on this website may be prohibited by law in certain countries or jurisdictions. you are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you are accessing this website. you hereby consent and waive all objections to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the state of colorado and venue therein to resolve any controversy or claim of whatever nature arising out of or relating to use of this website. however, we retain the right to bring legal proceedings in any jurisdiction where we believe that infringement of this agreement is taking place or originating. back to top crocs sms terms and conditions important: the “dispute resolution and arbitration” section below requires you to arbitrate claims you may have against crocs, meaning you cannot bring claims against crocs in court, and confirms your agreement to a class action waiver in arbitration. it affects your legal rights. please read it carefully. what are crocs sms alerts? crocs sms alerts are recurring sms text messages that contain promotional or informational content. a promotional alert is a message that contains marketing information, such as a coupon or a notice that a product has become available. an informational alert is a message that contains transactional information, such as information about your recent crocs order. you will only receive promotional alerts if you have opted in to receive them. you may receive informational alerts, such as order updates, if you provide us with your mobile number when you, for example, place an order. how do i sign up for crocs sms alerts? you can sign up for promotional crocs sms alerts by texting crocs to 61088. you can also sign up for promotional crocs sms alerts by visiting https://www.crocs.com and opting in. you can still receive crocs goods and services even if you do not agree to receive, or opt out of receiving, crocs sms alerts. is it free? although all crocs sms alerts are complimentary, message and data rates may apply. depending on your sms message plan, your carrier may charge you for each message you send and receive. what if i don’t want to receive any more messages? to stop receiving all crocs sms alerts, simply text stop in reply to a text message or to the short code 61088. you may receive one final message confirming your opt-out. you can always opt back in. additionally, please let us know if you change or deactivate your mobile number. what if i want more info? to request more info, simply text help to the short code 61088, email [email protected], or call us at 1-866-306-3179. what are the participating carriers? most wireless carriers support crocs sms alerts, although various factors, including your equipment and weather, affect your ability to send a receive sms messages. mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. check with your wireless carrier if you have questions. how are the messages sent? we may use autodialer or non-autodialer technology to send crocs sms alerts. privacy notice and additional terms the crocs privacy policy, available here, and crocs.com terms of use, available here, apply to your participation in an sms alerts program. dispute resolution and arbitration please read this section carefully. it affects your legal rights, including your right to file a lawsuit in court. mandatory, bilateral arbitration. by opting into an sms alerts program, you and crocs agree to resolve any dispute arising out of, or relating to, crocs sms alerts, except for disputes that qualify for small claims court, by final and binding, bilateral arbitration before a neutral arbitrator instead of in a court by a judge or jury. you also agree that crocs and you are each waiving the right to sue in court and to have a trial by jury. you agree that any arbitration will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted and you are agreeing to give up the ability to participate in a class action. this agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted, and expressly includes claims brought under the telephone consumer protection act, 47 u.s.c. § 227, or any other statute, regulation, or legal or equitable theory. •	arbitration rules notwithstanding your and crocs’ agreement that colorado law governs interpretation and application of these terms generally, you further hereby agree that the federal arbitration act, 9 u.s.c. § 1, et seq., applies to this agreement to arbitrate, and governs all questions of whether a dispute is subject to arbitration. unless you and crocs agree otherwise in writing, the arbitration shall be administered by judicial arbitration and mediation services, inc. (“jams”), pursuant to jams streamlined arbitration rules and procedures (“jams streamlined rules”), as modified by this agreement, and consistent with jams policy on consumer arbitrations pursuant to pre-dispute clauses minimum standards of procedural fairness (“jams consumer fairness standards”). notwithstanding jams streamlined rule 8(b), you and crocs agree that any dispute as to the arbitrability of a claim brought by either you or crocs shall be resolved by a court of competent jurisdiction. •	the arbitrator’s decision the arbitrator will conduct hearings, if any, by teleconference or videoconference, rather than by personal appearances, unless the arbitrator determines upon request by you or by us that an in-person hearing is appropriate. any in-person appearances will be held at a location which is reasonably convenient to both parties with due consideration of their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances. if the parties are unable to agree on a location, such determination should be made by jams or by the arbitrator. the arbitrator’s decision will follow the terms of these terms and conditions, will consist of a written statement stating the disposition of each claim, will be final and binding, and will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. the arbitrator will have authority to award temporary, interim, or permanent injunctive relief or relief providing for specific performance of these terms and conditions, but only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim. judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court with jurisdiction. if you prevail in arbitration, you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable law. notwithstanding any of the foregoing, nothing in these terms and conditions will preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies, and, if the law allows, they can seek relief against us for you. back to top contacting us if you have any questions regarding these terms of use or any other matter, you may refer to our customer service page or email one of our friendly customer service specialists at [email protected]. you may also contact us at: crocs retail, llc 13601 via varra broomfield, co 80020 (303) 848-7000 back to top free shipping free economy shipping on all orders over $44.99. hassle free returns change your mind? no problem. our free return process makes it easy. 90-day warranty crocs™ products are covered by a 90-day warranty. secure transactions 100% secured transaction using ssl encrypted connection. join crocs club & get 25% off your next purchase signup for free download the crocs app download on the app store. get it on google play. sign into my account store locator united states instagram tiktok pinterest youtube twitter facebook crocs insiders crocs club collaborations & limited editions student discount teacher discount military discount healthcare discount affiliate program company about crocs crocs purpose careers investor relations bulk orders wholesale inquiries help order status & returns faqs size chart accessibility customer service hours of operation: mon monday opens at 9 am et opens at 9 a.m. eastern time tues - thurs tuesday through thursday 24 hours 24 hours fri friday closes at 5 pm et closes at 5 p.m. eastern time sat - sun saturday through sunday closed closed chat not available contact us site map terms | privacy (updated 2/1/20) | ad choices | do not sell my personal information | ca supply chains act © crocs retail, llc loading...