来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231202321/https://www.crocs.com/customer-service/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

crocs.com privacy policy skip to main content take an extra 25% off sale items. shop now free shipping on orders $44.99+ and free returns on all orders! sign up for 15% off! menu women ▻ men ▻ kids ▻ jibbitz™ charms ▻ crocs at work™ ▻ sale ▻ featured ▻ my account 👤 🌎 crocs purpose 👤 sign in / register 0 items in your wish list. wish list gift cards  store locator crocs club order status returns customer service 📞 call 💬 chat 💬 chat offline search 🔎 ␡ close search 🔎 search best sellers crocband™ clog women’s kadee slingback bayaband flip my account 👤 0 items in your wish list.  0 25% off when you sign up email sign up ␡ close get the latest scoop on new arrivals, sales, special offers and receive 15% off your next purchase. birthday (optional) month day email address submit « back customer service crocs.com privacy policy crocs.com privacy policy our privacy policy has recently changed. effective date of this version: march 17, 2021. crocs retail, llc (“crocs,” “we,” “us,” “our”) takes privacy matters seriously. this privacy policy describes the types of information crocs collects from and about you when you visit our website, our stores, our in-store kiosks, or otherwise interact with us (together, the “services”). this privacy policy also explains how we may use or share your information, and your choices about that use. when you use the services, or share your information with us, you agree to let crocs use your information as described in this privacy policy. you also agree to our terms of use. if you do not agree, please do not use the services. this privacy policy covers: types of information we collect how we collect your information how we use your information how we share your information your choices choices under the california consumer privacy act how we protect your information links to other sites children’s privacy privacy policy changes transferring data abroad governing law contacting crocs 1. types of information we collect when you use our services, we collect different types of information from and about you. this information includes: identifiers: information that identifies you directly. examples: full name, email address, social media account information, phone number, billing and/or shipping address, your ip address, and other data that identifies your online activity. commercial information: information about your purchases. examples: purchase history, products you’ve considered. online activity: limited information about how you use our services. examples: how you found our website (e.g., advertisements, search engines, bookmarks); how you interact with our website (e.g., pages you’ve viewed on our site, items you’ve searched for or added to your cart while on our site); the type of device and browser you’re using. geolocation information: information about where you are when you use the services. financial information: information about your payment methods with us, if applicable. examples: credit or debit card numbers. inferences: information we can determine or estimate about you based on information we collect about you. examples: purchase preferences, characteristics, potential future purchase behavior. user-generated content: information you post on the services. examples: comments or reviews about products. sms information: information about text messages. if you sign up for our text messaging program, cookies may be used to personalize your experience (e.g. send you personalized text messages such as shopping cart reminders). back to top 2. how we collect your information we collect the information described above from many different sources. sometimes, we collect information from you directly, like when you create an account or give us your credit card information to make a purchase. other times, we collect information from third parties. the following explains a little more about how we get this information. information you give us. if you create an account with our services, make a purchase, fill out a survey, sign up for emails, enter a contest, or review a product, you give us identifiers, user-generated content, and/or financial information. sometimes, you can choose not to give us information. for example, you don’t have to sign up for emails. but other times, we’ll need your information to be able to provide you with the services. for example, we need your billing and shipping information when you make a purchase. information we collect automatically. when you use our services, we automatically collect some information, such as identifiers, geolocation information, commercial information, online activity, and inferences. we collect some of this information using cookies or web beacons. these are small data files that your computer stores with information about your online activity and how you use the services. sometimes we collect this information from your browser to help improve your experience with the services, for example to keep track of items in your cart or remember your account preferences. you may have options to change your browser settings to choose how we can collect some of this information. information from social media. our services may give you the option to connect your social media profile to the services or your account. if you choose to do this, you give the social media site permission to share with us certain information about you, such as your email address and name. information from third parties. we use google analytics to better understand how you use our services. for more information, click here. we also use salesforce audience studio to understand how you use our services and to deliver more tailored marketing and promotions. for more information, click here. other third parties also give us information about your online activity, and some identifiers. back to top 3. how we use your information we use identifiers, commercial information, online activity, geolocation information, user-generated content, and financial information we collect for the following business purposes: tailoring your experience with the services fulfilling your purchases fulfilling contests or sweepstakes customer service getting your feedback improving our services security or fraud prevention we use identifiers, commercial information, geolocation information, online activity, and user-generated content for the following commercial purposes: contacting you with offers or promotions marketing and advertising we also use the information we collect through the services for other purposes, with your consent. we may not always ask for your permission when we use user-generated content for advertising purposes. we recommend being careful not to post any sensitive or confidential information in user-generated content. sometimes we automatically use your information, for example, when we need to fulfill your order. other times, we only use this information with your consent. for example, when you sign up for a contest or promotion, you consent to letting us use your information for that contest or promotion. back to top 4. how we share your information we share the information we collect with different third parties for different purposes. we share identifiers, commercial information, and limited online activity with the following third parties: advertising partners. to provide you with relevant advertising. we also provide select advertising partners and social media platforms with either personal information, aggregate or anonymous information (that does not identify you), or both to provide you with relevant advertising, or to limit the advertising you see on other sites or apps. storage providers. we store some of the information we collect from you with third-party storage providers. service providers. to help with promotions, service design, and conducting surveys. affiliates and subsidiaries. to allow you to access the benefits of loyalty, cashback, or other rewards sites you may be using. we share identifiers and financial information with the following types of entities: payment processors. to help process your payments. subsidiaries. to process orders with our subsidiaries. storage providers. we store some of the financial information we collect from you with third-party storage providers. when you post user-generated content, other users will be able to see that information. we may share your information with another business if we choose to sell, buy, or otherwise reorganize our business. we may also share your information with government officials, as necessary, to comply with legal requirements. we may also share your information with other third parties, when you have given your consent. back to top 5. your choices you have some choices about how we collect or use your information. the following explains some of those choices. do not track mechanisms. your browser may give you the option to turn on a “do not track signal.” our services do not respond to all do not track signals from all browsers, as we need to use some signals for internal uses, like completing your purchases. emails. you can unsubscribe from, or change your preferences for, our marketing emails. to do so, click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails. even if you unsubscribe, we may still send you some informational emails. for example, we will send you emails about orders you make or updates to our privacy policy or terms of use. account information. if you’ve made an account with our services, you can review and change the identifiers you provided to create your account. cookie opt-outs. when you use our services, we sometimes place cookies on your browser that allow us to show you advertising when you’re visiting other sites. you can click here to stop crocs from placing those cookies. we also place cookies to help us with your orders on the services. if you would like to place an order without using cookies, please contact customer service. third-party opt-outs. if you want to stop google analytics from collecting information about your visits, you can download the browser add-on available here. crocs will still receive information about your use of the services. if you want to limit how your online activity information is shared with us or other websites, click here. not all third parties will participate in this opt out mechanism. the opt out only applies to the device and browser that you are using when you opt out, so you will have to repeat the process for each of your devices or when you use a different browser. back to top 6. choices under the california consumer privacy act california residents have specific rights regarding their information. this section describes those rights and how to exercise them. selling information. in the past 12 months, crocs has sold or disclosed the following categories of personal information from california consumers: identifiers, online activity, financial information, and commercial information. crocs sells your information, as defined by california law when we share it with advertising vendors who use it to help us provide you with relevant advertising. we do not sell your information for any other purpose. we do not and will not knowingly sell personal information of minors who are younger than 16. requests. as a california resident, you can make the following requests: access requests. you can request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information in the past 12 months. once we receive and verify your request, we will give you the following information: the categories of personal information we collected about you. the categories of sources of personal information we collected about you. our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you. to make a request, click here. deletion requests. you can request that we delete the personal information that we collected from you. once we receive and verify your request, we will delete your personal information from our records. we are not required to delete information if we need to use it for the following: completing a transaction or contract with you. detecting security interests, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecuting people responsible for that activity. debugging our products to identify and repair errors to our services. exercising, and allowing others to exercise, free speech, or other legal rights. internal uses that align with your expectations. complying with a legal requirement. other internal and lawful uses consistent with the reasons you provided the information. to make a request, click here. sale opt-out requests. you have the right to tell us not to sell your personal information. if you choose to opt out of sale, it means that going forward we will not share your information with advertising vendors who use it to help us provide you with relevant advertising, unless you later tell us to do so. for more information about this right, and to make a request, click here. making requests. to make access or deletion requests, please click the links above, or call us at 1-866-306-3179. before completing your request, we need to verify your identity, or if someone else makes a request for you, verify that you have given them permission to make that request. we will send you a link to verify your email address. if the validation is not complete within 3 days, we will void your request and you will have to submit a new request. unless you make a request that is very difficult to respond to, we do not charge a fee to process your request. if your request requires a fee, we will tell you why, and give you an estimate of the cost. we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. back to top 7. how we protect your information we use reasonable administrative, physical, and technological measures to protect your personal information’s confidentiality and security as required by law. we cannot promise that your personal information is 100% secure. you use the services at your own risk. if we share information with a third party, we will use all reasonable efforts to make sure those third parties keep this information secure and only use it in the same way as we have described in this privacy policy. back to top 8. links to other sites you may be able to access other sites from our services. we recommend reading the privacy policies of these sites before using them. this privacy policy only applies to our services. back to top 9. children’s privacy you must be at least 18 years old to make an account or purchases on our services. we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose information from or about visitors under 13 years of age. back to top 10. privacy policy changes when we make any updates to our privacy practices, we will update this privacy policy. we recommend reviewing this privacy policy regularly. if you do not agree to any changes we make to this privacy policy, do not use our services. we will notify you if we make any material changes to this privacy policy. we may have other campaigns or promotions where other privacy practices or policies apply. we recommend reviewing these practices and policies before participating in these campaigns or promotions. back to top 11. transferring data abroad if you visit the services from a country other than the united states, you consent to us collecting, using, processing, storing, and transferring your personal information across international boundaries. back to top 12. governing law this privacy policy is subject to the laws of colorado. back to top 13. contacting crocs if you have questions about our privacy policy, please email us at [email protected], or contact us at: privacy manager crocs retail, llc 13601 via varra broomfield, co 80020 (303) 848-7000 you can also access our help center, or email one of our customer service specialists at [email protected]. back to top free shipping free economy shipping on all orders over $44.99. hassle free returns change your mind? no problem. our free return process makes it easy. 90-day warranty crocs™ products are covered by a 90-day warranty. secure transactions 100% secured transaction using ssl encrypted connection. join crocs club & get 25% off your next purchase signup for free download the crocs app download on the app store. get it on google play. sign into my account store locator united states instagram tiktok pinterest youtube twitter facebook crocs insiders crocs club collaborations & limited editions student discount teacher discount military discount healthcare discount affiliate program company about crocs crocs purpose careers investor relations bulk orders wholesale inquiries help order status & returns faqs size chart accessibility customer service hours of operation: mon monday opens at 9 am et opens at 9 a.m. eastern time tues - thurs tuesday through thursday 24 hours 24 hours fri friday closes at 5 pm et closes at 5 p.m. eastern time sat - sun saturday through sunday closed closed chat not available contact us site map terms | privacy (updated 2/1/20) | ad choices | do not sell my personal information | ca supply chains act © crocs retail, llc loading...