来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231071326/https://www.crocs.com/collaborations.html
================================================================================

limited edition collaborations & collections | crocs™ skip to main content accessibility statement free shipping on orders $49.99+ and free returns on all orders! join crocs club and get 15% off your next purchase, exclusive discounts, & more! sign up for crocs club & get 15% off! menu women ▻ men ▻ kids ▻ jibbitz™ charms ▻ crocs at work™ ▻ sale ▻ featured ▻ my account 👤 gift cards 👤 sign in / register 0 items in your wish list. wish list  store locator 🌎 crocs purpose crocs club order status returns customer service 📞 call 💬 chat 💬 chat offline search 🔎 ␡ close search 🔎 search best sellers classic clog classic lined clog classic crocs sandal my account 👤 0 items in your wish list.  0 15% off when you sign up you left something in your cart go to cart email sign up ␡ close join crocs club and get the latest scoop on new arrivals, sales, special offers and receive 15% off your next purchase. birthday (optional) month day email address submit crocs collaborations learn about our past collaborations with brands and artists, and check out our special limited-edition collections. designer collaboration . the crocs pollex clog is back again. featuring an eye-catching new mold created by innovative designer salehe bembury, this shoe works for wherever you are headed. learn more about salehe x crocs. artist collaboration . sza is back with another collab, and this time she is showing off her jeans on two new classics in the crocs line: the cozzzy sandal and crush clog. both are covered with distinct jibbitz™ charms that sza picked personally, looking good on top of denim-printed designs. learn more about sza x crocs. brand collaboration . rugged outdoor gear meets utilitarian fashion when it comes to the distinct and inimitable approach of japan’s grip swany. their ready for anything design chops takes our crocs to a whole new realm. artist collaboration . country music star luke combs is back with a fresh pair of fishing-inspired classic clogs. with a mossy oak® camo pattern and exclusive jibbitz™ charms, these are shoes fit for a real bootlegger—whether headed to a show or the shore. buy now. brand collaboration . the snack capital of the globe meets ultimate shoe convenience with the 7-eleven x crocs collab. trips to 7-eleven will never feel so fresh as in the new 7-eleven x crocs. drop in and don’t worry about the “ding” when you walk through the door. it’s how we celebrate your arrival. shop 7-eleven x crocs. brand collaboration . pleasures excites us with a primal scream, and this time around the team reworked our classic clog with two distinct looks; a black one with a skeleton foot on top that glows, and one in camo that has glowing bones on the insole. both shoes are ready for the halloween season and beyond. learn more about pleasures x crocs. jimmy kimmel x crocs . this is one pizza party you can take with you. the ingredients might not be edible but they’re definitely fresh. crocs has a new classic clog, and jimmy kimmel made the pizza a real party. together, we’re producing this pizza shoe to benefit the children’s hospital of la charity. learn more about jimmy kimmel x crocs. brand collaboration . who said bird brains were a bad thing? the great new york homing pigeon has shown itself to be better than gps, with feathers that shimmer like a 2nd ave pothole filled with grease water. while you might not be able to inherit the genes, you can snag the shoes—complete with trinkets and treasures of the ny streets. learn more about staple x crocs. brand collaboration . finally, the second drop of lightning mcqueen adult clogs everyone has been waiting for is here! with cars graphics and long-lasting leds that light up with each step, you’re bound to leave everyone else in the dust. learn more. designer collaboration . collaboration between crocs and mastermind japan, a brand from tokyo that boasts worldwide popularity, has been realized. the base was crocs' classic model, clog. a special pair that incorporates luxury elements in casual style was born. brand collaboration . crocs is stoked to team up with stance and work with a legend of the art world, b. thom stevenson. he approaches art with an inspiring joy and outsider’s eye that reverberates throughout their work. we are proud to collaborate with him on his floral stencil approach to a classic clog. learn more about stance x crocs. artist collaboration . double-platinum rapper and songwriter saweetie knows how to ice out her crocs with a streetwear-meets-glam style that keeps things sweet and salty all at once. her all new jibbitz™ pack takes her charm and lets it drip. buy now - saweetie x crocs. designer collaboration . with the salehe bembury x crocs pollex clog the future happens now. featuring an entirely new mold and a nature-inspired look, renowned footwear designer salehe bembury takes the classic clog to a place it’s never been. learn more. brand collaboration . step into a new dimension with crocs’ first ever lazy oaf collab. leaning into the brand’s outsider energy, these three silhouettes are fully loaded with giant jibbitz and alien elements to create the ultimate low effort, high impact shoe. new worlds now loading… artist collaboration . we are excited to offer two fresh takes on the classic clog and classic slide—complete with unique sza jibbitz™ charms that rep her personality and help ground her with personal peace. find your zen from your head to your toes with sza x crocs. learn more about sza x crocs. designer collaboration . 10 corso como and crocs collaboration! discover the collaboration with 10 corso como, a multi-cultural concept store that has been attracting attention from fashion people around the world since crocs, the global leader of an innovative casual footwear brand loved by men and women of all ages, started in milan, italy. brand collaboration . you’re in luck, the big apple spirit is splashed across our iconic classic clog like only jeff staple could. we are psyched to release the sidewalk luxe classic clog with staple, one of new york’s finest clothing brands, deeply rooted in street culture and design. from the pigeon coup to the sidewalk stoop, this is one classic you have to cop. artist collaboration . karol g x crocs serves up two distinct silhouettes to make you swoon. the karol g crocs classic clog remixes our icon with an exciting blend of her bold confidence and playful swagger. while the karol g mega crush clog steps things up even more, pushing your fashion-forward style to new heights. learn more about karl g. brand collaboration . crocs partnered with sankuanz in this exciting collaboration with the streetwear brand. this iteration of the classic clog is strapped into a protective outer shell for extra comfort, street style, and keeping your shoes free of wear and tear. see the full collection. designer collaboration . with the salehe bembury x crocs pollex clog the future happens now. featuring an entirely new mold and a nature-inspired look, renowned footwear designer salehe bembury takes the classic clog to a place it’s never been. learn more. brand collaboration . made for the mountains, styled for the streets. take the utilitarian japanese streetwear of beams and combine it with crocs comfort for the outdoors, and you have a practical, military-inspired all-terrain clog. available in two distinct styles; with either a removable pouch on the back or a web pocket and zip compartment on the front. learn more. brand collaboration . whet your appetite, because they’re back at it for the fourth time. la-based pleasures latest collaboration with crocs is the most striking yet, with two distinct options to lust after. the all-terrain clog uses a new reflective material with a sci-fi futuristic feel, while a blacked-out classic slide with custom pleasures jibbitz™ look straight from a band’s merch table. learn more. brand collaboration . our favorite sisters have cast a spell over our classic clog transforming it into an all hallows’ eve masterpiece. each clog is covered in an ombre glitter and mesmerizing jibbitz™ charms that will have you totally captivated. learn more brand collaboration . that’s right. we’ve teamed up with bretman rock to create an exclusive 5-pack of jibbitz™ charms that are 100% ‘da baddest’ thing you’ve ever seen. learn more brand collaboration . our love of hidden valley ranch knows no bounds. our ranchiest shoe ever looks just like, well, hidden valley ranch dressing. get inspired to take a dip with the included jibbitz™ charms featuring the famous condiment’s best accompaniments. learn more brand collaboration . the first collaboration between the street fashion brand this is never that® and crocs is a unique camo pattern that draws attention through the realtree® camo polage pattern and this is never that® unique logo to deliver a special sensibility. complete the look with this is never that® jibbitz™ (sold separately). brand collaboration . delightfully sunny and equally chill, this collaboration is full of west coast love. slip on the free & easy x crocs classic clog or classic slide and get some tasty waves. learn more brand collaboration . be proud to stand out in our second collaboration with g flip. this drop features a classic clog inspired by their favorite pair of crocs, plus a killer set of jibbitz™ charms representing special pieces of g flip’s life. brand collaboration . meet your favorite nongshim snacks in the form of a classic clog and jibbitz™ charms sets in our collaboration with the korean food brand! brand collaboration . the tune squad is back together with limited-edition space jam: a new legacy clogs in two versions, a classic and an all-terrain with extra jibbitz™ charms to get even more looney. learn more. brand collaboration . hello, gorgeous! put your best foot (and face) forward in our first collaboration with benefit cosmetics. featuring both the classic clog and the classic sandal, this collection is strikingly pink and covered in glitter and glamorous jibbitz™ charms. learn more. brand collaboration . our fourth collaboration with beams, japan’s iconic fashion boutique, takes our classic all-terrain clog and adds outdoor and military-inspired details in two styles that combine form for the street and function for utility. learn more. artist collaboration . come walk with us. our first collaboration with diplo features both a classic clog and a classic sandal, inspired by taking a walk through the woods. each pair boasts glow-in-the-dark and light-up jibbitz™ charms in case you wander too far. learn more. artist collaboration . pop band little big commands attention, so it’s only fitting that our collaboration did the same. you won’t be able to look away, and that’s the point! brand collaboration . in our first ever collaboration with atmos pink, the most iconic japanese shoe retailer, we took our classic bae clog and gave it a smidge of sneaker. both black and white colorways include a glitter treatment and shoelaces, making this collab even more awesome. brand collaboration . palace and crocs have partnered to create the palace crocs classic clog. designed for your comfort and embellished for your enjoyment, the palace crocs classic clogs feature an all-over desert camo print and eleven palace jibbitz™ charms. available through palace only. brand collaboration . finally, the much-anticipated drop of lightning mcqueen adult clogs everyone has been waiting for is here! with cars graphics and long-lasting leds that light up with each step, you’re bound to leave everyone else in the dust. learn more. artist collaboration . the second drop with justin bieber and drew house was the first of its kind. each pair of charmed-out clogs came with tall white socks to complete the cozy vibe. learn more. artist collaboration . designed by french electronic artist vladimir caucheamar these crocs have been designed to make your feet more attractive and better for walking. we cannot promise that they will make you faster, funnier, more desirable to others and an all-round better human person - but we have faith. artist collaboration . a great show always has an encore. inspired by a vintage grateful dead t-shirt, jibbitz™ charms include the famous dancing bears and rock climbing holds. learn more. artist collaboration . our fifth collaboration with post malone does a double take with two colorways. take your pick of pink or black, both in the duet max clog ii. learn more. brand collaboration . g flip rocks her crocs from awards shows to live shows—it was about time she created her own. in collaboration with this australian musician we designed a clog as vibrant as her personality adorned with one-of-a-kind jibbitz™ charms that fans are sure to rock at shows around the world. brand collaboration. don't miss this jibbitz™ charm collaboration with korean network, sandbox! enjoy all 5 jibbitz™ collections inspired by the larger than life personalities of five content creators. artist collaboration . luke combs is back, and this time with more fuzz. the luke combs x crocs classic lined clog features luke’s “skully” graphic, black fuzz lining, and new jibbitz™ charms. brand collaboration. repel down into these limited-edition nicole mclaughlin x crocs campsite classic clogs, the final piece in the project greenhouse collaboration. each pair of clogs is fashioned with functional gear you might really use after a climb with friends or at a campsite enjoying the great outdoors. learn more. brand collaboration . it wouldn’t be croc day 2020 without an over-the-top riff on the classic clog, because more is more, and croc day deserves something big. artist collaboration . justin bieber and crocs. it’s been a long time coming... this classic clog is inspired by bieber’s clothing brand, drew house, and its signature yellow color. learn more. artist collaboration . crocs teamed up with lifelong fan and latin trap superstar bad bunny to create one of the most anticipated collabs to date, complete with glow-in-the-dark jibbitz™ charms. brand collaboration . designer anwar carrots looks to move beyond the confines of a traditional fashion brand and finds a kindred spirit with his first collaboration with crocs. brand collaboration . crocs has once again partnered with los angeles-based pleasures for a new, limited-edition, mossy oak camo printed classic lined clog. learn more. brand collaboration . vibrant florals bring this collection of clogs, slides, and crocs at work™ styles to life in this second collaboration with vera bradley. brand collaboration . our latest collaboration with chinatown market is quite a trip. inspired by a vintage grateful dead t-shirt, jibbitz™ charms include the famous dancing bears and rock climbing holds. learn more. brand collaboration . crocs cares and chinatown market teamed up to give back. 100% of profits from these jibbitz™ pack sales will be donated to feeding america to secure meals on behalf of local member food banks. brand collaboration . the kentucky fried chicken x crocs collaboration channels the essence of 11 secret herbs and spices and looks like golden brown perfection. this classic clog also comes with three chicken-scented jibbitz™ charms that look and yes, smell, like a fried chicken drumstick. learn more. artist collaboration . our third collaboration with luke combs is the first of its kind. the debut shoe is not only the first classic crocs slide collaboration, but each pair comes equipped with a real guitar pick, perfect for kicking back all summer. artist collaboration . few people embody a “come as you are” attitude more than actor and model ruby rose. these crocs classic bae clogs feature a marbled treatment unique to every shoe with all the colors of the rainbow and distinctive pride laces to show off your most proud self. artist collaboration . in partnership with crocs global brand ambassador yang mi, we've combined yang mi's personal style into the design of 3 classic clogs, encouraging fans to be more confident and comfortable. brand collaboration . in a second collaboration, crocs and japanese clothing brand beams teamed up once again to create three fishing-inspired clogs complete with buckles, pockets, and waterproof materials. they’re quite the catch. learn more. brand collaboration . crocs joined south korean brand rare market to create this pair of chain-embellished classic clogs, featuring a colorful rare market chain backstrap. available in white and black. brand collaboration . crocs partnered with designer department store, liberty london, to create an elegant collection of classic clogs and enamel jibbitz™ charms. learn more. brand collaboration . classic clogs look great with jeans, so who better to collaborate with than denim and clothing brand, madewell? this exclusive tie-dye print is a breath of fresh air just in time for spring. brand collaboration . in the sweetest collaboration yet, crocs partnered with the lovable candy brand peeps® to create a collection of textured classic clogs topped with puffy peeps® chicks jibbitz™ charms. artist collaboration . post malone x crocs team up again for a new take on the classic clog. designed by post malone. learn more. artist collaboration . in collaboration with country music star luke combs, crocs launched a new classic clog. complete with fully functional bottle opener set off the orange backstrap. artist collaboration . renowned artist takashi murakami collaborated with crocs to add his bright, colorful style to the classic clog. sold exclusively at complexcon long beach. brand collaboration . for croc day 2019, crocs teamed up with pizzaslime once again for a classic clog loaded with glow-in-the-dark #crocdayislit jibbitz™ charms. brand collaboration . bold, distressed and ’90s-inspired, the ruby rose x crocs classic clog is truly a gem. brand collaboration . crocs teamed up with streetwear brand chinatown market to create a tie-dye and smiley® classic clog sold exclusively at complexcon chicago. artist collaboration luggage and handbag designer vera bradley provided inspiration for a set of timeless floral and paisley clogs, flats and slides. brand collaboration crocs joined hands with trendsetting platforms kiks & supbro for a limited edition shoe box and 5-pack jibbitz charms featuring old school graffiti and kiks motif. brand collaboration luxury department store barneys new york and crocs paired up for a series of high-fashion classic clogs. artist collaboration hip-hop superstar psy paired up with crocs for unique classic clogs and jibbitz™ charms. these were sold exclusively in korea. artist collaboration . crocs partnered with country music star luke combs for a stylish yet down-home classic clog. artist collaboration . award-winning music artist post malone partnered with crocs to create unique special-edition clogs and jibbitz™ charms. these were sold exclusively in australia. learn more. brand collaboration . crocs paired up with japanese clothing brand beams to create a series of clogs and sandals, including the pocket clog, featuring miniature fanny packs on the straps! learn more. limited-edition collection . just in time for the band’s historic end of the road tour, crocs partnered with kiss® for a collection of limited-edition clogs and jibbitz™ charms. brand collaboration . high-fashion designer vivienne tam provided bold inspiration for these colorful studded clogs featured at shanghai fashion week. brand collaboration . “now, with the well-heeled victories of several successful footwear collaborations under their belt, crocs is venturing into a new arena — handbags.” — new york post . brand collaboration . edgy streetwear brand left hand la paired up with crocs for a spectacularly girly glitter clog with colorful jibbitz™ charms built in. brand collaboration . “the polarizing foam clog brand has defied expectations by slowly but surely infiltrating the worlds of fashion and streetwear.” — highsnobiety . learn more. brand collaboration . “2019 may be the year of the pig, but it’s the year of the crocs over in california.” — hypebeast . artist collaboration . “this is one drop you definitely don’t want to sleep on; it’s practically guaranteed to sell out just like the last one.” — the source . learn more. artist collaboration . “believe it or not, the most coveted footwear drop of the year so far is a croc. post malone's crocs to be exact.” — vogue . learn more. brand collaboration . “crocs with built-in socks exist, proving to make your morning that much easier.” — bustle . limited-edition collection . “the company’s latest collab, dubbed drew barrymore crocs color-block collection, has us rethinking everything we knew about crocs…and the best part is, it’s affordable af.” — brit + co. . brand collaboration . “nowadays there are so many designer collaborations, it's very important to me that my partnerships stand out and mean something.” — christopher kane . free shipping free economy shipping on all orders over $49.99. hassle free returns change your mind? no problem. our free return process makes it easy. 90-day warranty crocs™ products are covered by a 90-day warranty. secure transactions 100% secured transaction using ssl encrypted connection. join crocs club & get 15% off your next purchase signup for free download the crocs app download on the app store. get it on google play. sign into my account store locator united states instagram tiktok pinterest youtube twitter facebook crocs insiders crocs club collaborations & limited editions student discount teacher discount military discount healthcare discount affiliate program company about crocs crocs purpose careers investor relations custom orders wholesale inquiries help order status & returns faqs size chart accessibility caring for your crocs customer service hours of operation: mon monday opens at 9 am et opens at 9 a.m. eastern time tues - thurs tuesday through thursday 24 hours 24 hours fri friday closes at 5 pm et closes at 5 p.m. eastern time sat - sun saturday through sunday closed closed chat not available contact us site map terms | privacy (updated 2/1/20) | ad choices | do not sell my personal information | ca supply chains act © crocs retail, llc loading...