来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231103722/https://www.crocs.com/customer-service/faqs.html
================================================================================

crocs customer service: frequently asked questions - crocs skip to main content accessibility statement spend $100+ and get$20 off your cart!save now free shipping on orders $49.99+ and free returns on all orders! sign up for crocs club & get 15% off! menu women ▻ men ▻ kids ▻ jibbitz™ charms ▻ crocs at work™ ▻ sale ▻ featured ▻ my account 👤 👤 sign in / register 0 items in your wish list. wish list  store locator crocs club order status returns customer service 📞 call search 🔎 ␡ close search 🔎 search best sellers classic clog classic lined clog classic crocs sandal my account 👤 0 items in your wish list.  0 15% off when you sign up you left something in your cart go to cart email sign up ␡ close join crocs club and get the latest scoop on new arrivals, sales, special offers and receive 15% off your next purchase. birthday (optional) month (mm) day (dd) email address submit home customer service crocs faqs customer service frequently asked questions you can find answers below or contact our team to help you. what is your question related to? your order if something isn't right pricing & payments product info & warranty contact customer service track order or return items order number * (ex: 00001234cus) what's this? locating your order confirmation number email address * view order details have a crocs account? login to see your orders need help? detailed return instructions looking for your customization order? custom order information we could not find the order. please try again. go back custom order tracking for customization order tracking information, please contact customer service by phone at 1-833-585-1459. go back your order jump to: order information and tracking canceling or changing an order locating your order confirmation number custom orders order information and tracking choose from two ways to easily track your crocs.com order. option 1: log in to track your order visit crocs.com and select ”sign in” from the top navigation bar. sign in. enter your registered email address and password and click sign in. under order history, select your order number. in the right column of the order details page, find track shipment and click the blue tracking number. your tracking information will display with the estimated delivery date and package travel history. option 2: track with order number and name click order status in the footer at the bottom of the home page. order status. enter your order number and your email address. (be sure to capitalize the cus at the end of the number. for example: 00123456cus.) click go. in the right column of the order details page, find track shipment and click the blue tracking number. your tracking information will display with the estimated delivery date and package travel history. need help? contact customer service at 1-866-306-3179 back to top canceling or changing an order changing your order orders cannot be changed once they have been placed. if applicable, please cancel your order within 30 minutes of submitting the order or return the items and place a new order. canceling your order you may cancel an order within 30 minutes of submitting. orders placed using crocs gift cards cannot be cancelled. for information about refunds or exchanges, please see our return instructions. back to top locating your order confirmation number locating your order confirmation number back to top custom orders how many units do i need to order? our minimum order quantity is 24 units per design for both custom clogs and custom jibbitz™ charms. this applies to all re-orders as well. how much does it cost to customize crocs? prices start at $70 for custom clogs and $5 for custom jibbitz can i customize a style other than the classic clog? currently, we only offer our white classic clog as a customizable option. please note the footbed, bottom sole and interior back strap remain white. can i upload my own design? you can choose from our pre-set templates then add your own logo or image to the shoe and the exterior of the back strap. be sure to make your image at least 300 dpi to avoid blurriness. what file types can i upload? you can upload images in the following formats: .ai, .eps, .pdf, .svg, .png or .jpg format. we recommend using .ai, .eps, .pdf or .svg. what file size can i upload? the minimum file size is 250 x 250 pixels. do you ship outside of the us? at this time crocs customization is only offered in the us. how does size selection work? after you complete your design, you can select your quantity for each size we offer. we offer m2 through m17 and w4 through w12 sizing for custom. please note, any jibbitz™ charm added to your clogs are pre-loaded into the shoes. crocs shoes come in full sizes. if you are between sizes, we recommend sizing up to the next whole size. how long does it take to receive my order? all orders are subject to crocs approval and we have the discretion to accept or reject orders for any reason. all orders are moderated after submission. approved orders will be sent to manufacturing upon approval. typical manufacturing times are 4 - 6 weeks. how long does moderation take? all orders are subject to our review moderation. review moderation takes up to 2-5 days. in some cases, we will need additional information from you to complete your order and will reach out to you via email. any order that requires further information from you that is not received within 15 days will be automatically rejected. can i cancel my order once it is placed? once you submit payment, we are unable to cancel orders. due to the nature of these items, unless they arrive damaged or defective, we can't accept returns or exchanges for any custom orders. how can i see the status of my order? orders take 4 to 5 weeks to produce. you will be notified if your order has been approved or rejected. you'll get another notification when it has shipped. what payment methods do you accept? our preferred payment method is credit card. we accept visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. we also accept check and ach wire transfers which may add to your processing time. we do not accept purchase orders. do you offer tax exemption for custom orders? yes, you will be required to provide your state certificate of exemption for your tax exemption status. do you have accessibility needs? call 1-866-306-3179 and a customer service representative can guide you through the customization experience. customer service opens at 9 am est on monday, it is available 24 hours tuesday through thursday, and closes at 5 pm est on friday. back to top if something isn't right jump to: returns shipping damage unable to locate shipment gift exchange reporting counterfeit or fake products unsubscribe from email newsletter and mobile text notifications contacting customer service returns return policy item(s) are available for return once they have shipped. a full refund, excluding shipping charges, will be issued on unworn and unwashed merchandise within 45 business days to the original form of payment. items that are beyond 45 days from that date will no longer be available for return. items marked "final sale" are not eligible for return or exchanged. products created for collaborations or special events cannot be returned online or in-store unless they're defective or flawed. our returns take up to 10-14 business days to process after we receive the package. please note that it may take additional time to post your account depending on your bank or financial institution. if there is a quality issue with your item, click here for our warranty policy. returning online orders want to return an online item? have your order number and billing zip code ready and follow our simple step-by-step instructions. steps include: letting us know the reason. no hard feelings! choose your preferred shipping method: ups pre-paid label: we'll provide a ups specific prepaid shipping label and packing slip. choose your own carrier: we'll provide you with a packing slip. return in store: find the nearest crocs store and return in person. review and print your return slip! please hold onto your tracking number for returning your package via mail. crocs is not responsible return packages that are not received by our facility. start your return or check your status at this time, we are unable to process returns. please check back later after we complete our maintenance. if you have any concerns, please reach out to our customer service agents. enter in your order number and email address below to view your return status. order number * (ex: 00001234cus) what's this? locating your order confirmation number email address * view order details have a crocs account? login to see your orders need help? detailed return instructions looking for your customization order? custom order information we could not find the order. please try again. go back custom order tracking for customization order tracking information, please contact customer service by phone at 1-833-585-1459. go back crocs reserves the right to change this return policy at any time. back to top shipping damage if you feel an item purchased at crocs.com was damaged during shipping, please contact customer service for an exchange or refund within 90 days of arrival. back to top unable to locate shipment if the shipment tracking status shows "delivered" and you are unable to locate the shipment we apologize for the inconvenience, but crocs is not responsible for the shipment becoming lost or stolen. back to top gift exchange unfortunately crocs™ currently cannot exchange any articles. the best way to receive a replacement is to initiate a return (click here for instructions) and to place a new order. back to top reporting counterfeit or fake products if you are unsure if a product you have seen or purchased is counterfeit, please contact us. please have a picture of the product in question available. you can also visit www.crocs.com for pictures of our products back to top unsubscribe from email newsletter and mobile text notifications to unsubscribe from mobile text notifications: find the text thread from crocs on your phone type in “stop” and send the text to the thread you will then receive a text confirmation that you are unsubscribed from messaging. to unsubscribe from the email newsletter: scroll to the bottom of the most recent crocs newsletter click on “unsubscribe” you will then be redirected to a page confirming that you have been unsubscribed from the newsletter. back to top contacting customer service our customer service team is happy to assist with questions you have about crocs™ and our products. you can reach us in three convenient ways: call us for help. contact us by phone to speak directly to one of our customer service representatives. our phone number is 1-866-306-3179. chat live for fast assistance. connect with a customer service member via live chat during regular business hours. from the bottom navigation bar, select enter your name, email address, question and order number (if available) and click chat now. back to top pricing and payments jump to: crocs coupon information and promotion codes payment options afterpay crocs gift cards shipping methods, rates & delivery estimates sales tax eql crocs coupon information and promotion codes crocs™ coupon and promotional codes need to be applied in the cart prior to checking out. you can apply your coupon or promotional code in the "promo or coupon code" field on the left side of the cart, under the list of shoes being ordered. make sure to hit the apply button in order to ensure your coupon is applied appropriately. once applied, you will see the price change in the cart. looking for a coupon code? see our latest offers. we are not able to apply coupons once orders are placed. we do want you to enjoy your discount at crocs.com and hope that you'll hold on to the coupon code for a future order. if your coupon code is valid for a short time, you can watch for new promotions and discounts by signing up for our newsletter. coupon codes issued by crocs.com or crocs online customer service are for use only on crocs.com and cannot be used in crocs owned stores or on any other crocs owned website. ** please note that there may be an exclusions list for certain coupons or promotional codes. this information can be found after you apply the coupon. under the pricing area, you will see your coupon applied with a details link next to it that will list any applicable exclusions for your convenience. ** usually, if a coupon code isn't working, it's been entered incorrectly or has expired. please check your coupon code for the following: coupon codes are often case sensitive, so be sure you're entering it in the proper case. also, double-check to ensure you're typing the numbers and letters in the correct order. most coupon codes cannot be combined with other coupon codes or site offers and promotions. your coupon code may have expired. if the coupon code has expired, you'll receive an "expired promo code" error message under the coupon and promo code box. some coupon codes are valid only on specific styles and will not work with non-qualifying styles. you can check coupon or promotional exclusions with the details link once the coupon is applied in your cart. back to top payment options we currently accept the following payment methods: visa mastercard american express discover jcb crocs gift cards afterpay paypal applepay at this time we do not accept any other forms of payment. back to top afterpay what is installments by afterpay? installments by afterpay is a service that allows you to make purchases now and pay for them in four payments made every 2 weeks without any interest. how do i use installments by afterpay? just shop crocs.com or at any crocs store location and check out as usual. at checkout, choose afterpay as your payment method online or tap to pay in store with the afterpay card. online, you will be directed to the afterpay website to register and provide payment details (visa or mastercard). if you’ve used afterpay before, just log in to your afterpay account. then complete your order – it’s that easy! in store, access your afterpay card through the app and select “pay in-store now with apple pay or google pay”. tap to pay and take home your purchase today! please note that all items in your shopping bag must be eligible for afterpay. you must meet additional eligibility requirements to qualify. how do i use afterpay to check out in stores? it’s easy to use. simply download the afterpay mobile app, follow the prompts to set up the afterpay card and add it to your digital wallet, and use your afterpay card with apple pay or google pay to make a contactless payment at check out! where can i use installments by afterpay? installments by afterpay can be applied to purchases made online on crocs.com or in-store. can i use installments by afterpay if i'm an international customer? afterpay is only offered to our customers who have a us billing address, us shipping address, a us visa or mastercard (credit or debit card), and a us mobile phone number. customers with international billing addresses, shipping addresses, and/or phone numbers will not be able to set up an account with afterpay. how does the payment schedule work? all customers are required to make their first payment at the time of purchase, with the remaining three payments deducted every two weeks from your chosen payment method. if you choose to make additional payments before your scheduled pay dates, you may do so through your afterpay account. you can log in to your afterpay account to view your payment schedule and make a payment before the due date if you choose to do so. where can i find common questions about payment? check out the afterpay payments faq. when will my items be delivered if i use installments by afterpay? online afterpay orders are delivered as per our standard shipping time frame after you complete your order online. visit our shipping page for more information by clicking here. to take your purchase home today, you can use afterpay as your payment method in any crocs store location! is there a limit to how much i can spend on a single transaction? yes, transaction values are limited to $1000 per purchase made on crocs.com or at a crocs store location using installments by afterpay. what products are not eligible for purchase using installments by afterpay? afterpay is not available on purchases of gift cards. if you are purchasing gift cards along with afterpay eligible products, you will need to place two separate orders. how do i return or exchange an item purchased using installments by afterpay? if you have changed your mind, you can return your afterpay purchase in-store or by mail for a refund. please check that your return or exchange meets our return policy here. afterpay will be notified of your return and will process the appropriate refunds. please do not return your purchase to afterpay. if you believe there is fault or concern with your afterpay purchase payment, please contact afterpay customer support at [email protected]. where can i find out more about afterpay? if you would like to know more about afterpay, visit the afterpay website www.afterpay.com for a comprehensive list of faqs, terms, purchase payment agreement as well as afterpay's privacy policy which can be found at www.afterpay.com/privacy-policy. if you have any questions about your afterpay account, please contact afterpay directly via a web form found here. back to top crocs gift cards both physical and e-gift cards are redeemable on crocs.com and in crocs-owned stores. for more information about crocs gift cards, please see gift card terms. back to top shipping methods, rates & delivery estimates economy free economy shipping on footwear styles for all crocs club members. must create an account and login to redeem. $7.99 flat rate or free on orders over $49.99 (not including taxes and after discounts). free shipping is valid on all orders with a pre-tax subtotal of $49.99 or more; other discounts applied to your order could change your subtotal. exclusions apply orders ship within 2-4 days of order date. transit time estimated to be 5-6 business days from receipt of your shipping confirmation email. delivery times to ak, hi, po boxes, pr, vi, or apo/fpo/dpo may take longer. standard ground $9.99 flat rate or $4.99 on orders over $49.99 (not including taxes and after discounts). orders ships via ups. orders ship within 1-3 days from order date. transit time estimated to be 2-5 business days from receipt of your shipping confirmation email. saturday delivery is not available. not available to po boxes, pr, vi, or apo/fpo/dpo addresses. express 2-day $21.99 flat rate or $18.99 on orders over $49.99 (not including taxes and after discounts). orders ship via ups. orders ship within 1 business day from order confirmation, m-f for orders placed by 11am est. transit time estimated to be 2 business days from receipt of your shipping confirmation email. saturday delivery is not available. not available to po boxes, pr, vi, or apo/fpo/dpo addresses. express next day . transit time will be 1 day from receipt of your shipping confirmation email. $31.99 flat rate or $24.99 on orders over $49.99 (not including taxes and after discounts). orders ship via ups. orders ship within 1 business day from order confirmation, m-f for orders placed by 11am est. transit time estimated to be 1 business day from receipt of your shipping confirmation email. saturday delivery is not available. not available to po boxes, pr, vi, or apo/fpo/dpo addresses. back to top sales tax sales tax is calculated according to the ship-to address for orders placed on crocs.com. if the ship-to state has a sales tax and no exemptions for footwear or clothing, sales tax will be applied at the full state/city/county and any other special district taxes. back to top eql what is eql? a hype commerce platform used to manage the launches of high heat products. eql prevents sites from crashing, slows down scammers and delivers a launch that is run fair. what does run fair mean? we believe that everyone should have a fair chance of getting their hands on the products they love, that’s why we partnered with eql. they’ve built fairness in: only humans can enter draws: every entry goes through a multi-step security verification process that confirms you are a human. one entry per person: entries are deduplicated against unique identification tags. launches are always secure: best in class security protocols make sure your information is always safe and secure. it should be simple to enter: once you have a verified eql account, entering becomes a breeze. when you see the ‘run fair’ logo, it’s a fairness certification. it means the technology used and the steps taken to run the launch are of the highest standard. what are the steps required to enter a draw on eql go to an eql powered draw form. create an eql account provide shipping and payment details verify your entry submit your entry is now registered in the draw. am i charged for entering a draw? no. you are only charged if you are successfully selected at the close of the draw. am i charged for winning a draw? if you are entering a free giveaway, you will not be charged any fees or costs associated to the giveaway, regardless of your selection as a winner or non-winner. if you are a winner, your products will be shipped to you by the retailer free of charge to your specified shipping address. how do i know if i’ve won? you will be alerted via email after the draw has closed. why do you need my credit card details when i enter? credit card details help eql to confirm that you are a real human. it also allows for fraud checks to be done on your card. it’s a robust security measure so that we can deliver a fair draw for everyone. providing your credit card details is one of the many important steps that confirms your spot in the draw. does submitting an entry via an eql form guarantee me the win? no. it does however guarantee you an entry into the draw and a fair chance to win. if i submit my entry and change my mind later, is there a chance to withdraw? yes. head back to the launch page and you should see a red button that says ‘cancel my entry’, click that and you’re now out of the draw. if i win the draw, can i change my mind and withdraw? verified entries are binding. once an entry is confirmed, you have agreed to purchase the product if you win. once a win is allocated to a successful draw entrant the product is no longer available for other customers to buy. bv you purchase the product directly from crocs the transaction agreement is made between the draw winner and crocs. can i enter a draw for the same product multiple times? we want everyone to have a fair chance of getting their hands on products they love. more hyped goods in the hands of more people make everyone feel great. so, only one entry per person per product. that’s the way a fair draw should be run. didn’t find what you were looking for? for product and shipping enquiries reach out to customer service by phone at 1-866-306-3179 back to top product info & warranty jump to: crocs size chart caring for your crocs product warranty recycling crocs shoes what are crocs molded clogs made of? slip resistance replacement parts crocs size chart find your perfect fit with crocs' shoe size chart. size charts can be found in the link under the size selections on each product page or on our size chart page below: size chart page back to top caring for your crocs how to clean your crocs cleaning your crocs is easy and only takes a few items to get them looking and feeling new again. croslite™ material for classic clogs, slides, and other styles made only with our signature croslite™ foam material, hand wash or spot clean with mild soap and cold water or use your washing machine’s gentle cycle. wedges and heels to clean synthetic wedges and heels, spot clean with a damp cloth to remove dust and dirt. avoid solvent cleaners wherever possible as these may destroy the glue used to bond the sole. wool or fleece for wool crocs, gently clean the upper with a soft wire or plastic brush then apply a waterproofing spray. for crocs with fleece, clean with mild soap and a damp rag or use your washing machine’s gentle cycle with as little heat as possible. canvas styles for elastic, stretch material, and canvas styles such as the santa cruz, treat with mild soap and use a damp rag or soft brush to remove dirt, debris or stains. air dry after cleaning, all styles should be air dried only. exposure to extreme heat, sun, dishwashers, washing machines, or hot cars can cause the shoes to shrink or warp. back to top product warranty limited warranty crocs, inc. (“crocs”) warrants all of its crocs™ products (the “products”), purchased by consumers either directly from crocs or from crocs’ authorized resellers (including authorized retail and internet-based sellers), to be free from manufacturing defects for 90 days from the date of purchase. this warranty does not extend to products supplied/sold by unauthorized vendors, whether internet-based or otherwise. this warranty does not apply to any defects in the products arising from normal usage, fair wear and tear, damage by you, or any alteration or repair carried out without our approval. under no circumstances shall crocs be liable for any special, incidental, or consequential damages based upon breach of this limited warranty, breach of contract or strict liability. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. there are no warranties which extend beyond those indicated herein. any implied warranties that may be applicable to the products, including implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are limited in duration to the duration of this warranty. some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to you. if your product develops a defect while under warranty, you should contact crocs as indicated below, and any defective product, at crocs’ instruction, may be returned to the below address for an exchange or refund with receipt or proof of purchase. if you do not have a receipt or it is past the 90-day window, we cannot replace your item, but we would love to help you find a new pair. this warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. crocs, inc. attn: customer service 13601 via varra broomfield, co 80020 usa phone:	1-866-306-3179 web:	https://www.crocs.com/customer-service/contact-us.html back to top recycling crocs shoes crocs, inc. and soles4souls have partnered to provide the opportunity to recycle your lightly worn crocs shoes, so that they can be used in a "second life." once soles4souls receives your shoes, they will clean them and donate them to people who need shoes in impoverished nations around the world. back to top what are crocs molded clogs made of? crocs shoes made entirely of croslite™ material do not contain latex. crocs shoes that are not made entirely of croslite™ material may contain other products within legal limits. see individual product pages for details. are crocs products vegan? yes, in 2021 crocs became a 100% vegan brand, eliminating all animal derived materials from our products. back to top slip resistance certain crocs™ shoes offer crocslock™ tread, which provides slip-resistance that meets or exceeds industry standards. please note that while they are slip-resistant, they are not completely slip-proof. please use general caution, as you would in any other shoe. back to top replacement parts we do not currently replace straps, rivets, or liners. if you believe there is a quality issue with your item, we will make it right. items may be returned for an exchange or refund within 90 days with receipt or proof of purchase. if you do not have a receipt or it is past the 90-day window, we cannot replace your item, but we would love to help you find a new pair. back to top track order or return items order number * (ex: 00001234cus) what's this? locating your order confirmation number email address * view order details have a crocs account? login to see your orders need help? detailed return instructions looking for your customization order? custom order information we could not find the order. please try again. go back custom order tracking for customization order tracking information, please contact customer service by phone at 1-833-585-1459. go back contact customer service contact us chat get personal help from a team member. chat not available 📞  call or text us at 1-866-306-3179 online offline working hours: hours of operation: mon monday opens at 9 am et opens at 9 a.m. eastern time tues - thurs tuesday through thursday 24 hours 24 hours fri friday closes at 5 pm et closes at 5 p.m. eastern time sat - sun saturday through sunday closed closed  store locations find a crocs retail store near you. search stores corporate contacts partnerships & collaborations partnerships & collaborations [email protected] crocs cares crocs cares [email protected] ✉ mail drop us a line with your comments, concerns, or compliments. crocs retail, llc. 13601 via varra broomfield, co 80020 usa free shipping free economy shipping on all orders over $49.99. hassle free returns change your mind? no problem. our free return process makes it easy. 90-day warranty crocs™ products are covered by a 90-day warranty. secure transactions 100% secured transaction using ssl encrypted connection. join crocs club & get 15% off your next purchase signup for free download the crocs app download on the app store. get it on google play. sign into my account store locator united states instagram tiktok pinterest youtube twitter facebook crocs insiders crocs club collaborations & limited editions student discount teacher discount military discount healthcare discount affiliate program gift cards company about crocs heydude crocs purpose careers investor relations custom orders wholesale inquiries help order status & returns faqs size help accessibility caring for your crocs customer service hours of operation: mon monday opens at 9 am et opens at 9 a.m. eastern time tues - thurs tuesday through thursday 24 hours 24 hours fri friday closes at 5 pm et closes at 5 p.m. eastern time sat - sun saturday through sunday closed closed chat not available contact us site map terms | privacy policy | ad choices | do not sell my personal information | ca supply chains act © crocs retail, llc loading...