来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250503093506/https://www.crocs.com/affiliate-program/affiliate-program.html
================================================================================

crocs affiliate program: information and more — crocs skip to main content accessibility statement 15% off when you sign up you left something in your cart go to cart free shipping on orders $49.99+ and free returns on all orders! best sellers classic clog classic lined clog classic crocs sandal home affiliate program crocs affiliate program how do i get started? read the crocs™ affiliate agreement and fill out the online application. you will be notified when your site has been accepted. during the evaluation period, we'll visit your site and make sure it is an appropriate match for the crocs™ online affiliate program. upon approval, you will be given detailed instructions on how to log in to your account area, select and place your links. you will have a variety of banners, buttons and text links from which to choose. once you have placed your links, you can start generating additional revenue. over time you can continue to optimize the program and further increase your income. impact can help with additional questions, promotional opportunities and best practices. get started now! - how does the crocs.com affiliate program work? the crocs™ online affiliate program allows you to generate advertising fees by linking visitors from your website to crocs.com. it's also an excellent way to enhance your site and offer more value to your customers. via impact, you will have access to an online password-protected reporting system providing detailed statistics for your site. by placing crocs.com banners, buttons or promotional links within your website, proprietary newsletter or e-mail, a visit to crocs.com through your link resulting in a purchase will earn you a percentage of the sale. we take care of all the order fulfillment and customer service. we also keep track of your sales and send you a monthly earnings check in the mail. why become a crocs.com affiliate? it's free. you'll make money. it adds value to your site and encourages repeat visitors. it's easy. you earn commissions and crocs.com handles all the order fulfillment and customer service. how is the crocs.com affiliate program different from the others? we have excellent visit-to-purchase conversion rates. the global strength of the crocs™ brand, product line and customer service levels are unsurpassed. also: loyal customers buy again. you receive commissions on all your visitors' purchases for thirty (30) days following their initial click through from your site to crocs.com. as you build your loyal online customer base, each time your users click through to make a purchase, their cookie is renewed and you continue to earn. who can participate? - what are your criteria for partnership? any website can apply for the program: large or small, commercial or nonprofit associations. crocs.com does reserve the right to refuse any applicant, particularly if the site contains objectionable material including pornography, explicit language or content, violence or discrimination. we do not accept sites that violate intellectual property rights. this includes misuse of the crocs™ trademarks. see: "can i use the crocs trademarks to promote my site?" can i join if i have not launched my site yet? no. in order to maintain the highest standards for partnerships it is very important that we see the content of your website in order to approve it for the crocs online affiliate program. if i have more than one website can i be an affiliate partner through all of them? yes. you can sign up separately for each url you own. you will be given a separate affiliate partner id for each site you maintain. you will receive separate checks for each account. for accounting purposes, we will not combine checks from multiple accounts. my website is outside the u.s. can i join? no. at this time, crocs.com ships online orders only to addresses within the 50 united states, apo/fpo addresses and u.s. territories. we do plan to offer international service online in the future and will notify you when this is enabled. what about adult content within my site? we do not accept applications from sites with adult content. does it cost anything? no, it is absolutely free. there is no application fee and no minimum sales requirement. you can start earning right away. getting paid - how much will i be paid? our standard commission rate is six percent (6%) per transaction. when and how do i get paid? commission fees are paid on a monthly basis. how are orders tracked and credited to my site? by carefully following the instructions for collecting and placing links from your site to crocs.com, you'll enable clear tracking of where each visitor comes from and who makes a purchase. we employ cookie technology for these purposes; links from your site contain your site's unique source id. every time a user comes to us via your links, we know to credit you when a customer purchase is made. do affiliates get paid for repeat visits? yes. you receive commission fees on all sales generated from your site for thirty (30) days following an initial visit. this includes visits directly to our website. as you build your brand and customer loyalty, a customer that uses your link will renew their cookie for another thirty (30) days. can i take orders on my site? no. our frequent product updates, promotional price changes and in-stock availability verification are all part of our integrated shopping environment. in order to ensure product availability tracking, reporting and superior customer service, we must host the transaction. we take care of the order, customer service and fulfillment so you can focus on your website and traffic development. do you have online reporting on how much money i'm earning and how my links are performing? yes. once you have been accepted into the program, you will be given access to your affiliate partner tracking and reporting interface. you will be able to view your earnings and traffic reports at any time. these reports not only show you what you earn, they also track other site performance indicators that will assist you in fine-tuning your participation and maximizing your income potential. do i earn commissions from my own purchases? yes. you can earn commissions on any purchases you make from visiting crocs.com through your own site's crocs online affiliate program link. what about product returns? if a user returns a product for a refund, or if credit card charges are reversed due to a dispute or credit card fraud, your account will be debited for any commission earned on that transaction. if a product is returned in exchange for new merchandise, or if goods are lost or damaged and we ship replacement goods to the customer, your commissions will not be affected. linking to crocs.com - how do i get my links to crocs.com? it's easy. after you join the program you will be given a user name and password to access the crocs online affiliate program via impact. with this access, you will be able to collect and place your links in a matter of minutes. simply choose the type of banner, button or text link and the area of the crocs.com site you want to link. there are many options to choose from. all you need to do is cut and paste the link into your html editor. what areas of crocs.com can i link? can i link to an individual product? we have multiple ways to link to crocs.com including our home page, category pages, and individual product pages. we provide you a selection of banners, buttons and text links to each of these areas. can i place links within my own opt-in newsletters or email? yes. this is an excellent way to provide highly targeted information and product offerings. you should realize much higher conversion rates resulting in increased revenues. we recommend using category-specific or product-specific links. of course, you will follow accepted guidelines for responsible opt-in e-mail practices. we reserve the right and will respond swiftly to suspend our partnership and any links to those who abuse their opt-in e-mail members. we will not diminish our brand by association with spammers. can i use the crocs™ trademark to promote my site? affiliates may not use the crocs™ trademark for traffic generation or search engine registration techniques including, but not limited to, inclusion in meta tags or purchase of the crocs™ trademark as a search term. the affiliate agreement includes a list of trademark terms that are considered off limits. the purpose of the affiliate relationship is to generate traffic to the crocs™ site by leveraging the traffic generated by the affiliate's site through its normal advertising programs, brand awareness, value proposition, etc. using crocs™ brand to generate traffic to an affiliate's site or redirecting traffic to another site is inconsistent with the basic purpose of this affiliate program. anything else i should know? you will need to read the crocs online affiliate program agreement and confirm your understanding of the terms and conditions in that document. you will find the entire contract between you and crocs.com on the agreement. get started now privacy and security privacy & security policy terms of use we’d love to hear from you! leave feedback join crocs club & get 15% off your next purchase sign up for free download the crocs app download on the app store. get it on google play. instagram tiktok pinterest youtube twitter facebook crocs insiders crocs club collaborations & limited editions student discount teacher discount military discount healthcare discount first responder discount affiliate program gift cards company about crocs heydude sustainability comfort for the planet comfort for all people comfort for our communities careers investor relations custom group orders wholesale inquiries help order status & returns faqs size help accessibility caring for your crocs customer service hours of operation: sun - fri sunday through friday 24 hours 24 hours sat saturday 9am-9pm est 9am to 9pm eastern time chat not available contact us site map terms | privacy policy | ad choices | do not sell my personal information | ca supply chains act © crocs retail, llc