来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250503093506/https://www.crocs.com/customer-service/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

crocs.com privacy policy skip to main content accessibility statement 15% off when you sign up you left something in your cart go to cart free shipping on orders $49.99+ and free returns on all orders! best sellers classic clog classic lined clog classic crocs sandal home customer service crocs.com privacy policy our privacy policy has recently changed. effective date of this version: february 3, 2025. crocs retail, llc (“crocs,” “we,” “us,” “our”) takes privacy matters seriously. this privacy policy describes the types of personal information crocs collects from and about you when you visit our website, our stores, our in-store kiosks, or otherwise interact with us (together, the “services”), how we may disclose and use such information, and your choices and legal rights. this privacy policy also explains how we may use or share your personal information, and your choices about that use. by using our services, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree, please do not use the services. for purposes of this privacy policy, “personal information” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you, and includes “personal data” or similar terms as defined in applicable law. 1. notice at collection of personal information we collect the categories of personal information identified below. as indicated in the chart, some of these categories we “sell” or “share” (as such terms are defined in u.s. law) for marketing and advertising purposes to business partners and third parties, such as data analytics providers, advertising technology vendors, third-party advertising networks, and social media platforms. all of these third parties have access to each category of personal information listed below, except for sensitive personal information. 1.1 categories of personal information collected categories of personal information that we sell or share • identifiers/biographical information, including name, postal and email address, phone number, online identifiers, internet protocol (“ip”) address, and other similar identifiers. • commercial information, including items purchased, obtained, or considered and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. • internet or other electronic network activity information. • inferences, meaning inferences drawn from the above-listed categories of personal information to create a consumer profile reflecting consumer preferences or characteristics. categories of personal information that we collect, but do not sell or share • personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute, such as your credit or debit card number. • geolocation data (non-precise). • audio, visual, or similar information. • professional or employment related information. • sensitive personal information, we do not use or disclose such information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you or for any purpose other than the limited permissible purposes set forth in the regulations implementing applicable law. such purposes include providing our services and verifying, maintaining the quality of, and improving our services. we do not knowingly sell or share personal information about persons under the age of 18. please click here to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, including targeted advertising. you may also choose to enable online, where available, a universal tool that automatically communicates your opt-out preferences, such as the global privacy control (“gpc”).  we will process the gpc signal as a request to opt out. 1.2 the business and commercial purposes for which we collect and use your personal information: • tailoring your experience with the services • processing and fulfilling your purchases • sending you ads and other promotions, including ads that are tailored to your interests • fulfilling contests or sweepstakes • customer service • getting your feedback • improving our services • security or fraud prevention • creating, maintaining, customizing, and securing our services and your account with us • communicating with you, such as through bots, including to respond to your inquiries/requests and request feedback from you • complying with applicable laws and regulations and responding to lawful requests for information • to carry out sales and business transactions in which information held by us is among the assets transferred or is otherwise relevant to the evaluation, negotiation, or completion of the transaction • protecting our rights, privacy, safety, property and/or those of others • fulfill any other purpose explained to you at the point of collection 1.3 retention we will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to provide you with our services that you request, for marketing purposes unless you opt out as described in our privacy policy, or otherwise where permitted or required in accordance with applicable law. we also retain personal information in backup systems solely for disaster recovery purposes. personal information in our backup systems is deleted or overwritten at a later time, according to our backup and retention schedule. 2. types of information we collect we obtain personal information about you (a) when you provide information to us; (b) automatically when you use the services; (c) from third parties; and (d) by combining information from different sources. 2.1 information you provide. if you create an account with our services, make a purchase, fill out a survey, sign up for our marketing emails, enter a contest, or review a product, we will collect your personal information. additionally, if you send us information about someone else (e.g., sending a gift or present), the personal information you provide may be used to communicate with that individual. 2.2 information we automatically collect. when you visit and interact with our services, we or our third-party advertising and analytics partners and service providers may use a variety of technologies, such as cookies, tags, or scripts to collect information about your activity.  to learn more about your choices regarding the automatic collection and use of your information as you browse our services, please see the your privacy choices and rights section below. the specific types of information that we and our partners and service providers may automatically collect when you visit and interact with our services include: • device and browser information. this includes your device’s ip address and/or other unique identifiers, browser type, device type, internet service provider, and operating system. • location information. when you access our services from a mobile device, your device’s approximate location (derived from your device’s ip address or other signals) may be collected. • usage information. when you interact with our services, certain information may be collected by us or our third party vendors, including the date and time of your visit, the pages you view immediately before and after you access our services, the areas or pages of our services that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing or using our services, items placed or left in your shopping cart on the site or app, keystrokes, mouse movements, form field entries, recordings of chat sessions or your use of and inputs to other ai-supported tools, and other use and overall engagement with our services. • marketing information. if you receive an email from us, information may be collected about your interactions with the message (e.g., whether you opened, forwarded, or clicked through to our site). • third-party analytics technologies. we may use third-party analytics tools to better understand who is using our services, how people are using them, and how to improve their effectiveness as well as the effectiveness of any related content. cookies and other similar technologies: “cookies” are text files that are placed on your browser by the websites that you visit to distinguish you from other users, make your site navigation more efficient, store your preferences, and improve functionality. cookies are also used to deliver personalized ads to you. third parties may set cookies through the services and combine information from these cookies with information they collect from other sources for analytics and/or advertising purposes. our use of google analytics and advertising technologies: our website uses technology provided by google to facilitate advertising and reporting. we implement google analytics cookies to collect personal information about you when you visit our website for purposes of remarketing, impression reporting, and demographic and interest reporting. this information includes identifiers and data about the pages you visit, and can be combined with other data related to you collected through google’s advertising cookie or other third-party technology.  you can opt-out of the use of this technology through the google analytics opt-out browser add on, google ad settings, ad settings for mobile apps, or the nai’s consumer opt-out. 2.3 information we recieve from third parties. we may receive personal information from other sources. our third-party sources may include: • our business partners, including companies that co-sponsor our promotions. • our marketing/advertising and analytics partners, including online advertising networks and analytics providers. • social media platforms. our services may give you the option to connect your social media profile to the services or your account. if you choose to do this, you give the social media site permission to share with us certain information about you, such as your email address and name. • other companies that provide personal information to supplement what we already know about you, including data aggregators. 2.4 combination of information. we may combine personal information that we receive from various sources. for example, we may combine personal information that we collect from you offline with personal information we collect from you through our services. similarly, we may combine personal information that we receive from third parties with personal information we already have about you. we use, disclose, and protect combined personal information as described in this privacy policy. 3. how we disclose your personal information we share personal information, including identifiers, commercial information, and limited online activity with the following third parties: • advertising partners. to provide you with relevant advertising. we also provide advertising partners and social media platforms with personal information, aggregate or anonymous information (that does not identify you), or both to provide you with relevant advertising, or to limit the advertising you see on other sites or apps. • service providers. we store personal information with storage vendors. we also disclosure personal information vendors to help with promotions, service design, and conducting surveys. • affiliates and subsidiaries. to provide you with relevant advertising and provide your with loyalty program (crocs club) benefits.. • payment processors. to help process your payments. in certain circumstances, we may disclose each category of your personal information to: • competent governmental, regulatory, and public authorities to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests. • relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction. in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding), we may disclose or transfer your personal information to certain third parties, such as the acquiring entity and its advisers. • other third parties. we will disclose your personal information to other third parties at your direction or with your consent (note, however, that we do not sell your consent to receive sms messages to third parties). additionally, we will disclose your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) comply with applicable law; (b) enforce our terms and conditions; (c) protect our operations; (d) protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or those of you or others; and (e) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain. we may disclose your personal information for other reasons that we will describe at the time of information collection or prior to disclosing your information. please note that we may de-identify or aggregate personal information so that it will no longer be considered personal information and disclose such information to other parties for purposes consistent with those described in this privacy policy. 4. your privacy choices and rights you have the ability to make certain choices about how we use your personal information, as follows: 4.1 opt out of interest based advertising. if you reside in the united states, depending on your state of residency, you may have additional choices than the ones outlined below with respect to our use and disclosure of information for sales, "shares," and interest-based advertising purposes. details on how to exercise your legal opt-out rights can be found below in section 4.5, "opt-out requests." in addition to those options, you may be able to opt out of receiving certain targeted or interest-based advertisements using the browser opt-out tools and consumer choice mechanisms provided by advertising industry self-regulatory groups by following the links below: • network advertising initiative (nai): https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 • digital advertising alliance (daa): https://youradchoices.com/control • european interactive digital advertising alliance (edaa): https://youronlinechoices.eu/ you also can control whether you see interest-based advertisements on your mobile device(s) in the following ways: • your device operating system may provide mechanisms that allow you to opt in or opt out of the use of information about your use of mobile apps to deliver interest-based advertising to your mobile device. for more information, consult your device settings. • the daa offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app data on mobile devices for interest-based advertising. to exercise your choices with respect to participating companies, please download the appchoices tool at www.aboutads.info/appchoices. you will need to opt out separately on all of your browsers and devices, as each opt out will apply only to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. if you delete or reset your cookies or mobile identifiers, change browsers, or use a different device, any opt-out cookie or tool may no longer work and you will have to opt out again. even if you choose to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you may still receive advertising, but the advertisements may be less relevant. some of our partners may provide you with additional choices with respect to interest-based advertising. for example, certain social media platforms allow you to control your advertising preferences directly through their services. please review the privacy policies of the third-party services you use for more information. 4.2 unsubscribing from our marketing and promotional communications. from time to time, we may send you marketing and promotional communications, including special offers from us or our partners. if you no longer wish to receive promotional and marketing emails from us, you may opt out of such communications at any time by following the opt-out instructions included in any promotional or marketing email you receive from us. 4.3 privacy rights and requests. depending on your u.s. state of residence, you may have certain rights in relation to your personal information, including: • right to know: you may have the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. we may not be required to respond to your requests “to know” or access specific pieces of personal information more than twice in any 12-month period. • right to request specific list of third parties. you may have the right to request a list of the specific third parties with whom we have shared or sold your personal information. • right to data portability: you may have the right to access your information in a portable format. • right to delete: you may have the right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected from or about you, subject to certain exceptions. • right to correct: you may have the right to correct inaccurate personal information that we may maintain about you, subject to appropriate verification. • right to opt out of certain types of personal information uses and disclosures:  we use and disclose to third parties personal information for analytics and advertising purposes. accordingly, you may have the right to opt out of the “sale” or "sharing” of your personal information, or the use and disclosure of your personal information for “targeted advertising” (as these terms are defined in applicable law). • right to limit use or disclosure of sensitive personal information: you may have the right to request that we limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information, subject to certain exceptions. please note that, where permitted under applicable law, we may decline a request (other than for opt outs) if we are unable to verify your identity (or an agent’s authority to make the request) and confirm the personal information we maintain relates to you. if you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights outlined above, please click here or you can contact us at [email protected]. please put the statement “your privacy rights” in the subject field of your email. we may take steps to verify your identity before responding to your request by asking you a series of questions about your previous interactions with us. submitting a privacy rights request does not require you to create an account with us. we will not discriminate against you if you decide to exercise your privacy rights. 4.4 agent requests only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may submit a request related to your personal information. depending on your u.s. state of residence, you may authorize someone to make a privacy rights request on your behalf (an authorized agent). authorized agents will need to demonstrate that you’ve authorized them to act on your behalf. crocs retains the right to request confirmation directly from you confirming that the agent is authorized to make such a request, or to request additional information to confirm the agent’s identity. 4.5 opt-out requests you may request to opt out of the sale or share of your personal information, or of targeted advertising, at any time by clicking the “do not sell or share my personal information” link here or at the bottom of our services’ homepages, or you can email us at [email protected]. submitting an opt-out request does not require you to create an account with us. alternatively, you can use certain preference signals to exercise your sale and sharing opt-out right automatically with all businesses that you interact with online, including crocs. if you enable a browser-based opt-out preference signal, such as global privacy control (gpc), upon receipt or detection, we will treat the signal as a valid request to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information linked to that browser and any consumer profile we have associated with that browser. please note that if you use different browsers or browser profiles, you may need to enable the signal on each browser or profile. 4.6 right to appeal depending on your u.s. state of residence, you may have the right to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request.  to appeal a decision, please contact us at [email protected] or 303-848-7000. 4.7 notice of financial incentive we may offer financial incentives to promote our products and services. you can find further information about the financial incentives that are currently available by checking our website. these incentives may include: • discounts, coupons, and special offers when you sign up for our email list, participate in a marketing promotion or sweepstakes, or create an account. • points programs, where you earn points for certain purchases that can be redeemed for discounts or coupons. we may ask you to provide personal information in connection with these promotions, including your email address, name, and phone number. because these promotions involve the collection of personal information, they may be interpreted as “financial incentive” programs under california law or “bona fide loyalty programs” under colorado law. we use this information for the purposes described above under the section titled “notice at collection of personal information,” including for targeted advertising. we may share your personal information with third parties as described in our “notice at collection of personal information,” including data analytics providers, advertising technology vendors, and social media platforms. participation in any financial incentive is optional. to enroll, please click here. you may withdraw from any of our financial incentive programs at any time by emailing [email protected]. to stop receiving our coupons or discounts in your email, you may unsubscribe from our emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of any such email. if you ask us to delete your personal information, we will not be able to provide you with access to these programs. the value of any financial incentive we offer is reasonably related to the value of any personal information you provide to us. we estimate the value of your personal information by considering, without limitation, the expenses we incur from collecting your personal information and/or providing the financial incentive to you, the revenue generated by your use of the financial incentive, and any improvements we can make to our products and services based on aggregating information obtained through the financial incentive program. please note that we may provide additional terms that apply to a particular financial incentive. if applicable, those terms will be presented to you at sign up. 5. external links our services may have links to third-party services, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. we are not responsible for the practices of such sites. 6. children's privacy our services are intended for a general audience. we do not direct our services to individuals under eighteen (18), nor do we knowingly solicit or collect any personal information from minors. 7. data security we have implemented physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to maintain the security, confidentiality, and integrity of your information. however, as no transmission of information over the internet is absolutely secure, we cannot guarantee the safety of your information. 8. revisions to this privacy policy we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, remove, or otherwise revise portions of this privacy policy at any time. when we do, we will post the change(s) to our services. your continued use of our services following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes. if we change the privacy policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you. such notice may be provided via a temporary banner on our site, an email sent to users for whom we have an email address, or by temporarily noting “updated” next to the privacy policy link on the footer of our site. 9. how to contact us if you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or the practices described herein, you may contact us at [email protected], by mail to crocs, inc., 500 eldorado blvd., building 5, broomfield, co 80021 or by phone at (866)-306-3179. we’d love to hear from you! leave feedback join crocs club & get 15% off your next purchase sign up for free download the crocs app download on the app store. get it on google play. instagram tiktok pinterest youtube twitter facebook crocs insiders crocs club collaborations & limited editions student discount teacher discount military discount healthcare discount first responder discount affiliate program gift cards company about crocs heydude sustainability comfort for the planet comfort for all people comfort for our communities careers investor relations custom group orders wholesale inquiries help order status & returns faqs size help accessibility caring for your crocs customer service hours of operation: sun - fri sunday through friday 24 hours 24 hours sat saturday 9am-9pm est 9am to 9pm eastern time chat not available contact us site map terms | privacy policy | ad choices | do not sell my personal information | ca supply chains act © crocs retail, llc