来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090428172221/http://www.americanstationery.com/customerservice/privacy.asp
================================================================================

privacy & security | american stationery shopping basket 0 items: $0.00 estimated shipping: $0.00 shop online catalog quick shop order a catalog view online catalog the note pad search: ***search all categories*** personalized stationerypersonalized address labelshand bordered stationeryphoto productsbabykids & teensinvitations & announcementsholiday cards & invitationspersonalized giftspersonalized party warebusiness stationery & penscalligraphyweb exclusivesnew arrivalsgifts under $25new homeeco-friendlyclearance items login/my account browse categories personalized stationery personalized address labels hand bordered stationery photo products baby kids & teens invitations & announcements holiday cards & invitations personalized gifts personalized party ware business stationery & pens calligraphy web exclusives new arrivals gifts under $25 new home eco-friendly clearance items e-mail newsletters receive valuable stationery offers by e-mail: privacy & security home > customer service > privacy & security american stationery company, inc. (the company), as owner and operator of several commercial web sites, including: www.americanstationery.com www.theamericanwedding.com is committed to your online security and privacy. we believe that your online shopping experience should be safe, secure and enjoyable. we take measures to make that happen. this statement provides details concerning our policies and procedures to protect your online security and privacy. this privacy statement does not apply to information we may gather through sources other than our web sites, including, but not limited to, orders that are transmitted by telephone, fax or mail. information collection and use information collection registration order referrals information use cookies third party advertising log files communications from site sharing choice & opt-in/out links surveys & contests email to friend security personal information billing information ssl encryption additional information children's guidelines notification of changes contact information information collection and use information collection the company is the sole owner of the information collected on our web sites. the company collects information from our users at different points on this web site. registration in order to browse this web site, a user need not register. to use advanced web site features, such as online personalization, save my work or email to a friend, a user must complete a short registration form where we will ask for the user's name and email address. the user's email address becomes the user's login id. account security is protected by asking for a user defined password. please do not share your password with anyone. if lost or forgotten, we have provided recovery features to help you retrieve your forgotten password. registration enables us to establish a user account for you, and enables the advanced features. we also use this information to provide a more personalized experience on our site. once your user account has been inactive for a period of 12 months or more, we may remove it from our online database and you will need to re-register in order to use those features again. invalid email addresses will be removed. order when ordering, we request additional information from the user. this includes contact information (such as phone number, and address) for billing and shipping, and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date or checking account number and bank routing number). this information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. if we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user. referrals we believe in helping others. we believe that our customers may wish to share their good experiences on our site with their friends and relatives who may also be interested in similar products. to this end, we may ask our customers to provide us with email addresses of others who may enjoy visiting our site. we will send a promotional email to those referred, containing a link to our web site. we will identify you as the person who has referred them to us. referring others to us is always voluntary. information use cookies a cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. we use session id cookies and persistent cookies. once users close the browser, the session id cookie simply terminates. a persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. persistent cookies can be removed by following internet browser help file directions. by allowing a cookie from our site, users do not have to log in via their password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. if users reject the cookie, they may still use our site. the only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. for example, the user will not be able to participate in some marketing promotions that may be offered from time to time, to users matching a specific profile. persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. our company uses third party vendors to monitor our site traffic and serve ads on our behalf across the internet. we and our partners may use cookies or similar technologies, to deliver better, targeted marketing messages to consumers. these cookies do not carry any personally identifiable information and are only used to track the effectiveness of particular marketing campaigns. we may also share anonymous information with our third party advertising partners in an aggregate form, for purposes of analysis and improvement of our site and our advertising. additionally, our third party advertising partners may use information about site visits to this and other web sites and your interaction with our ads in order to provide the advertisements about goods and services that are most likely to be of interest to you. we believe that the use of cookies and similar technologies assist in providing you with a more meaningful internet experience. but, we are also committed to insuring that you can make your own decisions about your experiences on the web. you can instruct your browser to block third party vendor cookies by using the tools menu on most browsers. log files like most standard web sites, we use log files. this includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. ip addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. the information we gather through log files is never tied to your personally identifiable information. we reserve the right to share information we gather in the aggregate, through the use of log files. communications from the site special offers and updates we send new registrants a welcoming email to verify password and username. established members may occasionally receive information on products, services and special promotions. out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. please see the opt-in/out & update section. service announcements service announcements are not promotional in nature. they are sent to our customers to provide specific services or information. for instance, when a customer's order is shipped from our manufacturing facility, we will advise the customer by email of the shipping specifics, and provide (if applicable) a tracking number, and method for the customer to track their order. we may send email notices to our users advising them of changes to this policy, or to out terms and conditions. additionally, from time to time, we may send a service email to all our users in order to clean our database. such messages allow us to purge invalid email addresses, and also afford all users an opportunity to review and change, if desired, their opt in/opt out status. customer service we communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services. in regard to issues relating to their account we may reply via email or phone, fax, postal mail, or such other communications as we deem most appropriate. sharing legal disclaimer although we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our web site. third party intermediaries we use third party credit card processing and check processing companies to bill users for goods and services. these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. business transitions in the event the company goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. opt-in/out & update by using our web site, our users agree to the uses of information described in this statement, and are "opting-in" to receive communications as herein described. our users always have a choice. they are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site. users who no longer wish to receive our promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email or clicking here. our users may update their information in "my account" at any time. links this web site may contain links to other sites. please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site. surveys & contests from time to time, our site may request information from users via surveys or contests. participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. the requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. email to friend if a user elects to use our email to friend feature, for inviting a friend or relative to comment on a particular project the user is working on, we provide a form for our user to enter the friend’s email address, their own email address (to identify who it is from) and to add a note to the friend. the company will automatically send the friend an email containing a link to preview the user's work. the friend will only be able to view the user's project. the friend will not have access to the user's account, personal information or other projects. the friend will not be able to change, edit, modify, add or delete anything from the user's account or saved work file. the company may add text to your email to a friend, offering the visiting friend the opportunity to establish their own account. special promotional offers may also be inserted in the email invitations to your friends. the company never harvests the email addresses you insert in the email to a friend form, for any purpose, including follow on promotional emails. we do not send unsolicited promotional emails.security this web site takes reasonable precautions to protect our users' information. when users submit sensitive information via the web site, their information is protected both online and off-line. when our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - ssl. while on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as netscape navigator and microsoft internet explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just 'surfing'. while we use ssl encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also take steps to protect user-information off-line. all of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. personal information we use the information internally, to insure the accurate and timely fulfillment of the user's order. we may also use the information internally, for specific marketing or promotional campaigns, as described within this statement. we may share some information with our affiliate partners and/or our third-party affiliate management company, to ensure proper payment of affiliate commissions. from time to time, we may sell, license or rent lists, containing your name and address information, but never email address, credit card or payment information, to others, unless you request us not to do so. our users’ election, to have their information shared, or withheld, may be changed at time of ordering. we never sell, license or rent your email address to others. billing information billing information, including credit card account numbers, expiration dates, checking account numbers and bank routing identifiers are never shared with third parties, except those companies associated with order and payment processing. ssl encryption digital certificates encrypt data using secure sockets layer (ssl) technology, the industry-standard method for protecting web communications developed by netscape communications corporation. the ssl security protocol provides data encryption, server authentication, message integrity, and optional client authentication for a tcp/ip connection. because ssl is built into all major browsers and web servers, simply installing a digital certificate turns on their ssl capabilities. ssl comes in two strengths, 40-bit and 128-bit, which refer to the length of the "session key" generated by every encrypted transaction. the longer the key, the more difficult it is to break the encryption code. most browsers support 40-bit ssl sessions, and the latest browsers enable users to encrypt transactions in 128-bit sessions - trillions of times stronger than 40-bit sessions. our web site supports 128-bit sessions. additional information children's guidelines the company is committed to protecting the online privacy of children. we will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from or about children under the age of 16 without prior parental consent. if you are under 16 and would like to purchase items from the company, or provide personal information about yourself or your family, please ask a parent or guardian for assistance. the company cannot prevent minors from visiting this site. the company must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervising children under the age of 16 to decide which materials are appropriate for such children to view and/or purchase. each time you purchase a product from this site, or provide information about yourself or your family, you are representing to the company that you are 16 years or older. notification of changes we reserve the right to make changes to this policy at our sole discretion. if we change our privacy policy, we will post the new, updated privacy statement on our web site, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. we may, at our option, send an email notification to our users, advising them of changes to this policy, or changes in our terms and conditions. contact information if users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: customer service phone: 1-765-473-4438 fax: 1-765-472-8510 postal address: the american stationery company, inc. 100 n. park avenue peru, indiana 46970 about us | contact us | customer service | shopping basket | privacy policy sitemap | letter writing | the note pad 1-800-822-2577 phone center hours: 24 hours a day, 7 days a week © 2002-2008 american stationery company. inc. all rights reserved american stationery - providing personalized stationery, personalized address labelsand quality printed products to american families since 1919.