来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121210120323/http://www.americanstationery.com/customerservice/terms_1.asp
================================================================================

terms & conditions | american stationery javascript seem to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. terms & conditions | american stationery shop/help by phone 1.800.822.2577 my account checkout banner login welcome to american stationery personalized stationery correspondence cards embossed cards fold notes embossed fold notes letter sheets ensembles memos business stationery envelopes gift enclosure cards post cards calling cards unique gifts stationery & desk accessories hand bordered stationery single bordered cards double bordered cards notes, sheets & ensembles personalized address labels return address labels specialty labels children's address labels shipping labels holiday address labels stampers & embossers stampers embossers personalized party ware tumblers napkins & guest towels coasters placemats cutting boards invitations & announcements anniversary baby birthday corporate generic & all occasion graduation holiday parties new home retirement save the date theme parties wedding parties holiday traditional holiday cards digital photo holiday cards holiday invitations & announcements collegiate holiday holiday thank you cards holiday accessories holiday return address labels seals holiday tumblers napkins & coasters holiday clearance photo photo cards photo fold notes photo gifts for him for teachers for teens for the executive gifts under $30 featured products collegiate invitations correspondence cards fold notes memos holiday cards home > terms & conditions | american stationery american stationery: terms & conditions ordering shipping payment changes or cancellations manufacturing time problems with your order our guarantee ordering alternatives ordering from american stationery our shopping cart is fully secure. please refer to our privacy and security information. please proofread carefully before submitting your order. you are responsible for the copy you send to us. please check names and addresses carefully. verify all information is complete and accurate before submitting your order. we will print exactly what you specify. our web ordering system is automated. we are not able to screen or check individual orders. computer monitors display colors differently. the actual color of our products and inks may be slightly different from that which is displayed on your monitor. if product or ink color is critical, please order samples before placing your product order. paper products may vary slightly in color and weight, from one mill lot to the next. a product ordered today may vary slightly in color or weight from the same product ordered previously. samples that are ordered and samples that are received might vary slightly. to reduce waste, we do not print samples for every option of every product. shipping we ship your order via reputable carriers only, including fedex, ups and the usps. standard delivery generally requires several days for your order to reach its destination. express delivery is available for an additional fee. shipping and handling (s&h) will be added to the total of your order. s&h is calculated based upon the total dollar value of your order. it is impossible to calculate or bill the actual shipping amount before your order is manufactured, packaged and shipped. what you pay for s&h is very close to our actual cost. unlike many of our competitors, we do not design our shipping tables to be profit centers. shipment to multiple addresses is available for an added fee, in addition to the s&h. multiple shipments require additional handling and packaging. special rates apply to shipments outside the continental u.s. and for oversized packages. international shipping with myus.com we have partnered with myus.com to offer convenient international shipping to our customers. they provide great shipping rates to more than 225 countries with quick delivery times. customers sign up with myus.com and receive their own private u.s. street address to receive merchandise. myus.com provides specialized international package forwarding services from your new u.s. address to your international address. follow these two steps for international delivery:1. get your own myus address in america at www.myus.com.2. use your new myus address, provided by access usa, when placing your order with us.myus.com members receive deeply discounted shipping rates, exceptional customer service, the ability to consolidate packages, 24/7 online access to their account, and access to other services. no sale of matches or c.o.d. outside of the u.s.    all charges are in u.s. dollars.  the recipient of the package is responsible for credit card exchange rates, delivery fees and custom charges. ups cannot deliver to post office boxes. please provide us with a physical street address for these carriers. for safety and security, it is advantageous to ship your order to a commercial address. carriers sometimes leave packages unattended, or with a neighbor, if no one is home when delivery is attempted. these packages can be lost, forgotten or even stolen. we are not responsible for the loss of your order by failed delivery. we will assist you in filing a claim with the carrier, but in no case shall we issue a refund or free replacement for an order where the carrier can provide delivery confirmation. nearly all our shipments can be tracked from our manufacturing facility to the delivery address. for your security, we suggest you specify a commercial address, if possible, for delivery during normal working hours. payment we accept american express, discover, mastercard, visa credit cards and online checks. the security of your account numbers is assured. see our privacy and security information. all prices and payments are in u.s dollars. indiana orders will include sales tax. this will be added to the total of your order. if you have credits posted to your account, they will be applied to your order before we calculate the total due. credits are not redeemable for cash. a returned check fee of $25.00 will be assessed for all checks returned by your bank. changes or cancellations printed or personalized items: your printed order begins processing automatically as soon as it is submitted. if possible, we will accommodate your request to change or cancel your order. a minimum $10 fee will be charged to change or cancel your printed or personalized order. if your order has already been printed or personalized, changes or cancellations will not be made. you will be charged for the original order non-personalized items: orders for off-the-shelf-items, which are not personalized can be changed or cancelled if they have not been shipped. a $10 handling and re-stocking fee, per order, will be charged for changes or cancellations of off-the-shelf items. to avoid change or cancellation fees, please check your order carefully prior to submitting it. to request an order be changed or cancelled, contact our customer service department using contact information found on this web site. your order begins processing automatically as soon as it is submitted. changes and cancellations are not possible. please be sure you carefully check your order before submitting. once submitted no changes or cancellation of order is allowed and you will be charged. manufacturing time each personalized order is individually handcrafted by our trained staff. please allow us the adequate production time needed to produce your order with the highest quality standards. most personalized stationery and accessories are usually manufactured and shipped within 3-4 business days of receiving your order, unless otherwise specified on the product detail page. order early: all orders are manufactured as quickly as possible, but heavy work volumes that occur from time to time may cause delays. problems with your order damage: if, upon receipt, you find that your order is not as it should be, please contact our customer service department immediately, using the contact information provided on this web site. any damage must be reported within ten (10) days of delivery. no allowances or credits will be given after this period. returns: we proudly stand behind all our products. we are not happy unless you are completely satisfied. you may return non-personalized items for refund, credit, or replacement, within ten (10) days of receiving your order. before returning any item, contact our customer service department and provide complete details about the item(s) you wish to return. contact information is provided on this web site. items being returned must be in their original packaging and carton. we're sorry, personalized items where we have made no error, cannot be returned. if we make an error in manufacturing your personalized item, we will happily replace it, or issue a full refund for that item. errors in personalized items must be reported to our customer service department within thirty (30) days of receiving your order. we are not responsible for errors in your original copy or print instructions returns should be shipped to: customer service dept. american stationery 100 n. park avenue peru, in 46970 shipping charges are refundable only if we made an error in the original order. no allowances, refunds, credits, exchanges or other adjustments may be made for non-personalized items not returned within ten (10) days from receipt of your order, or for personalized items where we have not been notified of a defect in your order within thirty (30) days of receipt of your order. we work hard to insure your complete satisfaction. we have been satisfying generations of americans since 1919. unfortunately, from time to time, despite our best efforts and intentions, errors do happen. when they do, we will replace the item, or refund your money, without hesitation or argument. the american stationery company, inc. shall not be liable, in any way, for consequential or inconsequential damages or losses sustained, or aggravated, by any errors, omissions or delays in the manufacture or shipping of your order, except as defined within this statement of terms and conditions. our guarantee we guarantee our personalized products and accessory items to be free of manufacturing errors or product defects. should we make an error in your original copy, or written instructions, we will replace your stationery, or any other personalized item, free of charge, if notified within (30) days of receipt of your order. non-personalized items may be returned for replacement or a full cash refund should you be dissatisfied with them for any reason. simply return any unsatisfactory non-personalized item within ten (10) days. ordering alternatives we also accept orders by mail, fax or phone. see the customer service page of this web site for additional information concerning alternative ordering methods. get to know us about us press releases testimonials privacy policy helpful info contact us terms & conditions faq shopping basket track shipment shipment info more products catalog featured products clearance wedding invitations party invitations ncaa tailgating invitations other info the note pad letter writing christmas verses sitemap local items phone center hours: 24 hours a day, 7 days a week © 2002-2012 american stationery company. inc. all rights reserved. american stationery-providing personalized stationery,personalized address labels and quality printed products to american families since 1919. loading... loading...