来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141229161308/http://www.americanstationery.com/testimonials/
================================================================================

american stationery - customer service - testimonials javascript seem to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. shop/help by phone 1.800.822.2577 my account checkout login welcome to american stationery menu search account unique personalized gifts view all unique personalized gifts by recipient view all by recipient for him for her for kids for teens for grads for teachers for mom for dad for newlyweds by product view all by product pens soaps frames candles wooden gifts kitchen items travel accessories photo gifts cups barware glassware gift packaging books envelopes coasters office tech cases clearance by celebrations view all by celebrations for anniversaries for birthdays for babies for weddings for teachers for graduations for new home by holidays view all by holidays easter mother's day graduation father's day fourth of july summer parties back to school fall parties thanksgiving hanukkah winter holidays christmas new years valentine's day st. patrick's day by price view all by price under $20 $20 - $40 $40 - $60 over $60 personalized stationery view all personalized stationery by category view all by category correspondence cards hand bordered stationery fold notes letter sheets memo cubes stick-it notes ensembles gift enclosures calling cards calendars office loose sheets plain sheets self seals envelopes postcards moving by process view all by process thermography letterpress digital/flat embossed foil by recipient view all by recipient for him for her for kids for teens for grads for teachers for mom for dad labels and stampers view all labels and stampers labels view all labels return address labels on rolls return address labels on sheets shipping labels stickers book plates bag tags stampers view all stampers round stampers square stampers quick stamps refills embossers themes view all themes for kids for him for her for new home for valentine's day for easter for graduations for fourth of july for halloween for thanksgiving for hanukkah for christmas for summer for spring for fall for winter for birthdays for st. patricks day for weddings/showers notepads view all notepads by product view all by product business pads single pads multi-pad assortments lined pads memo cubes stick-it pads decorative pads loose sheets in holder refills acrylic holders by recipient view all by recipient for him for her for kids for teens for grads for teachers for mom for dad for newlyweds party accessories view all party accessories cups view all cups clear plastic frost flex styrofoam stadium cups glassware napkins view all napkins beverage buffet luncheon dinner napkin holders party goods view all party goods coasters placemats cutting boards paper plates holiday view all holiday invitations & accessories view all invitations & accessories halloween for him for her for boys for girls graduation save-the-date wedding shower baby shower bachelorette shower rehearsal dinner anniversaries cocktails and dinner christmas hannukkah seasonal parties holiday cards view all holiday cards all holiday cards photo holiday cards traditional holiday cards design your own view all design your own by product view all by product hand bordered stationery correspondence cards fold notes notepads with holder bag tags return address labels cups napkins coasters gift enclosures my account checkout login your cart is empty. home > american stationery - customer service - testimonials closefor an additional fee of $6 you can get your stationery gift wrapped. your gift message is included on an attractive gift card. testimonials polly h. thank you so much for fixing my embosser, which wasn't even your product! thank you again. i will use your company for future purposes. edna l. thank you so much for your assistance. speaking with you was so refreshing. charlotte w. it has always been a pleasure doing business with you. keep up the good work. jim b. thank you so much for this excellent customer service. this is the kind of thing that really builds customer loyalty. joyce h. i have personally done business with american stationery for many years. your company stands far above all others. adelle b. the stationery arrived in perfect condition. we are very pleased, and this explains why we return time and again to your company. hilary l. i am very pleased with your quality of service. i will be ordering more products from american stationery. thank you for taking good care of your clients. laurie o. i am a happy customer-forevermore, and i will recommend american stationery to all my friends and relatives. melissa m. i will be sure to pass along to my friends the excellent service and pleasant experience i had with your company. becky b. i received 50 note cards and envelopes from a neighbor as a gift. they are beautiful. kim f. i love your sheets and envelopes. shelly m. i received my order and it looks fantastic. caroline m. i received my order of stationery. i am pleased with the order. kelly v. i enjoy your products. chris z. i received my order and would like to thank you for the very fine job your staff did on it. again thank you. cynthia g. i just received my gazillionth box of stationery from your company. it was however, far nicer than i thought it was going to be! janet e. i love the faber-castell silver gel ink pen i ordered from your company. i love that it comes with 2 refills. sylvia b. i have been ordering stationery from your company for about 45 years and have always been very pleased. terri a. i just received my stationery…. it's absolutely gorgeous! thank you for a job well done! adrienne a. i have had the pleasure of ordering and receiving a fine product. anne s. i am a happy past customer. i like a ton of your stuff! tena p. my order arrived yesterday and i am very pleased with it. rachel l. i love your products. kris l. we have bought many of your products and have suggested them to friends. we have always been very satisfied. amy g. i have purchased personalized note cards for the past several years, and i have truly enjoyed the style. jeanne h. i ordered embossed notes and they are gorgeous! linda a. i received my order and i think the note cards and stationery are wonderful. anne marie m. thank you for your excellent customer service. i will definitely order again and again. sam h. my order arrived today. thanks for the good service. melani h. the order is beautiful, thank you. cathy g. your web site is so easy to use. i ordered several presents and the recipients loved them. i will be ordering more. thanks. mary linda d. i love your product! cindy b. thank you for your ultra-quick reply. you are the best! i am immediately going to your web site and ordering. thank you. jennifer b. twice i have ordered a lovely return address label from you. thank you! sylvia g. the notes were lovely! thanks for all your help. lynn d. please accept my heartfelt thanks for doing an order for the cards for me so quickly. i never expected such fast service. ginger r. i got my order. all is great. thank you. michelle s. your products look great. miss n. thank you for the beautiful products. maria o. i have several note card sets, which i ordered from your company. i am very happy with the products. mavis h. i just received my order of embossed notes. the paper quality is very nice, and the embossing is lovely. rosemary r. i just wanted to let you know how extremely pleased i am with your company and your products. i have told all my friends about you. laura s. my stationery is lovely and well worth the money. the embossing looks great and i like the paper quality. judy y. i received my order over the weekend and am completely satisfied! trisha w. i love your products. donald w. i just received my order and it was perfect. james r. i have ordered from you many times and your company is excellent. wendy r. i placed three orders recently and am very pleased with everything. thanks. lisa w. your products look very nice. s.g. my order arrived today. everything is great. the embossed notes look wonderful. dawn w. this order is wonderful!!! keep up the good work. deanna n. i received my order and the cards are beautiful. marcia s. i ordered luggage tags, and was very pleased with them. christina m. your catalog is wonderful!! joan k. i ordered your impressionist umbrellas and they are beautiful. sally g. thank you so much for my recent order. you guys are the greatest! i am most pleased with all the stationery i received and will certainly sing your praises to my friends. again…my warmest thanks… ray ann f. you have a nice selection. lisa d. i received 2 sets of beautiful stationery today. thank you. debra b. i have ordered from american stationery many times and am always very pleased. i have recommended you to my friends. beverly w. i received my order and i'm quite impressed. it's beautiful high quality stationery i'm sure to enjoy using. thank you for your prompt service. i will be placing some more orders soon. joanne w. i love your web site. susan p. i just wanted to thank you for rapidly processing my recent order. i am truly impressed with the care and concern you showed on my order. thank you for offering such great products. you have won a customer for life! april s. i have ordered labels from you many times and i love them. renee r. i have the pink and white striped notes and absolutely love them. david r. my order is wonderful. thank you for all your assistance. lois r. i just placed an order through your web site and it was an extremely easy process. thanks for thinking of the end user. ginny o. i like your stationery. rita h. recently i received some beautiful stationery. i love it. pam g. my order arrived today and it is lovely and perfect. thanks so much. get to know us about us press releases testimonials privacy policy helpful info contact us terms & conditions faq shopping basket track shipment shipment info more products catalog featured products clearance the american wedding mygatsby invitations other info the note pad letter writing christmas verses local items sitemap get valuable offers catalog quick shop quick links visit our blog follow us on facebook follow us on twitter follow us on pinterest phone center hours: 24 hours a day, 7 days a week © 2002-2013 american stationery company. inc. all rights reserved. american stationery-providing personalized stationery,personalized address labels and quality printed products to american families since 1919. loading...