来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161223191828/https://www.swell.com/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - swell free shipping on all orders over $79 + free returns! free shipping $79 & up + free returns swell live support my account sign in register my cart my favourites close my cart close my favourites back close mens mens home new arrivals accessories apparel footwear tops flannels hoodies + sweatshirts jackets polos shirts sweaters tanks tees view all tops bottoms boardshorts jeans pants shorts view all bottoms footwear boots sandals shoes slippers socks view all footwear accessories bags + backpacks belts grooming hats socks sunglasses underwear wallets watches view all accessories lifestyle accessories beach accessories cameras + accessories camping + outdoor tech accessories towels view all lifestyle accessories surf gear surf hardware surfboards wetsuits view all surf gear sale accessories apparel footwear all mens sale all youth boys all mens view all brands 1-800-255-7873 free shipping over $79 + free returns! * womens womens home new arrivals accessories apparel footwear view all new arrivals dresses maxi dresses mini dresses view all dresses tops hoodies jackets shirts sweaters tanks tees view all tops bottoms denim pants rompers + jumpsuits shorts skirts view all bottoms swimwear boardshorts bottoms cover ups one piece rashguards tops view all swimwear footwear booties boots heels + wedges sandals shoes slippers socks view all footwear activewear intimates accessories bags + backpacks hats jewelry socks sunglasses wallets watches view all accessories sale accessories apparel footwear all womens sale all youth girls all womens view all brands 1-800-255-7873 free shipping over $79 + free returns! * accessories accessories home new arrivals mens womens mens accessories bags + backpacks belts grooming hats socks sunglasses underwear wallets watches view all mens accessories womens accessories bags + backpacks hats jewelry socks sunglasses wallets watches view all womens accessories lifestyle accessories beach accessories cameras + accessories camping + outdoor tech accessories towels sale mens womens all accessories view all brands 1-800-255-7873 free shipping over $79 + free returns! * footwear footwear home new arrivals mens womens mens footwear boots sandals shoes slippers socks view all mens womens footwear booties boots heels + wedges sandals shoes slippers socks view all womens kids footwear boys girls toddler + baby view all kids sale mens womens all footwear view all brands 1-800-255-7873 free shipping over $79 + free returns! * surf gear surf gear home new arrivals mens wetsuits surf hardware womens wetsuits surfboards beginner fish hybrids longboards performance shortboards softboards stand up paddle view all boards mens wetsuits boots, hoods + gloves fullsuits rashguards springsuits wetsuits jackets, vests, shorts view all mens wetsuits womens wetsuits boots, hoods + gloves fullsuits rashguards springsuits surf tops + bottoms view all womens wetsuits kids wetsuits skate completes cruisers view all skate surf hardware standup accessories surf leashes surfboard bags surfboard fins traction view all surf hardware assorted hardware bodyboard accessories cameras + accessories racks + tie downs sunscreen surf hats surf wax + accessories swim fins + accessories tools + ding repair wet/dry bags + change mats view all assorted hardware sale mens wetsuits surf hardware womens wetsuits all surf gear view all brands 1-800-255-7873 free shipping over $79 + free returns! * brands top a-e the academy brand afends banks barney cools billabong brixton brother's marshall burton byrd captain fin co catch surf the critical slide society da fin dakine deus ex machina electric element epokhe top f-m fcs free people futures globe gopro herschel hippytree huf hurley iron & resin katin l-space levi's levi's skateboarding lost maaji matisse mollusk top n-r nixon o'neill oakley olukai ourcaste patagonia poler quiksilver raen reef rhythm rip curl roark rollas roxy rusty rvca top s-z sbicca sea gypsies seychelles slowtide stance steve madden swell tipsy elves ugg vans volcom xcel zanerobe all brands view all brands 1-800-255-7873 free shipping over $79 + free returns! * sale mens accessories bottoms footwear tops all mens sale womens accessories activewear bottoms dresses footwear intimates swimwear tops all womens sale kids boys girls toddler + baby all kids sale footwear boys girls mens toddler + baby womens all footwear sale accessories bags + backpacks hats jewelry lifestyle accessories sunglasses tech accessories towels wallets watches all accessories sale surf gear mens wetsuits surf hardware womens wetsuits all surf gear sale 1-800-255-7873 free shipping over $79 + free returns! * collections blog ordering faqs | shipping faqs | e-gift cards | pricing | payment | returns | store credit | promotions | ordering faqs how do i search items on swell? you can search for items on swell a number of ways. the easiest way is to browse through the categories on the top menu of the site. you can then refine the search by category, brand and size. alternatively, you can go directly to your favourite brands and refine through category and size. if you know the style name of what you want, you can enter this into the "search" on the top of any page on the site and we will find you everything related to your search. once you have found your desired item, click "add it to my cart" to start the order process. what forms of payment do you accept? swell is proud to accept visa, mastercard, american express and discover. we also accept paypal. we do not accept cash, cheques or cash-on-delivery (c.o.d.). can i make a change to an existing order? sure. you may make changes to your order up until your order has begun being processed. please contact us by live chat or email with the order modifications you would like. please note that not all changes can be guaranteed as the order may be too far into the shipping process. ensuring that your order is correct in the review & buy section of the site is always the best policy to save any disappointment at a later date. if your modification cannot be made, please remember that our returns policy is friendly and flexible, so most changes can be made after the order is received. how can i track the status of my order? when your order ships from our fulfillment centre, you will receive an email confirmation with your shipment tracking number and a link to the shipping company website .if you have any issues with this, please contact our customer service department and we can assist you. why is my tracking information not appearing? even though your package has shipped, it may take up to 48 hours for tracking information to appear on a carrier’s website. this is due to the timing of updates made by the carrier’s tracking system. please refer to the estimated delivery dates that appear on your order confirmation email. if the estimated delivery dates have passed and the carrier’s tracking information hasn't changed, our customer service team is happy to help. email customerservice@swell.com or call 1-800-255-7873 from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm pt, monday through friday. where's my confirmation email? if you did not receive a confirmation email within a few minutes of successfully placing your order then you may have entered your email address incorrectly. another reason you may not have received the email is if your isp flagged our confirmation email as spam. all confirmation emails are sent from customerservice@swell.com please contact us by live chat or email with your full name and order number and we will confirm your order. how do i cancel my order? you may cancel your order up until your order has begun being processed. please contact our customer service department by live chat or email. we will send an email confirming the order cancellation. can i order by phone, email or fax? to protect your security, we do not accept orders via phone. to place an order please use the shopping cart on our website - our friendly staff will be happy to help you out using the live chat feature. thinking of removing items from your cart? you may instead want to consider saving the items to your wish list for a future purchase. items that you move to your wish list can later be moved back to your shopping cart, or you can send copies of your wish list to others in hopes of making your wishes come true. please note, items added to your wish list do not ensure later availability. (you must login to use the wish list feature). you may always login by clicking "sign in" on the menu bar at the top of any page. how do i use a promotional code? to use the promotional code you have to enter it into the checkout of your order. after you have finished shopping, click on your shopping bag. underneath the items added is a "promo/voucher code" input. enter your promo code into this section and click apply. the discount will then be applied to your order and can be finished as usual. please note: promotional codes can only be used once and cannot be combined with any other discount or promotion. can i purchase a gift card online? currently gift vouchers are not available to purchase. please check back soon as they will be added shortly. how do i redeem my gift card? you must create/login to account to redeem. to use your card first, you will need to assign the credit to your account. log into your account and go to the credit section on the left hand side. here you can enter your gift card reference in the box and then click “add gift card”: carry on through the checkout and on the payment page you will be given the option to pay by gift card. select your gift card and click “pay by gift card”: if the balance due on your order exceeds the card balance, you may use another accepted payment method to complete your purchase. any unused portion of your swell gift card or e-gift card will remain for future use. how can i check my swell gift card balance? you must create/login to your account to redeem. to use your card, first you will need to assign the credit to your account. log into your account and go to the credit section on the left hand side. here you can enter your gift card reference in the box and then click “add gift card” click here can i transfer my gift card balance to another swell account, or cash it out? unused swell gift card and e-gift card balances may not be transferred to another account. swell gift cards and e-gift cards are not eligible for a cash refund unless required by applicable state law. what if i am ordering and there is an error in the checkout? if you have any technical issues whilst using the site, please contact our customer service department and we will assist you immediately. what currency are swell prices displayed in? all prices are shown in u.s dollars. how do i keep up to date with happenings and new items on the site? the best way to stay up to date with swell.com is to add yourself to our mailing list. weekly emails are sent out updating customers on new brands, new stock deliveries and stylish ways to put together outfits. alternatively, check out our new arrivals section under each main category. do you have a size guide? yes, we have an extensive range of size guides for our clothing, wetsuits, snow gear, accessories and footwear for men, women and children. they are accessible in the viewing of most items on the site with the sizes available. shipping faqs how do i know my order is shipped? once your order is confirmed by email it is processed by our warehouse and dispatch department. the items are personally folded and enclosed safely in a satchel/box with your personal invoice. your address is printed onto the packaging and collected from us personally by the carriers. we will email you a shipping confirmation containing what you ordered, where it is going to as well as the tracking number and a link to the carrier's site. how will my order be shipped? we understand the need to get your order to you as quickly and safely as possible. with our network of couriers and postal services, we can offer the best option for you dependent on size, weight and speed of delivery. in the united states our main carriers are united states postal service (usps) and fedex. dhl is primarily used for international orders. what happens if my items get lost in the mail? the first thing to do is contact the carrier your order was sent with and quote your tracking number that was sent to you in your confirmation email. if your items are unable to be located by the carrier, we will lodge an inquiry from our end. for further information, please contact your local customs office or customerservice@swell.com.. what happens if i receive an incorrect item? if you receive an incorrect item in your order, please contact our customer service department right away and we will arrange for the correct item to be sent to you. we will also arrange or reimburse for return postage of the incorrect item. does it cost me anything to use the swell smartlabel to return an item? swell offers free returns. do you ship internationally? yes swell partners with dhl to provide fast and reliable shipping to most corners of the world. are there brands and products that cannot be shipped outside of the u.s.? swell offers international shipping on most items. however, certain brands and products are not eligible to ship outside of the u.s. these restrictions can be viewed here. returns faqs what is your returns policy? swell is committed to customer satisfaction. if you receive merchandise that you are unhappy with for any reason, simply return it within 30 days - in the condition you received it for a full refund or store credit that never expires. after 30 days and up to 60 days we will issue a store credit. final sale and non-refundable items may not be eligible for a refund or store credit. how do i return an item? there are two ways to ship purchases back to us: on your own or by using our smartlabel technology. whichever option you choose, include your completed packing slip form, remove or cover the original shipping label and seal the package securely with tape. where do i ship my return? order # _swell returns department121 waterworks way suite 101irvine, ca 92618 for your security, we recommend insuring packages against loss and retaining the tracking number. swell cannot accept cod deliveries and is not responsible for customer returns that are not received. do you pay for my return shipping? swell offers free returns. do i return surfrider items directly to swell? yes. if you're a surfrider foundation member and wish to return your surfrider product purchase, swell's standard return policy will apply. store credit what is store credit? when returning items, you have the option to receive a refund to the order’s original payment method, or store credit which can be used conveniently for future orders on swell. to request store credit, check the account credit option on your packing slip. or request it directly from the customer service representative assisting with your return. what are the benefits to choosing store credit? store credit never expires and is stored safely and conveniently in your my account until it’s fully redeemed. can store credit be combined with coupons or discounts? yes! any eligible coupon or discount can be used with store credit or any other payment method you select. i have store credit. how did i get it? store credit is issued to customers who checked the account credit option on the packing slip or customers who requested it directly from a customer service representative who assisted with a return. additionally, as an extended return window, store credit is issued to customers who returned products after 60 days and before 180 of purchase. before 60 days of purchase, customers have the option off returning items for a refund to the order’s original payment method. store credit has always been a feature of swell, however in january 2014 it was made available online for customers to view and redeem themselves in checkout without requiring the assistance of a representative. if you have any questions about your balance, you may contact the customer service team at 1-800-255-7873 from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm pt, monday through friday. when will my store credit become available? please allow approximately two to three weeks for the shipping and processing of your return. once your return is processed, an email will be sent to you confirming your return. your store credit is available at that time. how do i use store credit? the easiest way to use store credit is by applying it in checkout. be sure to log in with your swell account. when store credit is available, it appears in the payment step next to a yellow apply store credit button. what if i don’t have enough store credit to cover my order total? if you don’t have enough store credit to cover your order total, the credit card page will appear during checkout where you can select or add a credit card. store credit cannot be combined with swell gift cards or paypal. how can i check my store credit balance? your store credit balance is listed on the store credit page in my account. if you placed your order by checking out as guest and you have not registered, your store credit notification email includes a link to create a password. then simply sign in to view and use your store credit. store credit balances may also be obtained by contacting the customer service team at 1-800-255-7873 from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm pt, monday through friday. can i receive store credit for returned items purchased with paypal? currently the amount for returned items purchased with paypal must be refunded to paypal and cannot be given as store credit. can store credit be redeemed on the swell mobile site? currently store credit is not redeemable on the mobile site, but will be soon. promotion codes why isn't my promo code working? your cart may contain one or more items that are excluded from the promotional offer. please see terms and conditions below regarding promotion codes. how is the promotion discount applied? to use a promotion code, enter the promo code in the cart or checkout. when a valid code is entered, the discount will automatically apply and be shown in your order summary. discount cannot be combined with other offers. only one discount code will be accepted per order. if you are still having issues, please reach out to our customer service team. what are the terms and conditions of promotion codes? discounts are only applied to valid items in your cart/order. we have the right to exclude certain products or brands from any promotion. promotion codes are only valid for specific dates and we have the right to end the promotional period early if deemed necessary. if we end the promotion early, the promotion code will not be accepted in the cart. if the promotion code is accepted in the cart, then we will honor the promotion. promotions cannot be applied to orders after the order is placed and the customer has received an order confirmation. call us email us let us help you my account my order status customer service faqs us shipping international shipping returns holiday shipping guide get to know us about us careers contact us blog shop with us mens clothing womens clothing surf gear sale terms and conditions privacy policy affiliate program newsletter © 2016 swell.com. all rights reserved