来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231123746/https://www.swell.com/pages/help
================================================================================

help skip to content join our email list and save 15% off your first order.free shipping on orders over $30 (see details) club s'well rewards help open navigation menu open search new shop all new arrivals s'well studio salad bowl kit xl droplet tote bento box gift guide collabs crayola steffi lynn timothy goodman wölffer estate vineyard drink featured shop all new arrivals best sellers sets sale digital gift card corporate gifting bottles original bottle travelers explorer roamer mugs + tumblers mugs tumblers tumbler with straw tumbler xl accessories brushes blender spring cleaning tablets handles ice tray lids + caps straws shop tumbler xl eat featured shop all new arrivals best sellers sets sale digital gift card corporate gifting insulated containers s'well eats™ ice cream chiller containers bento box salad bowl salad bowl kit xl canisters accessories prep bowls condiment container cutlery set shop marble swirl live featured shop all new arrivals best sellers sale digital gift card corporate gifting barware champagne flute drink chiller wine tumbler shaker wine chiller carafe ice bucket pet pet bowl travel travel bottle set droplet tote personalize s'well studio color printing laser engraving shop all custom gifts corporate gifting color printing laser engraving s'well open search open account page open cart 0 new gift guide collabs drink eat live personalize account new shop all new arrivals s'well studio salad bowl kit xl droplet tote bento box collabs crayola steffi lynn timothy goodman wölffer estate vineyard drink featured bottles mugs + tumblers accessories shop tumbler xl eat featured insulated containers containers accessories shop marble swirl live featured barware pet travel personalize s'well studio color printing laser engraving featured shop all new arrivals best sellers sets sale digital gift card corporate gifting bottles original bottle travelers explorer roamer mugs + tumblers mugs tumblers tumbler with straw tumbler xl accessories brushes blender spring cleaning tablets handles ice tray lids + caps straws featured shop all new arrivals best sellers sets sale digital gift card corporate gifting insulated containers s'well eats™ ice cream chiller containers bento box salad bowl salad bowl kit xl canisters accessories prep bowls condiment container cutlery set featured shop all new arrivals best sellers sale digital gift card corporate gifting barware champagne flute drink chiller wine tumbler shaker wine chiller carafe ice bucket pet pet bowl travel travel bottle set droplet tote s'well studio color printing laser engraving shop all custom gifts corporate gifting 0 your cart is empty continue shopping clear close help general what are s'well products made of? s’well products are made of high-quality, 18/8 food-grade stainless steel. this material is highly resistant to rust and does not need a liner. s’well products are certified to meet all regulatory requirements by an independent and accredited testing facility. in addition, we are compliant with california prop 65 regulations and title 21 of the fda code of federal regulations. your s’well is bpa-free, and provides a sustainable, eco-friendly alternative to single-use plastic water bottles. how does my s'well product work? thanks to our therma-s'well® technology and triple-layered insulation, which includes a copper layer, s'well products are able to keep any liquid hot or cold for long stretches, while maintaining a condensation-free exterior. s'well bottles, travelers, and roamers will keep your beverages colder or hotter, longer than all the rest. s'well barware & tumblers' interiors keep beverages cold or hot for extended periods of time. they do not hold the same thermal claims as other s'well drink products as they are open containers and not fully sealed.please note, s'well product claims are based on tests using water. other beverages may have varying results. please see our care section for the full scoop on how to use your s’well product safely and effectively! can i use my s'well products to store drinks and keep them fresh? you can contact us through our contact page! we will be happy to assist you. can i fly with my s'well your s’well is airport security friendly, as long as you remember to empty out what’s inside first. bon voyage! will my s'well product sweat? no way! thanks to s’well’s triple-walled insulation, which includes a copper layer, the outside of your s’well will stay completely condensation-free. where are s'well products manufactured? our bottles and beverage containers are thoughtfully designed in new york city and responsibly made in china. how will my s'well be packaged? as s'well evolves, we continue to find new ways to lessen our environmental footprint. in fact, we launched s'ip by s'well with minimal cardboard packaging and we’ve recently updated (and downsized) our s'well packaging to a slim belly band made of paper that has been harvested in a responsible manner. these discreet belly bands contain all the information you'll need about your new product, including care and caution instructions. the band is secured around your s’well with a few glue dots; it should come off with ease. if any residue remains on the product, a little rubbing alcohol (91%) will help it come off without damaging the paint on your bottle. anything stronger than that may compromise the finish.be assured that we have taken the necessary steps to ensure that our products are properly protected during shipping and that we will continue to uphold our standards of excellence with this packaging change. product what can i use my s'well product for? each s’well product is a born multi-tasker—it’s really up to you how you want to integrate it into your lifestyle.looking for inspiration? below we’ve outlined some of the important features of each of our products and a few of our favorite ways to use them.the original bottle: our classic s’well bottle is coveted for a reason: it combines beautiful design with superb quality, and can be used around the clock for all your hydration needs. we love using it for everything from ice water to white wine to green juice. it’ll keep your beverage cold for up to 36 hours and hot for up to 18, and maintain a condensation-free exterior so you’ll never have to worry about it sweating in your bag or making water rings on your desk.the traveler: consider the traveler your go-anywhere go-to. ergonomically designed to fit comfortably in your hand, this new wide mouth shape is optimal for coffee or smoothies on your morning commute, or for hydrating during hikes or workouts. triple-walled insulation keeps beverages cold for up to 36 hours and hot for up to 15.the tumbler: calling all entertainers: the tumbler is about to be your new best friend for all your indoor and outdoor festivities. available in two sizes (10oz and 18oz), the tumbler keeps drinks hot or cold with a condensation-free grip, making it perfect for serving up small batch cocktails at home or sharing a bottle of rosé on the beach. it’s also great for keeping water cold through the night on your bedside table, or throughout the workday at your desk. heading out? our insulated stainless steel tumbler lid instantly transforms the tumbler into the ultimate to-go cup. the lid pops on with ease and is straw-friendly.the roamer: meet your new, on-the-go pitcher: the ready-for-anything roamer. in 40oz and 64oz sizes, it’s ideal for sharing beverages with your whole crew. it will keep you hydrated on all your big adventures—think long hikes, road trips and camping excursions—and keep carbonated beverages (like beer) fresh and bubbly at tailgate parties or trips to the brewery.the 40oz roamer keeps beverages cold for up to 48 hours and hot for up to 16, and maintains a condensation-free exterior. its ergonomic handle and base ledge make for easy carrying and pouring. the handle of s’well roamers is made of tritan, which is bpa-free, and is not intended for removal.how do you use your s’well? tag @swellbottle and #swellbottle for a chance to be featured on our social media accounts!please see our care & caution section for the full scoop on how to use your s’well product safely and effectively! care can i put my s'well products in the refrigerator, freezer or microwave? we do not recommend putting your s’well in the refrigerator, freezer or microwave, as it can damage the bottle and its vacuum seal. but not to worry—you probably won’t have to warm or cool your beverage. thanks to s’well’s genius, triple-layer technology, your drink should stay cold for up to 36 hours and hot for up to 18. (this pertains to our lidded products, such as our original bottle, traveler and roamer.) how do i clean my s'well? s'well products should be cleaned regularly—we recommend washing your bottle with warm water and soap after every use and drying and storing it with the top off. our s’well bottle brush is a great tool to ensure your bottle stays thoroughly clean. avoid submerging your bottle and cap in water for long periods of time as this will interfere with the vacuum seal.s'well bottles are not dishwasher safe! running a s’well through the dishwasher can cause paint to chip and the vacuum seal to become ineffective. after washing your s'well, we recommend that you dry your beverage container by airing it out upside down and storing it with the lid off. this will help keep your s’well looking and smelling fresh. what should i be aware of while using and taking care of my s'well bottle? s’well products should only be used for their intended purposes. do not place your s’well in the microwave. do not place your s’well in the freezer. do not overfill; hot liquids can burn user. to prevent spills and leaks, the lid needs to be properly and fully tightened to ensure airtight seal. s’well products are not intended for the long-term storage of liquids. alcohol, some juices, and dairy-based beverages can spoil and may cause excessive pressure buildup in your bottle, which can lead to lid failure and injury.if you are using your s’well to enjoy a fizzy soda, some bubbly, or another carbonated beverage, please use caution when opening. the airtight seal maintains the pressure required for all those bubbles. however, we don’t want you to spray some champagne on your favorite jacket or have the cap get away from you. if using with carbonated beverages, never point the bottle at anyone when opening.s’well tumblers, even paired with our lid, are not enclosed and may spill if not handled with care. hot beverages can cause serious injury if spilled on user, so remember to exercise caution when using this product. misuse of the s’well roamer and its handle may result in injury, as well as cause premature wear and tear of the beverage container. misuse of the swing cap and its handle may result in injury, as well as cause premature wear and tear of the bottle. what should i be aware of while using my s'well cleaning tablets? do not mix with other chemicals. do not swallow. do not get in eyes. keep out of reach of children and pets.first aid treatment: if swallowed, call a poison control center or doctor immediately. do not induce vomiting. if in eyes, rinse with water for 15 minutes.contains: protease enzyme, oxygen-based bleaching agent 15-30%, anionic surfactants <5%. for more ingredient information, please visit urnex.com/sds or call 800-222-2826. extended care instructions do not use abrasive cleaners or scrubbing agents since doing so may dull the finish of your s’well eats™ and s’nack by s'well™. never use bleach or cleaners containing chlorine. s’well eats™ and s’nack by s'well™ are made of stainless steel, which should not retain flavor or odors, but if you've already given your product a thorough clean (with warm soapy water and air drying with the lid removed, as suggested) you may try mixing a solution of 1/4 cup vinegar and 3/4 tablespoon of baking soda; let bowl or container soak in solution overnight; rinse thoroughly and air dry. if the interior of your s’well eats™ or s’nack by s'well™ becomes stained, you can try mixing a solution of warm water and two tablespoons of baking soda; let solution soak inside product for one hour; rinse thoroughly and air dry. to remove stubborn stains, let solution soak inside your s’well eats™ or s’nack by s'well™ overnight. never use bleach or cleaners containing chlorine. sometimes the gasket, which is located inside the lid of both s’well eats™ or s’nack by s'well™, needs cleaning. the gasket is dishwasher safe, but placing it within a dishwasher basket is recommended. alternatively, you may mix your own cleaning solution of 1/4 cup vinegar and 3/4 tablespoon of baking soda; let gasket soak in solution overnight; rinse thoroughly and air dry. avoid submerging your s’well eats™ and s’nack by s'well™ products in water for long periods of time as this may interfere with the vacuum seal. for any further questions or concerns about cleaning our food items, please email swellhelp@lifetimebrands.com. payment what forms of payment does s'well accept on www.swell.com? s'well accepts most major credit cards, including: visa, american express, mastercard and discover. s'well also accepts payments from paypal, afterpay, and shop pay. how can i use my gift card? we are temporarily unable to redeem s'well gift cards for online purchases. if you would like to redeem your s'well gift card please call us at 877-801-6143 and we will be happy to assist. my order is not going through, what should i do? if you are experiencing issues placing an order try the following steps: confirm your billing information is correct, especially your zipcode. verify with your bank the transaction has been approved.should you continue to experience issues, please contact our customer experience team. warranty information what is the warranty on s'well products? s'well offers a lifetime limited warranty. this fine product is warranted to be free from defects in material and workmanship. any piece found to be defective under normal use and care will be replaced at no charge with the same item or an item of equal or better value. individual pieces should be returned postage prepaid to:s'well, c/o lifetime brands, inc., customer service department, p.o. box 9750, trenton, nj 08650‑1750.you may have other rights, which vary from state to state. residents of the state of california please call (800) 252‑3390 for further instructions. press inquiries who should i contact for press inquiries? for all press inquiries please contact us at press@swell.com can't find your answer?contact ussubmit an email to info@swell.com detailing your request, and where possible please include your order number.our s'well experts will answer your request within 24 hours (during business hours m-f). for time sensitive issues, please contact us at 1-877-801-6143 monday through friday between the hours of 9am and 5pm est. customer service help shipping & returns payment methods warranty policies contact us our company about gift cards offers club s’well s'well supports s'well authenticity resources wholesale corporate sales email preferences careers customer reviews legal privacy policy *updated 6/17/24 accessibility statement terms of use sms terms of use club s'well terms of use patents pending do not sell my information california ab1200 join our communitysign up to be the first to hear about our limited-edition collections, exclusive products and more.e-mail subscribe © 2024, s'well | a division of lifetime brands, inc. all rights reserved. phone number subscribe subscribe to marketing communication *by subscribing to s'well text messaging on 36761, you agree to receive recurring automated marketing text msgs (e.g. cart reminders) to the mobile number used at opt-in. consent is not a condition of purchase. msg frequency may vary. msg & data rates may apply. reply help for help and stop to cancel. see terms and conditions & privacy policy. cancel confirm