来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221223040447/https://www.bebe.com/pages/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | bebe my bag close $0$150 left caret sign up for email and sms, receive 20% off free u.s. shipping on orders $150+ right caret bebe bebe q q search search 0 featured bandage dresses bridal logo lounge & active night out print shop sets special occasion tailoring vacation shop weekend vibes new all new arrivals best sellers valentine gift guide gift guide valentine shop clothing all clothing best sellers dresses all dresses sale logo dresses sweater dresses bodycon dresses mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses special occasion dresses jumpsuits & rompers intimates tops all tops sale sweaters hoodies blouses tees & tanks crop tops bodysuits bottoms sale denim leggings pants skirts shorts denim jackets activewear sleepwear logo sale dresses all dresses bandage dresses bodycon dresses denim dresses little black dresses logo dresses mini dresses midi dresses maxi dresses special occasion dresses sweater dresses white dresses sale denim logo all logo sale activewear bottoms dresses hats tops shoes accessories all accessories sale bags belts hats shoes sunglasses watches sale all sale final sale accessories bottoms denim dresses logo shoes tops new > valentine gift guide > clothing > dresses accessories > sale info clubbebe gift cards affiliates accessibility statement accessibility mode terms of use ca privacy rights reviews customer service contact us faqs track order shipping returns size guide < new new arrivals best sellers bandage dresses bridal logo lounge & active night out print shop sets tailoring vacation shop weekend vibes special occasion sweater dresses < valentine gift guide gift guide valentine shop < clothing all clothing best sellers dresses jumpsuits & rompers intimates tops bottoms denim jackets activewear sleepwear logo sale < dresses < accessories all accessories sale bags belts hats shoes sunglasses watches < sale < info clubbebe gift cards affiliates accessibility statement accessibility mode terms of use ca privacy rights reviews < customer service contact us faqs track order shipping returns size guide new clothing dresses tops bottoms sale customer service faqs contact us ordering clubbebe terms & conditions shipping returns my account size chart about bebe our brand & stores licensing & wholesale affiliates international privacy policy accessibility statement select options down caret customer service faqs contact us ordering clubbebe terms & conditions shipping returns my account size chart about bebe our brand & stores licensing & wholesale affiliates international privacy policy accessibility statement client services faqs ordering & shipping questions return questions clubbebe questions rating & review questions store location & product questions faqs & answers on proposition 65 ordering & shipping questions covid-19 updates down caret as the situation around novel corona-virus (covid-19) continues to evolve, we are doing everything we can to maintain the highest standards of cleanliness and hygiene to keep our customers and employees safe and healthy. additionally, we continue to monitor for government updates on new regulations issued on a daily basis and adapt as needed. our online store is currently fully functional and we will continue to launch new products for our customers. due to the additional precautions our fulfillment center is taking, please expect a delay in shipping and return processing. ground orders can be expected to ship from our distribution center within 3-5 business days. refunds on eligible returns will be processed within 10 business days from receipt. why isn’t my promo code working? down caret promo codes always contain qualifiers. please make sure you have reached the right amount of pre-tax sale dollars, the correct number of items or any of the other conditions that apply to the promotion. please verify that you have provided the correct code. if you are still having trouble, please contact client services. how much is shipping and handling? down caret we offer a range of shipping options. please see shipping for details. how do i place an international order? down caret bebe.com has partnered with a trusted third-party company, borderfree, to fulfill orders for our international customers. please note that borderfree coordinates your bebe.com order and is responsible for all billing and shipping issues related to your international order. when you visit bebe.com, borderfree should automatically detect which country you are ordering from and display prices in your local currency. if you wish to shop based on a different location and currency, click the flag icon in the upper-left corner of any page on bebe.com. from there you will be able to select the country you would like to ship to and your currency. once your preferred location and currency are set, simply place the items you wish to purchase in your bag and go to checkout. shipping fees as well as duties and taxes will be calculated by borderfree during checkout, and all shipping options available for your location will be provided. if you have a customer service issue related to your international order, please call client services at 877-bebe-777 (877-232-3777) to contact us, and we'll be happy to assist you. can i use a gift card with my bebe.com purchase? down caret gift cards are accepted when shopping on bebe.com. just enter the number and pin in the appropriate section while checking out. for use online only. something i purchased is now on sale. can i receive a price adjustment? down caret unfortunately, due to high demand for merchandise and availability issues, we do not currently allow price adjustments. how do i know if my order is complete? down caret you'll see a confirmation page after you complete your shopping experience. then you'll receive a confirmation email detailing the items purchased, estimated ship date and final cost. please allow 3-5 business days to process your order due to additional precautions our fulfillment center is taking. can i cancel or change my order? down caret once an order is “in process” it can’t be cancelled or changed. you’ll have to wait until you receive your purchase and then return it. for complete details on returning an item, please see our returns page. how do i track my order? down caret once your order ships, we'll send you an email that contains tracking info and links. if your order has shipped to a location in the united states, you can also click the “track order” link at the bottom of any page on bebe.com or sign in to my account and follow the tracking link under "order history." still have questions? please call client services at 877-bebe-777 (877-232-3777) to contact us, and we'll be happy to assist you. what if my order doesn't arrive? down caret sometimes shipping delays can occur. if your package doesn’t arrive within the timeframe quoted on bebe.com, please call client services at 877-bebe-777 (877-232-3777) to contact us, and we'll be happy to assist you. if necessary, we can help you file a ups claim. investigations into ups shipments usually take 2-3 weeks. what if items are missing from my order? down caret if anything is missing from your bebe.com order once it arrives, please call client services at 877-bebe-777 (877-232-3777) to contact us, and we'll be happy to assist you. if necessary, we can help you file a ups claim. investigations into ups shipments usually take 2-3 weeks. please keep your shipment’s original packaging as ups may use it as evidence. can i place an order by phone? down caret yes, you can place an order by phone. call client services at 877-bebe-777 (877-232-3777) during operating hours to order by phone (6 am - 8 pm pt m - f; 9 am - 5 pm pt weekends). stay by your computer to refer to necessary information to assist the agent or have the style information available, including size, color and sku or style number as a reference. return questions how do i make a return? down caret we hope you love your bebe.com purchase, but if you're not happy with what you bought, you can return your new, unworn, regular-priced items within 30 days of receiving for a refund, or if you are a u.s. customer, bebe.com credit. final sale items: any styles listed as final sale are not eligible for refund, store credit, exchange, or return. all intimates are considered final sale. all items that do not meet our return criteria (listed below) or are sent back without prior authorization will be considered forfeited and will be handled at bebe’s sole discretion. this may include a $5 restocking fee. we also are unable to accept returns of items that show signs of damage, including stains, pet hair, rips/tears or odors such as perfume or sweat. for orders shipped within the united states, customers will be charged $7 for the return shipping label fee, which will be deducted from the refund you receive for your return. to return a u.s. order, click below to start the process and access your shipping label: make a returnfor orders shipped outside of the united states, your return fee will be calculated by borderfree based on your location. to return an international order, please call client services at 877-bebe-777 (877-232-3777) during operating hours (6 am - 8 pm pt m - f; 9 am - 5 pm pt weekends). once your international return is approved by our client services team, borderfree will email you a return shipping label. customers are also able to return the package using a carrier of their choice to the following address: 2250 roswell drive, suite 200 pittsburgh, pa 15205 receiving hours are m-f 7a-2p excluding holidays. what items can i return? down caret returned clothes and accessories must be in new, unworn condition without any damage and with all original tags attached. when appropriate, we recommend you try on clothing with an undergarment. please note that final sale items are not eligible for return this includes specific sale styles that have been identified, intimates, and swimwear. we also are unable to accept returns of items that show signs of damage, including stains, rips/tears or odors such as perfume or sweat. can i use my own return shipping label instead of the label provided by bebe.com? down caret we strongly advise shipping your return through our carrier with the shipping label that we provide. unfortunately, bebe cannot take responsibility for the loss of any return shipped using a different method. can i ship return items from multiple orders using the same shipping label? down caret we do not recommend shipping return items from multiple orders in the same package with the same shipping label. doing so will cause a delay in processing your returns. how soon will i get my refund? down caret once your items are inspected by the store, you'll get your refund typically within 10-20 business days from the date your package is received in our facility. you will not be notified when your package arrives to our facility, so we do recommend that you save your tracking number so that you can track your package. this will also help you time the processing of your refund.  if you do not receive an email notification from us within 20 business days from the day your package arrived to our facility. how do i exchange an item? down caret due to limited merchandise quantities and the constantly evolving fashion selection on bebe.com, we currently do not process exchanges of bebe.com merchandise. in order to get the item(s) you want as quickly as possible, simply place a new order and return the unwanted item(s) within the policy window for a refund. when we receive your return, we'll issue you a refund within 10-14 business days. click here for our returns policy. clubbebe questions what is clubbebe? down caret clubbebe is bebe's customer loyalty program where you earn points towards rewards. for all clubbebe member levels except for icon, you will earn 1 point for every $1 you spend. once you reach icon level, you will receive 1.5 points for every $1 you spend. every 250 points may be redeemed for a $10 clubbebe reward. more information about clubbebe, including registration details, is available by going to www.bebe.com/clubbebe. how do i sign up for clubbebe? down caret to sign up, go to www.bebe.com/clubbebe. what if i forget my bebe account password? down caret to find your information, click on "forgot your password?" on the sign in page. you will then need to follow the instructions to create a new password. how do i change my password? down caret click on "profile" under the my account section. you'll then enter your old password and create a new one. still having trouble signing in? please contact us. how do i earn points? down caret to earn points, create an account on bebe.com. it only takes seconds, and you’ll earn 50 welcome points and begin earning points as you shop. please see below for additional ways to earn points. 200 points for referring a friend via your clubbebe dashboard - limit 2 times per month. referred friends must be new clubbebe customers. 200-point reward only valid if friend makes purchase on bebe.com & not valid if friend's purchase is returned. 500 points on your birthday - if your birthday is within the next 30 days, your reward will be granted in delay, up to 30 days. points cannot be retroactively added. 20 points for following bebe on instagram 20 points for visiting our facebook page - limit one time per month. 25 points for reviewing an item you purchased - limit 3 times per month. 1 point per $1 spent on bebe.com how do i check my points? down caret sign in to my account and select "dashboard." you can also contact us or call client services at 877-bebe-777 (877-232-3777) with any questions about your clubbebe account. why don't i see my 50 welcome points? down caret once you've signed up for clubbebe on bebe.com, you will receive 50 welcome points. it may take up to 72 hours for these points to appear in your account. how do i redeem rewards? down caret clubbebe points are redeemed in 250 point or $10 increments up to 11,500 points or $500. how many points do i need to get free shipping? how long does it last? down caret once you've accumulated at least 1,000 points and become an elite or icon member, you’ll receive free standard shipping within the 50 united states for one year on all bebe.com orders. free shipping benefits shall end the earlier of (1) 12 months after the calendar year in which the member earned the requisite number of points or (2) when the member's account is closed or (3) if there are changes to the program. free shipping year(s) do not accumulate and cannot be rolled over; each time you earn a free shipping year, all previous free shipping periods are expired. please note that if you don’t have an existing bebe.com account or if you created a bebe.com account prior to january 15, 2019, you must create a newbebe.com account using the email address that you used to sign up for clubbebe to receive online benefits. if you've done this and you're still not receiving free shipping, please call client services at 877-bebe-777 (877-232-3777) for assistance. i've created an online account. why am i not seeing my points? down caret once you've created your bebe.com account using the email address that you used to sign up for clubbebe, points may take up to approximately 72 hours to appear in your account. if you're still not seeing your points after 72 hours, please contact us or call client services at 877-bebe-777 (877-232-3777) for assistance. please note that if you created a bebe.com account prior to january 15, 2019, you must create a new bebe.com account using the email address that you used to sign up for clubbebe to receive online benefits. how can i stop receiving bebe emails? down caret you may, at any time, update or remove your personal information by contacting client services via email or by clicking on contact us from any page on bebe.com. in addition, if you prefer not to receive information from us through email, you may opt out of receiving bebe emails by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any bebe email that you have received. please note that it may take up to 3 weeks for your request to become effective. thereafter, when you make purchases, we may still send you an email confirmation and may need to contact you by phone, email or regular mail if we have other questions regarding your order. if for any reason you continue to receive email or regular mail from bebe after following the steps above, please contact client services immediately and we'll be happy to assist you. rating & review questions how can i rate and review a product? down caret to rate and review a product, simply click the "write a review" link on the item's product detail page. you will then go through the rating and review process, where you will establish a username and then craft your review. where is my review? down caret your review will live on the product detail page of the item you have reviewed. reviews may take up to 7 business days to be posted. once posted, your review will be available for other guests to read over before they purchase. the most helpful reviews provide lots of details. do i have to buy the item online to review? down caret in order to review, you must have made your purchase on bebe.com. because we want to give other guests the most accurate information possible, we do require that only customers who have purchased a specific item are eligible to review it. please rate and review only those products you have recently purchased. store location & product questions does bebe have physical store locations? down caret currently, our only physical locations are several international bebe store locations. ***please note, online promotions may not apply to international store locations and vice versa.  eligible bebe.com orders can only be returned to bebe.com.  please click on our returns policy for details*** can i get information about a bebe item that i didn’t purchase on bebe.com? down caret unfortunately, our client services team can only assist with questions about items purchased from bebe.com. we do not have information on bebe items sold exclusively through other websites or in stores. faqs & answers on proposition 65 what is proposition 65? down caret proposition 65 is a california law that was approved by california voters in a referendum in 1986. it requires the state to keep a list of chemicals that cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. if a product contains a chemical on the list or contains a chemical in predetermined unacceptable levels that exceed the safe harbor levels as determined by the office of environmental health hazard assessment of the california environmental protection agency, businesses are required to provide a "reasonable warning" to customers prior to exposing them to such chemicals. the list of chemicals and metals covered by proposition 65 now exceeds 800 and can be accessed at http://oehha.ca.gov/prop65/prop65_list/newlist.html. the safe harbor levels can be accessed at http://oehha.ca.gov/prop65/getnsrls.html. what are some examples of products that may contain a chemical on the proposition 65 list? down caret the following types of products are examples that may contain one or more chemicals on the list: jewelry, shoes and rhinestones. this list is neither an exhaustive list nor should it be interpreted to mean that all products containing rhinestones or all products which are jewelry or shoe items contain chemicals on the proposition 65 list. what is your policy for testing? down caret bebe tests for many of the substances in question and, typically, our products contain no such chemicals or are within acceptable levels. however, this is not true for 100% of our products. as a result, we are required by law to post proposition 65 information. back to top shop new clothing dresses jeans logo accessories info clubbebe gift cards affiliates accessibility statement accessibility mode terms of use privacy policy ca privacy rights reviews customer service contact us faqs track order shipping returns size guide don't miss a thing! stay in touch & get 20% off* i consent to receive marketing emails from bebe please enter a valid e-mail address you have successfully joined our newsletter customer care number: 877-232-3777 instagram instagram facebook facebook youtube youtube tiktok © 2023 copyright bebe. all rights reserved. choose country & currency please select the country you would like to ship to and your currency below. country currency shop now