来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231035051/https://www.solidsignal.com/shipping-information
================================================================================

shipping information, our dedication to your delivery | solid signal javascript is disabled on your browser. to view this site, you must enable javascript or upgrade to a javascript-capable browser. request a quote login | register cart (0) your cart is empty $ daily deals tech choice audio video grabber rca to usb (av-grabber) $18.99 list price: $36.99 see all daily deals login | register tv antennas & parts tv antennas & partsshop all tv antennas - indoortv antennas - outdoorantenna mounting supplies back chimney mountsmaststripod mountsmisc. mountswall mountspole mountsnon-penetrating roof mountsantenna adaptersantenna rotators and accessoriespreamplifierssignal combinerssignal splitterstransformers and balunstv antenna distribution amplifiersota receivers, dvrs & converter boxes satellite tv satellite tvshop all directv dishes and lnbsdirectv receiversdirectv remotesdish network dishes and lnbsdish network receiversdish network remotesmultiswitches and signal distributionsatellite accessoriessatellite amplifierssatellite mounting suppliessatellite splitters and taps marine marineshop all marine satellite dishes and lnbsmarine gps and navigationmarine displaysmarine lighting marine antennasmarine antenna mountsmarine shore powermarine radios and accessoriesmarine audio amplifiersmarine audio speakersmarine electrical accessoriesmarine fuel managementmarine navigation accessoriesmarine instrument accessoriesmarine instrumentsmarine multi and repeater instrumentsmarine gaugesmarine radarmarine transducers and accessoriesmarine compassesmarine antenna extendersmarine antenna control unitsmarine safety & securitymarine gps maps audio/video audio/videoshop all photography back bagsfilterslenseslight meterstripods & accessoriesbatteries & powerpro audio back audio interfacesisolationmicrophonesfull duplex communicationpro video back cinema camerasediting (solutions)live switchersmonitors/recordersptz camerasptz controllersptz mountsstoragestudio camerasvideo capture devicesvideo convertersfull duplex communicationwireless video transmissioncard readershome theater back projector and accessoriesinstalled speakersremote controlsspeaker stands and mountsaudio video equipmentremote control extendershome theater mounting suppliestv stands and mountsbatteries and chargerscameras & accessoriesheadphones earbuds and accessorieshome studio equipment & accessoriesprofessional audio & videospeakersvideo capture devices deal of the day black friday sale cyber week sale clearance winegard weboost sale antelope audio top brands top brandsshop all directvweboostwinegarddish networkkingxtreme signaltech choice eartecthe marine guardianking one problackmagic designgarminram mountshumminbirdfusionlowrancebzbgearubiquiti networksaltelixtesscostarlinkc.cranecommscopeeasy uptelevesperfect visionventevpctellaird connectivityblonder tongueuniversal towersrohn productscabletronixvmppolyphaseramerican tower companyhargerjma wirelessdx engineeringfreedom communicationrcarfsterrawavepico digitalsurecallkramer electronicshavis inc.newmartimes microwave systemsrf industriesraymarineapplied instrumentscambium networksburndysinclair technologiesmobile mark installer deals commercial commercialshop all antenna tower componentsantenna towersvideo distributionbatteries and power suppliescommercial equipment accessoriesdigital signagefiber opticsformat convertersheadend and catv amplifiersenclosuresmodulators and demodulatorsmunicipal base station antennasparabolic antennaspublic address amplifiers and accessoriessolar powerswitcherstelco equipmentvoip accessoriespoint to point radios&accessories vehicle solutions vehicle solutionsshop all rv back cell boosters - rvtv antennas for rvssatellite dishes for rvspassenger vehicle back cell boosters - carbackup camerassiriusxm satellite radiocar and truck antennascar audio accessoriescar dvd playerscar radio antenna adapterscar speakerscar stereo amplifierscar stereoscar subwooferscar video monitorsgps accessoriesgps antennaslogging and trackingvehicle mounts and switchescar and truck accessoriescommercial vehicle back cb radios & accessoriescell boosters - commercial security cameras security camerasshop all bullet camerascamera mountscamera tripodsdigital video recordersdome camerashidden camerassecurity camera systemssecurity system accessoriestrail cameras cell boosters cell boostersshop all cell phone signal boosterscellular antenna adapterscellular antenna mounting suppliescellular antennascellular routers and modemspower banks and chargers new product listings computer & networking computer & networkingshop all access pointscomputer monitors and mountscomputer peripheralsdvi suppliesethernet switcheshard drives and enclosureskvm switchesmemory cards and readersnetworking accessoriesnetworking cards and adapterspower suppliestablets and accessoriesusb adaptersusb flash drivesusb hubswi-fi antennaswireless routerspower inverters home homeshop all clocks and accessorieshome automationflashlights and lanternstwo-way radios and accessoriesoutdoor lightingoutdoor speakerspest controlweather radiosweather stationsradiosradio scannersam-fm radio antennas installation installationshop all wire & cable back 50-ohm coax cablesaudio cablesbulk rg-11 coax cablebulk rg-6 coax cablecat-5 cablescat-6 cablesclearance wire and cablecomponent cablesdisplayportextension cordsfiber optic cableshdmi accessorieshdmi cablesmiscellaneous cablespower cordsrca connectors / cablesrg-11 coax cablesrg-11 cut-to-lengthrg-59 coax cablesrg-6 coax cablesrg-6 cut-to-lengthserial cables and adaptersspeaker cableusbvgavideo camera cableswire management50-ohm adapters / connectors75-ohm adapters / connectorsattenuators and terminatorsbare wire connectorscable prep accessoriesdiplexers and tapscable prep tools and kitscable strippersgrounding supplieshand toolsinstallation accessoriesmounting suppliespower accessoriesrf filterssafety equipmentsignal meterssplitters, combiners, and tapssurge protectiontest equipmentwall plates and surface mount boxes request a quote call our experts:877-312-4547live chatantenna questions?ask them hereare you a pro?meet signal connect homeshipping information, our dedication to your delivery | solid signal shipping informationat solid signal, we offer our customers the ability to ship via ground, next business day, and second day. shipping rates are simply calculated based on the total weight of the items in your order and that total shipping amount is incorporated into our shopping cart application. we see this as an advantage to our customers because our shopping cart reflects a "total cost of order" while shopping. saturday delivery is available in some areas.customer pickup serviceswe offer customer pickup service at our novi, michigan location for a select number of products. pickup times must be scheduled by phone. available pickup times occur monday thru friday, 8:00 am - 5:00 pm est. customer pickup service is for u.s. residents only.determining shipping & handling cost(s) for items listed for purchaseto see shipping costs for your items, add the item to your cart. then, click or tap "checkout" at the top of any page. you will have the option to change the shipping address and shipping speed before you buy. there are no additional costs for shipping within the contiguous usa. (see below for shipments outside the contiguous usa)our shipping department continues to process new orders after 2:00 pm est on fridays and on weekends, but will not restart shipping orders again until the monday of the following week. we do not ship packages on holidays including memorial day, july 4th, labor day, thanksgiving day, christmas eve/day, and new year’s eve/day.shipping to p.o. boxesfedex does not ship to p.o. boxes. a solid signal rep may contact you if there is a shipping issue when a p.o. box has been entered as the shipping address for an order.explanation of solid signal shipping methodseconomy - your order is expected to deliver to the shipping address within 4 to 7 business days via usps. packages over 13 ounces are shipped priority and will be processed with a tracking number. most packages under 13 ounces are shipped first class with a tracking number. if you need your order by a specific date please request second day or next day shipping. economy shipping is only available on certain items. ground - on standard item orders, delivery of your item(s) is expected to occur within 2 to 7 business days of the placed order date no matter what day you place your order. daily deal, flash deal, and weekly deal items may take up to seven days from the date of order to be shipped and may ship via usps.second business day - your shipment is expected to be delivered to the defined shipping location 2 business days from the order placement date, assuming that the order was placed by 1:00pm est. saturdays and sundays are not included as a shipping or delivery day.next business day - your shipment is expected to be delivered the following business day (mon-fri). next day shipping requires that your order be placed by 1:00pm est (mon-thurs) to receive your item(s) the following business day. next day shipping does not guarantee delivery before 10:30 am, however your packages may arrive in the am. saturdays and sundays are not included as a shipping or delivery day.saturday next day express - allows you the choice of having your order arrive on saturday if you are placing an order thursday night or before 1:00 pm est on a friday. saturday delivery available in select areas only.free shipping - if a product is offered with free shipping, the shipping method is limited to ground shipping or equivalent and is only available for shipping addresses located within the 48 contiguous states.service for customers within the 48 contiguous statesups and fedex guarantee a delivery date for every ground package based on distribution center location, to all addresses with the 48 contiguous states. scheduled delivery times vary from time to time as changes in technology, location, distribution, and volume occur. if you would like to receive your goods faster than what is provided by ups or fedex ground service, please choose another shipping method during your shopping experience. you may change your shipping method by viewing your cart and selecting from the drop-down menu near the bottom of your cart.service for customers in military locationsall packages shipped to customers located within the boundary lines of united states military bases in the contiguous united states will automatically be charged a surcharge of $15.00 (usd). this is to cover the additional charges applied by united states postal service (usps).service for customers in alaska, hawaii, and puerto ricomost packages shipped to customers located in alaska or hawaii will be shipped at the two day air charge that can be viewed and selected by viewing your cart during your shopping experience. please select 2-day air for your alaska or hawaii packages. solid signal will notify you if your alaska/hawaii shipment requires additional shipping fees.service for customers in canadawe do not currently support the canadian market. this includes billing and/or shipping addresses anywhere in canada.service for customers purchasing antenna towersshipment of large antenna towers normally requires the use of a freight line company. ups and fedex will not accept such large shipments. if you require a tracking number for your antenna tower order, please contact us by phone so that we may provide shipping and tracking information for your order. paypal is not an accepted form of payment for tower orders.additional information regarding shippingwe will ship your order from any one of our distribution centers in various areas of the country, and occasionally directly from the manufacturer.your package may not specifically say "solid signal" on the box.please do not return the package under the assumption that it is something you did not order. the method by which your package is shipped is to your advantage and was specifically designed this way to effectively get the products you have purchased at solid signal directly to you the fastest way possible. how your package arrives to you will never impact the amount you were originally charged for shipping. about usabout solid signalblogcareerse-mail preferencesprivacy policydisclaimerget directvget dish customer supportcontact usreturns & warrantiesshipping informationpayment termstv antenna helpneed cell booster?frequently asked questions (faq) call the experts at1.877.312.4547 get notified about our special offers!sign up today!sign upblogfacebooktwitter solid signal is an authorized retailer of dish network l.l.c. dish, dish network and dish network logos are trademarks, registered trademarks and/or service marks of dish network l.l.c. and/or its affiliate(s). the dish network trademarks, registered trademarks and/or service marks are used under license of dish network l.l.c. and/or its affiliate(s). ©1999- solid signal, signal group llc & affiliatesback to top