来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121228104838/http://www.craftsy.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy | craftsy: learn it. make it. welcome to craftsy. join. sign in hi, .   your account sign out your cart online classes workshops patterns projects blog shop class categories featured classes newest classes cake decorating crocheting food craft holiday home & garden jewelry knitting paper crafts quilting sewing spinning weaving privacy policy date of last revision – may 13, 2011 sympoz inc., a delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 1553 platte street, suite 202, denver, co 80202 ("sympoz") is the owner and operator of the websites www.sympoz.com, www.craftsy.com and such other urls as may be designated in the future (the "websites"). sympoz is committed to protecting the online privacy of visitors to the websites. the privacy policy set forth below (this "policy") applies only to the websites and online services provided by sympoz. the purpose of this policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you when you visit our websites, how we may use that information, and how we may disclose it to third parties. the websites are intended to serve as an online learning environment through which registered users ("users") who subscribe will access courses of video lectures ("courses") and associated study materials and background materials presented by sympoz instructors ("instructors"), interact with instructors, sympoz teaching assistants ("teaching assistants") and other users through the websites. the websites will also serve as an online social network through which users may communicate and interact with other users, share their own user submissions (as defined in the terms of use) and view the user submissions of other users. users may also participate in challenges (as defined in the terms of use). by using the websites, you agree to be bound by the terms of this privacy policy. if you do not agree with these terms, please do not use the websites. 1. information that we collect a. personal information – at various locations on the websites, such as in registration forms, surveys, and polls, we may request that you supply us with "personal information" consisting of your name, telephone number, address, and credit card details. we use your personal information to send you updates and news. you may choose not to receive updates of this type by updating the notification settings of your account. if you do choose to give us personal information through the websites, we will collect and retain that information. b. non-personal information – when you use the websites, we may also collect "non-personal information." we consider "non-personal information" to be information that, by itself, cannot be used to identify you personally, such as demographic information (your age, gender, income, education, profession, area code, zip code, etc.). non-personal information includes information that you include in your profile (as defined in the terms of use) or contribute as user submissions (as defined in the terms of use) for presentation on the websites, and may also include technical information, such as your ip address, the type of browser you are using, the websites you visit immediately before and immediately after you visit the websites, other anonymous data involving your use of the websites, and other information that you provide us through your use of the websites such as the terms you enter into the search functions of the websites. you may also use the privacy settings on your account to control the availability of your information to other users. c. cookies – we use "cookies" to enhance your visits to the websites. a cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. cookies do not store personal information about you, unless you knowingly provide it. cookies can store non-personal information, such as what websites, pages, or advertisements your browser has accessed. we use cookies to store information and personalize your experience with the websites. for example, cookies allow the websites to recognize your browser as a previous visitor, and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while you were previously browsing the websites. our cookies can also store your password, personalize pages, and keep track of any selections you may make. you do have control over cookies. most browsers can be set to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your computer. most browsers can also be set to refuse to accept cookies, although this may affect your internet experience. you can also erase cookies that are already on your computer. for more information about working with cookies, you should consult your user manual, faq, or "help" function of your specific browser and operating system software. d. web beacons – we also may use "web beacons" (also often referenced as "clear gifs," "clear pixels," "1×1 gifs," or "1×1 pixels") which are tiny graphic image files, embedded in a web page in gif, jpeg or html format, that provide a presence on the web page and send back to its home server information from your browser, such as the ip address, the url of the page on which the web beacon is located, the type of browser that is accessing the site and the id number of any cookies on your computer previously placed by that server. we may use web beacons to collect non-personal information about your use of the websites and the websites of selected sponsors and advertisers, and your use of special promotions or newsletters. the information collected by web beacons allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using the websites and selected sponsors' and advertisers' sites. our web beacons are not used to track your activity outside of the websites or those of our sponsors. we do not link non-personal information from web beacons to personally identifiable information without your permission. e. modification and deletion – users of the websites may modify or delete any of their personal information, profile information or user submissions at any time by logging into their account. information will be updated immediately. individuals who wish to deactivate their account may do so. removed information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time but will not be generally available to other users. where you make use of the social networking and online education features of the websites to share information with other individuals on the websites (e.g., submitting a question or an answer to your instructor, participating in discussions with other users or submitting an entry to a challenge), you generally cannot remove such communications. 2. use of information we collect a. our services and websites – we use your personal information to provide to you any services that you may request or require and to communicate with you and to allow you to provide user submissions for posting on the websites. we may also use your personal information to analyze how the websites are being used and to improve the content of the websites and the courses and other content (as defined in the terms of use) which they offer. we reserve the right to use, disclose, license, assign or otherwise transfer information which is not personal information (including user submissions and profiles) in any way we see fit. b. profiles and user submissions – we store and may publicly display your profile and user submissions in order to provide the services that we offer. when we display your user submissions, they will be identified by elements of your profile (e.g., your chosen username, image and geographic location). please do not include information in your profile or user submissions that you expect to keep private. c. enforcement – we may use the information we collect in connection with your use of the websites (including your personal information) in order to investigate, enforce, and apply our terms of use, privacy policy and contest rules. 3. disclosure of information to third parties a. aggregate information – except as specifically set forth in this policy, we do not share your personal information with any non-affiliated third party without your permission. we may disclose aggregate information, such as demographic information, and our statistical analyses to third parties, including advertisers or other business partners. this aggregate information does not include your personal information. b. affiliates and non-affiliates – we endeavor to restrict access to personal information to sympoz's directors, officers, employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. these individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. we may, however, share your personal information with certain websites that are controlled by us, or by entities under common control with us, so that they and we can offer you products and services that may be of interest to you. c. service providers – we sometimes engage unaffiliated businesses to assist us in providing you certain services. for example, we may use third parties to provide advertising, marketing and promotional assistance, provide email services, or facilitate our online services. in those instances, we may need to share your personal information with them. we require these companies to use your personal information only to provide the particular product or service and do not authorize them to use your personal information for any other reason. d. business transactions involving sympoz – as sympoz continues to develop, we may buy other entities or business assets, or sell all or part of our business or assets, or combine with other businesses. if so, personal information as well as and non-personal information contained in profiles and user submissions that we have collected may be transferred as part of the transaction. e. third parties – we may use third-party advertising companies to deliver specific advertisements to you, which appear on pages throughout the websites. these companies collect non-personal information about your visits to the websites and other websites in order to provide advertisements about products and services that may be of interest to you. these companies may also aggregate your non-personal information for use in targeted advertising, marketing research, and other similar purposes. these companies may place their own cookies on your computer. if you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting and using this information, you may visit each third party advertiser's website directly and opt-out. we may distribute your user submissions to third parties, as permitted pursuant to our terms of use. the third parties may in turn publicly display or publish your user submissions in connection with their own websites and media platforms. when we distribute your user submissions to third parties, we may include elements of your profile (but not your personal information unless you include your personal information in your profile or user submissions). depending on your privacy settings, the websites may aggregate the information you provide and make it available to your friends and users with whom you communicate using the websites. you may adjust your privacy settings at any time. when you use the websites, your profile and user submissions will be shared with other users in accordance with the privacy settings you select. all such sharing of information is done at your own risk. please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information in your profile or user submissions, this information will become publicly available. f. other disclosures – we may disclose personal information when we are required or requested to do so by law, court order or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency; to enforce or apply our rights and agreements; or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is necessary or advisable, including, for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of sympoz, our users, or others. you hereby acknowledge that sympoz is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner. 4. children and minors the websites are not designed for use by children and minors. we do not knowingly collect any personal information from individuals under the age of eighteen, and therefore we do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties. 5. links the websites may contain links to other websites. we have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other websites to which we provide links from the websites. you should check the applicable privacy policy of the website sponsor when linking to other websites. 6. security of the information we collect the security of your personal information is important to us. we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to secure your personal information. however, there is always some risk in transmitting information electronically. the personal information we collect is stored within databases that we control. as we deem appropriate, we use security measures consistent with industry standards, such as firewalls and encryption technology, to protect your information. however, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet. 7. accuracy of the information we collect any questions you may have regarding this policy, the accuracy of your personal information or the use of your personal information, or any requests that we correct, update, or remove your information in our databases, should be directed via email to contact@sympoz.com or contact@craftsy.com, or via regular mail to: sympoz inc. d/b/a craftsy 1553 platte street suite 202 denver, co 80202 after receiving a request to change your information, we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that all of your personal information stored in databases we actively use to operate the websites will be updated, corrected, changed or deleted, as appropriate, as soon as reasonably practicable. however, we reserve the right to retain in our archival files any information we remove from or change in our active website databases. we may retain such information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our terms and conditions of use. in addition, it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to us. a copy of your personal information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate. 8. changes in policy we reserve the right to change this policy at any time, and will post any changes to this policy as soon as they go into effect. you are bound by any minor changes to the policy when you use the websites after those changes have been posted. please refer back to this policy on a regular basis. if, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on the websites for 30 days. 9. what if you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy? as a registered user of the websites, or otherwise by using the websites, you signify that you agree to this policy. if you do not agree to this policy, please do not make any use of the websites. we're craftsy. we learn. we take online courses together from amazing instructors. we strive to be better at what we do, and to learn new techniques we haven't tried. we inspire. we share our projects and take pride in what we make. we help. we share suggestions, tips & tricks – helping other craftsy members complete projects. we create. we knit. we quilt. we crochet. we make jewelry. we sew. we decorate. we're creative. we're unique. join us contact craftsy sympoz inc. 2150 west 29th ave. 4th floor denver, co 80211 toll free: (888) 979-6769 help@craftsy.com visit us on facebook follow us on twitter about us craftsy cares faqs our affiliate program terms of use privacy policy service guarantee mobile apps support email: help@craftsy.com © 2013 craftsy and sympoz inc.