来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231083028/https://www.craftsy.com/faq/
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | craftsy cart log in browse fabric crafts fabric crafts col1 quilting sewing embroidery yarn crafts yarn crafts col1 knitting crocheting weaving + spinning food food col1 cake decorating baking cooking art art col1 drawing painting photography paper crafting jewelry making living living col1 home decor gardening woodworking writing fitness yoga fun for kids search for: cart log in shop all classes shop all classes fabric crafts fabric crafts col1 quilting sewing embroidery yarn crafts yarn crafts col1 knitting crocheting weaving + spinning food food col1 cake decorating baking cooking art art col1 drawing painting photography paper crafting jewelry making living living col1 home decor gardening woodworking writing fitness yoga fun for kids popular categories quilt knit sew crochet embroider cake decorating bake cook popular categories draw paint photography writing paper crafts jewelry making gardening woodworking popular projects coffee-shop cakes quick quilted gifts fair isle fundamentals sewing wallets crochet in the round asian dumplings thank-you cards live streaming events all free classes customer service about us contact us frequently asked questions how to stream to your tv craftsy membership info instructor resource center corporate subscriptions spanish frequently asked questions customer service what are your customer service hours? membership access how do i access my premium membership account? how do i reset my password? i forgot my login information; can i have it sent to me? membership information how do i pay for my premium membership? how long can i access the video content? how do i cancel my membership? gold membership: how do i pick my free craftsy gold classes? gold membership: where are the gold member patterns & guides for me to choose from? gold membership: will new classes, patterns, and guides be added to the current available list for me to choose from? membership sharing what is membership sharing? is there a cost for membership sharing? who is eligible to receive a shared membership? how long can a paying member share their membership? what happens if a guest member does not accept the invite for the shared membership? if i’m a guest member can i purchase classes to add to my membership? if i’m a guest member can i purchase a paid membership? technical questions are there any system requirements to view the video content? how do i view the video in full screen? how do i find a specific video or a class? where can i find your mobile app? how to use the mobile app? is there a cost for the app? what can i purchase on the app? can i use the app if i purchased a membership on the website? does the app offer features not currently available on the website? how to stream to your tv? ordering questions how do i update my credit card information? how do you store my credit card information? what is the benefit of a credit card token? my order says i need to fill in all the required fields, but i have everything filled in. how do i complete my order? where is the shop to purchase physical goods? other how do i access the classes i purchased from the old bluprint/craftsy, on the new craftsy website? ? can i access my patterns on the new craftsy website? can i download the classes that i “purchased-to-own”? customer service what are your customer service hours? our regular customer service hours are 8:00 am – 4:30 pm ct monday through friday, and 8:00 am – 12:00 pm ct saturday and sunday. we are closed for the following holidays: new year’s day martin luther king day presidents day easter memorial day independence day labor day columbus day thanksgiving and the day after christmas eve (closing at noon) christmas day contact customer service email: craftsy@program-director.net phone: 1-888-891-7203 accessing premium membership accounts how do i access my premium membership account? click the log in button or person icon at the top right corner of your browser. you can also click here. how do i reset my password? go into the log in page and select “forgot password?” enter your username or email address and select “reset password.” once you are logged into your account, you can change your password by clicking on the password icon on your my account page. i forgot my login information; can i have it sent to me? if you forgot your login information, please email customer service at craftsy@program-director.net. membership information how do i pay for my premium membership? annual membership: your annual membership lasts for one year starting on the day you register and pay. monthly membership: your monthly membership lasts for 30 days starting on the day you register and pay. your paid monthly or annual membership will automatically renew using the credit card we have on file, at the then-current rates. monthly memberships will be charged approximately 5 days prior to the end of your monthly term. annual memberships will be charged approximately 10 days prior to the end of your current term and you will be notified prior to the renewal. we do this to ensure uninterrupted access to your membership benefits and renewals are applied to the end of the current term. your credit card statement will list your membership as pp *craftsy 1-855-706-3535. you can reach customer service by email at craftsy@program-director.net should you choose to remove your membership from automatic renewal. you may cancel your membership at any time. cancellation of your monthly membership will be effective the next billing cycle. cancellation in the first 30 days of your annual membership will result in a full refund. cancellation after 30 days will result in a prorated refund. how long can i access the video content? an annual paid premium membership allows you to view all of the premium video content for one year from the start of your membership. the monthly paid premium membership allows you to view all of the premium videos for 30 days. how do i cancel my membership? we are confident you will enjoy your premium membership. if for any reason you are not completely satisfied within the first 30 days of your paid annual membership, we will refund 100% of your membership fee no questions asked. after 30 days we will refund your membership fee on a pro-rated basis. there are no refunds on monthly memberships. to obtain a refund, please contact us by email at craftsy@program-director.net. gold membership: how do i pick my free craftsy gold classes? log into your craftsy account here: https://www.craftsy.com/my-account/ click the “benefits” icon in your account dashboard. select up to 8 different classes by clicking the choose button next to the title. confirm your selection. once these benefits are confirmed, they can’t be undone. please note: you do not need to choose all your benefits immediately and can select throughout the year. your selected classes will then appear in the “classes” folder in your account: https://www.craftsy.com/my-account/classes/ gold membership: where are the gold member patterns & guides for me to choose from? patterns & guides are coming soon. they will be ready in early 2021 — we will keep you updated with an exact date. gold membership: will new classes, patterns, and guides be added to the current available list for me to choose from? yes! new products will be added throughout the year. please note: once your benefits are selected and confirmed, they can’t be undone, swapped out, or adjusted. so feel free to choose all your benefits immediately or wait. keep your eyes peeled on the “benefits” section of your account dashboard for new offerings throughout the year. craftsy.com site tutorial watch this short video for a nice run-down of the craftsy site. helpful topics you’ll “see” include: how to log in to the site how to change your password how to view/access classes viewing the various aspects of a class video how to navigate around the elements of a class how to search for a topic/class you’re looking for looking at your personal account (status, owned classes, preferences, etc.) this is worth five minutes of your time if you have any questions about the site! membership sharing what is membership sharing? membership sharing allows an active paying member (organizer) to share their membership with up to three of their closest family members and friends who will be able set up their own personal accounts. the guest member receives an invite by email from the paying member to join and set up their account. is there a cost for membership sharing? there is no cost to the paying member (organizer) or the guest member. the guest member will receive an invite by email to join craftsy and once becoming a member, the guest member is granted unlimited access to over 1,500 classes, live events and member discounts. who is eligible to receive a shared membership? a paying member (organizer) can invite up to three family members and friends who do not have a current or expired craftsy membership. how long can a paying member share their membership? a guest member will have access to a shared membership as long as the paying member (organizer) has an active paid membership with craftsy what happens if a guest member does not accept the invite for the shared membership? if a guest member does not redeem the offer for a free shared membership, the paying member can cancel the invite and send it to another family member or friend. if i’m a guest member can i purchase classes to add to my membership? yes, guest members can purchase classes to add to their membership. the guest member will then own any classes purchased even if they no longer have a guest membership. if i’m a guest member can i purchase a paid membership? yes, guest members can purchase their own paid membership at any time. the simplest way is to go to the checkout page and log in as a returning customer. it’s important to be logged into your account when you purchase or you will have multiple accounts. technical questions are there any system requirements to view the video content? our video content is best when viewed on a computer manufactured in the past couple of years with a good broadband internet connection (not dial-up). we also highly recommend using the latest version of chrome, edge, firefox or safari as your internet browser. how do i view the video in full screen? on the video playback page simply click the full screen button (4 arrows pointing outwards). to exit press the esc key located in the top left of most keyboards. how do i find a specific video or a class? you can find specific videos or classes in two ways. click the browse link in the navigation bar (at the top of the page), and select a category. this will allow you to view video and class content by topic. you can also use the search bar at the top right of the page. where can i find your mobile app? we have a mobile app in apple’s app store (for ios devices) and in google’s play store (for android devices). is there a cost for the app? there is no cost to install the app to your device. what can i purchase on the app? monthly memberships can be purchased to gain access to our videos and projects. you can also purchase classes with our “purchase option” button for on-demand video access. can i use the app if i purchased a membership on the website? yes, you just need to download the app to your device and login with your credentials. does the app offer features not currently available on the website? yes, the app offers a “favorites” feature so you can access preferred videos to your saved list, a “download” feature to access videos without an internet connection, and a “continue watching” feature that allows you to start watching where you left off. ordering questions how do i update my credit card information? on the my account page, click on card on file and choose update expiration date or update my card by clicking on the box. how do you store my credit card information? your card security is important to us; therefore we do not keep your credit card number on file. we only store a token, which is used in place of a credit card number when submitting a payment. what is the benefit of a credit card token? we replace sensitive cardholder data with an alphanumeric id that has no connection to your credit card information. my order says i need to fill in all the required fields, but i have everything filled in. how do i complete my order? if you receive a message to fill in the required fields, try clearing your internet browser’s cache (browsing history.) once the cache is cleared, open a new browser and attempt your order again. if you continue to have issues contact customer service for support. where is the shop to purchase physical goods? craftsy.com does not offer or sell a full line of physical products, materials, fabric or kits. however, you can purchase downloadable pdf patterns in selected content categories (quilting, sewing, knitting, crochet). in each of those categories, look for the “patterns” tab. likewise, selected craftsy classes are available in physical dvd form. you’ll find dvd classes under the “dvds” tab in available content categories. how do i access the classes i purchased from the old bluprint/craftsy, on the new craftsy website? any “ala carte” (or tvod) classes you bought in the past, and that you buy in the future, are loaded into your account on the craftsy site. you can enjoy those classes with streaming access anytime, anywhere. if you have any trouble getting into your craftsy account, see the steps in the “how do i access” question above. can i access my patterns on the new craftsy website? yes, digital patterns previously purchased are available on your craftsy account. if you have any trouble getting into your craftsy account, see the steps in the “how do i access” question above. in addition, craftsy has made available new downloadable pdf patterns in selected content categories (quilting, sewing, knitting, crochet). in each of those categories, look for the “patterns” tab to purchase. can i download the classes that i “purchased-to-own”? yes, and no. you can enjoy all our craftsy content, as a paid member, on roku and amazon fire, and you can cast craftsy content to apple tv. included with this access, even if you’re no longer a paid member, you can view any classes you purchased on an “a la carte” basis through your account. so you have options to enjoy your purchased content outside of craftsy.com. beyond that capability and access, we cannot support the downloading of individual purchased classes to your local devices. sign up for our newsletter. stay connected to craftsy experts. email* making lives better through creativity facebook instagram pinterest youtube twitter popular categories quilt knit sew crochet embroider cake decorating bake cook popular categories draw paint photography writing paper crafts jewelry making gardening woodworking popular projects coffee-shop cakes quick quilted gifts fair isle fundamentals sewing wallets crochet in the round asian dumplings thank-you cards live streaming events all free classes customer service about us contact us frequently asked questions how to stream to your tv craftsy membership info instructor resource center corporate subscriptions spanish © 2022 craftsy terms of service privacy policy do not sell my info username or email * password * remember me lost your password? privacy policy enter in your email and password to create a free account email address * password * anti-spam your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.