来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231083028/https://www.craftsy.com/instructor-resource-center/
================================================================================

instructor resource center | craftsy cart log in browse fabric crafts fabric crafts col1 quilting sewing embroidery yarn crafts yarn crafts col1 knitting crocheting weaving + spinning food food col1 cake decorating baking cooking art art col1 drawing painting photography paper crafting jewelry making living living col1 home decor gardening woodworking writing fitness yoga fun for kids search for: cart log in shop all classes shop all classes fabric crafts fabric crafts col1 quilting sewing embroidery yarn crafts yarn crafts col1 knitting crocheting weaving + spinning food food col1 cake decorating baking cooking art art col1 drawing painting photography paper crafting jewelry making living living col1 home decor gardening woodworking writing fitness yoga fun for kids popular categories quilt knit sew crochet embroider cake decorating bake cook popular categories draw paint photography writing paper crafts jewelry making gardening woodworking popular projects coffee-shop cakes quick quilted gifts fair isle fundamentals sewing wallets crochet in the round asian dumplings thank-you cards live streaming events all free classes customer service about us contact us frequently asked questions how to stream to your tv craftsy membership info instructor resource center corporate subscriptions spanish instructor resource center this page has been established to provide information on a range of topics that may be of interest to instructors and pattern makers. instructors, if you have a specific question regarding any aspect of the content or material you created with craftsy, please email the instructor relations team, at instructors@tnmarketing.com. craftsy.com site tutorial watch this short video for a nice run-down of the craftsy site. helpful topics you’ll “see” include: how to log in to the site how to change your password how to view/access classes viewing the various aspects of a class video how to navigate around the elements of a class how to search for a topic/class you’re looking for looking at your personal account (status, owned classes, preferences, etc.) this is worth five minutes of your time if you have any questions about the site! instructor account information do i still have free access to the craftsy site like i did in the past? of course! we understand the value of this benefit, and this access for instructors will remain active. the email used to log into your instructor account has not changed. if this is the first time you are logging into the new craftsy site, you will need to reset your password here. if you have any trouble in connecting to your account, or accessing the library of content on craftsy.com, just let us know and we can help. will there be an instructor dashboard like before? unfortunately, there is no longer an instructor-specific dashboard on the new craftsy site. to view and respond to student questions, log into your craftsy account, navigate to your class(es), and click on the “class discussion” tab under the video player. as for reporting, if we have received your financial paperwork, activity reports will be emailed to you on a regular basis to provide transparency on your class sales, viewership, and royalty reporting. for more information regarding your activity reports, please contact us at instructors@tnmarketing.com. if i want to remove my name from your email list, how do i do that? just let us know and we can do that. as part of the site, and with a link on any email we send, you and consumers will have complete control over your communication preferences. your options include removing yourself from selected types of emails, or from all emails. for craftsy promotional communications, update your preferences by logging into your account, clicking on your profile icon in the top right corner, and selecting “profile”. then, scroll down to “email preference” to update these settings. for instructor-only communications, send us an email at instructors@tnmarketing.com and request to be removed from our instructor-only email list. content what is your process/plan for producing new content? we are proud to offer our customers with professional, high-quality video content on craftsy. the process for producing new video content involves class development and production phases which take a few weeks of collaboration with the instructor before filming begins in-studio or on location with a production team. that said, we are unable to accept and sell video classes sent to us by prospective instructors that were filmed without our involvement. covid-19 did inhibit our plans to create new in-studio content in 2020, and since the change in ownership of craftsy last year, we have been taking an in-depth look into all content options and prioritizing new classes/topics for our roadmap. thank you for your patience over the past few months. we are excited to get back into the studio and begin safely producing new content again. if i have an idea for a new class, who can i pitch my ideas to? we will be seeking new classes and instructors in time. if you have ideas for new classes, please fill out this online form and provide as much information as possible. where will the filming and production of new classes take place? tn marketing is in a suburb of minneapolis. we have a state-of-the-art video production facility within our home office, with the latest in video and audio technology. we’ve created hundreds of hours of instructional video content in our studio over the years, and we’ll likely use our own studio for any new craftsy productions. in some isolated cases, we have produced content in locations outside our studio, either for proximity to an instructor or some unusual production needs. if a class i taught was retired by the prior bluprint/craftsy, how is it handled on the new craftsy? if you have a class that was retired, that class will still be available to view for any customer who purchased that class in the past on an a la carte basis (purchase-to-own). however, no retired class will be available to purchase going forward on a single-class basis, nor will it be available to view as part of the premium membership program. if i want to remove content from the site, can i do so? with agreements in place for any content that was created by bluprint/craftsy and an instructor, there is no provision for instructors to simply remove classes or opt-out of the new craftsy site. if there is a special situation that you think makes it imperative to remove from the site, please let us know and we can talk about your situation. some of my class content was shot several years ago; is there a way to update or refresh it? we can’t commit to new editing or rework on existing classes. depending on what aspect of your class you want refreshed, and the resources involved to make those updates, we would look at each situation separately. if you think something is either clearly wrong or provides some unsafe procedure for users, please do let us know right away. what efforts will be made to market or promote the craftsy classes i taught? we will deploy a diverse range of marketing strategies to sell the craftsy class content. we’ll be selling classes as both single-class transactions (purchase-to-own tvod) and as part of the premium membership program offers (subscription svod). we’ll be exerting significant energy and resources in selling content in both ways, as consumers have different preferences for accessing and owning their classes. please note that we are unable to accommodate any one-off requests to promote content. will international users have the ability to buy classes? yes, no matter where a user may live, they will be able to purchase either individual classes, or join as a premium member, on craftsy.com. accounting how do i obtain financial paperwork to fill out so that i can receive payment? please send an email to us at instructors@tnmarketing.com to request these forms. when should i expect to receive instructor revenue-share payments? the timing of the quarterly payments will remain as they have been. you will be paid within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter-end, provided your classes are active and you have submitted the financial paperwork we need (a w-9 form and a payment processing form). i live outside the u.s.a. and would like to be paid via direct deposit or wire transfer, is that possible? we can accommodate payments to any country, as long as you provide us with sufficient banking or account information that we request. while we’ll keep our options open for the best way to execute those payments, rest assured you’ll be paid via some electronic method, with no material delay in the timing of such payments. can you send payment to me through paypal? unfortunately, we are unable to offer paypal as a method of payment at this time. patterns, kits, dvds will you be selling physical patterns, products, and kits? tn marketing did not acquire any of the physical patterns, products, or kits in the purchase from bluprint. we may create/offer a small number of kits and product bundles that can be sold with classes, but we do not intend to build out an extensive product line of physical goods, fabrics, or kits to sell in our shop. that said, we are exploring the possibility of creating meaningful alliances with retail/e-commerce partners that will allow us to connect the craftsy community with good products and special offers as a benefit of belonging to craftsy. will you be selling dvds? while we do not have any dvd versions of classes at this time, we do plan to create a dvd version of selected classes in the near future. as we are finalize plans for this development and prepare to create dvds, we’ll be in touch with the related instructors. affiliate program how do i join craftsy’s affiliate program? the affiliate marketing program for craftsy is administered through an affiliate network called shareasale. in order to become an affiliate for craftsy, you must be connected to the program through shareasale. to ensure you receive the increased commission rate for verified craftsy instructors, you must send your shareasale affiliate id to us at sophie@advertisepurple.com or instructors@tnmarketing.com. if you are new to shareasale… click here to create an account on shareasale, allowing you to become a craftsy affiliate go through the 5-step process to create your account craftsy instructors must confirm their affiliate id number with us if you already have a shareasale account… click here and sign into your account in the top bar select “merchants” > “search for merchants” in the top left of the page, type “craftsy” in the search box and click “go” when you see craftsy, click “join program” craftsy instructors must confirm their affiliate id number with us how do i create my own affiliate link? choose from any web page on craftsy.com to create your own trackable affiliate link. you can promote everything that craftsy has to offer – memberships, other classes, etc. when logged in, click on “links” found at the top of the page select “create a custom link to a page” copy the url/link from craftsy’s website that you would like to promote, click “create custom link” – to obtain a shortened link, click on “get short link” how do i find banners or other creative assets in shareasale? when logged in, click on “links” found at the top of the page select “get a link/banner” click on the banner/link that you would like to use copy the html code and paste it into the backend of your site sign up for our newsletter. stay connected to craftsy experts. email* making lives better through creativity facebook instagram pinterest youtube twitter popular categories quilt knit sew crochet embroider cake decorating bake cook popular categories draw paint photography writing paper crafts jewelry making gardening woodworking popular projects coffee-shop cakes quick quilted gifts fair isle fundamentals sewing wallets crochet in the round asian dumplings thank-you cards live streaming events all free classes customer service about us contact us frequently asked questions how to stream to your tv craftsy membership info instructor resource center corporate subscriptions spanish © 2022 craftsy terms of service privacy policy do not sell my info username or email * password * remember me lost your password? privacy policy enter in your email and password to create a free account email address * password * anti-spam your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.