来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231025359/https://www.craftsy.com/faq/
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | craftsy craftsy logo svg cart log in browse fabric crafts fabric crafts col1 quilting sewing embroidery yarn crafts yarn crafts col1 knitting crocheting weaving + spinning food food col1 cake decorating baking cooking art art col1 drawing painting photography paper crafting jewelry making living living col1 home decor gardening woodworking writing fitness yoga fun for kids resources resources col 1 recipes cake decorating cooking baking col 2 patterns sewing quilting knitting crocheting resources patterns patterns col crocheting knitting quilting sewing recipes recipes col baking cooking cake decorating search for: cart log in fabric crafts fabric crafts col1 quilting sewing embroidery yarn crafts yarn crafts col1 knitting crocheting weaving + spinning food food col1 cake decorating baking cooking art art col1 drawing painting photography paper crafting jewelry making living living col1 home decor gardening woodworking writing fitness yoga fun for kids resources resources col 1 recipes cake decorating cooking baking col 2 patterns sewing quilting knitting crocheting patterns patterns col crocheting knitting quilting sewing recipes recipes col baking cooking cake decorating frequently asked questions customer service what are your customer service hours? membership access do i have to join to view the videos? how do i access my premium membership account? how do i reset my password? i forgot my login information; can i have it sent to me? membership information how do i pay for my premium membership? how long can i access the video content? how do i cancel the automatic renewal of my membership? how do i cancel my membership and what is your refund policy? gold membership: how do i pick my free craftsy gold classes? gold membership: where are the gold member classes & patterns located? gold membership: will new classes, patterns, and guides be added to the current available list for me to choose from? how do i access patterns and recipes? membership sharing what is membership sharing? is there a cost for membership sharing? who is eligible to receive a shared membership? how long can a paying member share their membership? what happens if a guest member does not accept the invite for the shared membership? if i am a guest member, can i purchase classes to add to my membership? if i am a guest member, can i purchase a paid membership? technical questions are there any system requirements to view the video content? how do i view the video in full screen? how do i find a specific video or a class? how to stream to your tv? where can i find your mobile app? how to use the mobile app? is there a cost for the app? what can i purchase on the app? can i use the app if i purchased a membership on the website? does the app offer features not currently available on the website? ordering questions how do i update my credit card information? how do you store my credit card information? what is the benefit of a credit card token? what is a pending charge? can a pending charge be stopped, and can i receive a refund for a pending charge? my order says i need to fill in all the required fields, but i have everything filled in. how do i complete my order? where is the shop to purchase physical goods? do you ship internationally for purchases in the shop? if i live outside of the usa and purchase a dvd from the shop, will i be able to view the dvd content in my country? other how do i access classes i have purchased? can i download the classes that i have purchased? craftsy.com site tutorial watch this short video for a nice run-down of the craftsy site. helpful topics you will “see” include: how to log in to the site how to change your password how to view/access classes viewing the various aspects of a class video how to navigate around the elements of a class how to search for a topic/class you are looking for looking at your personal account (status, owned classes, preferences, etc.) this is worth five minutes of your time if you have any questions about the site! customer service what are your customer service hours? our regular customer service hours are 8:00-4:30 cst monday-friday and 8:00-12:00 cst saturday and sunday. we are closed for the following holidays: new year’s day martin luther king day presidents day easter memorial day juneteenth independence day labor day columbus day thanksgiving and the day after christmas eve (closing at noon) christmas day contact customer service email: craftsy@program-director.net live chat: craftsy.com phone: 1-888-891-7203 membership access do i have to join to view the videos? the video site contains both free and premium content. you do not need to be a paid member to view the free videos on the website. you do need to be a premium member if you want to view the premium videos. if you are a premium member, log in to the website to view the premium videos. how do i access my premium membership account? on the home page (www.craftsy.com) click the log in button or person icon at the top right corner of your browser. how do i reset my password? go into the log in page and select “lost your password?” enter your username or email address and select “reset password.” once you are logged into your account, you can change your password by clicking on the password icon on your my account page. i forgot my login information; can i have it sent to me? if you forgot your login information, please email customer service at craftsy@program-director.net. membership information how do i pay for my premium membership? annual membership: your annual membership lasts for one year starting on the day you register and pay. annual members will receive an email notice sent to the email you provided prior to the annual automatic renewal with a date upon which you have to cancel to avoid being renewed. monthly membership: your monthly membership lasts for one month starting on the day you register and pay. you will renew on the same day of the month that you originally signed up unless you signed up on the 28th, 29th, 30th or 31st of any given month in which case your billing cycle will be pushed forward to the 1st of the following month for consistency. monthly members will not receive notices prior to renewal of their monthly terms. your paid annual and monthly membership will automatically renew using the credit card we have on file, at our then-current rates. your credit card statement will list your membership as pp *craftsy 1-888-891-7203. you can reach customer service by email at craftsy@program-director.net or by phone at 1-888-891-7203 or go online to your account at any time to remove your membership from automatic renewal and avoid future renewal charges. you may cancel your membership at any time. cancellation in the first 30 days of your annual membership will result in a full refund. cancellation after 30 days will result in a prorated refund. how long can i access the video content? an annual paid premium membership allows you to view all the premium video content for one year from the start of your membership. the monthly paid premium membership allows you to view all the premium videos for 30 days. how do i cancel my automatic renewal of my membership? if for any reason you want to cancel auto renewal of your membership please contact us by email at craftsy@program-director.net or by phone at 1-888-891-7203 or you can go directly to your account online. you will continue to have access to your membership benefits through the remainder of your current paid term. how do i cancel my membership and what is your refund policy? if for any reason you want to cancel your membership, please contact us by email at craftsy@program-director.net or by phone at 1-888-891-7203 or you can go directly to your account online. if for any reason you are not completely satisfied within the first 30 days of your paid annual membership, we will refund 100% of your membership fee no questions asked. after 30 days we will refund your membership fee on a pro-rated basis. there are no refunds on monthly memberships. to obtain a refund during a current annual term, please contact us by email at craftsy@program-director.net or by phone at 1-888-891-7203. gold membership: how do i pick my free craftsy gold classes? log into your craftsy account here: https://www.craftsy.com/my-account/ click the “benefits” icon in your account dashboard. select up to 8 different classes by clicking the choose button next to the title. confirm your selection. once these benefits are confirmed, they can’t be undone. please note: you do not need to choose all your benefits immediately and can select throughout the year. your selected classes will then appear in the “classes” folder in your account: https://www.craftsy.com/my-account/classes/ gold membership: where are the gold member classes and patterns located? once you are logged into your membership account click on redeem benefits and then select your classes and patterns. gold membership: will new classes, patterns, and guides be added to the current available list for me to choose from? yes! new products will be added throughout the year. please note: once your benefits are selected and confirmed, they cannot be undone, swapped out, or adjusted. so, feel free to choose all your benefits immediately or wait. keep your eyes peeled on the “benefits” section of your account dashboard for new offerings throughout the year. how do i access patterns and recipes? paying members can browse, download, and print patterns and recipes under the resource tab on the craftsy homepage navigation bar. membership sharing what is membership sharing? membership sharing allows an active paying member (organizer) to share their membership with up to three of their closest family members and friends who will be able to set up their own personal accounts. the guest member receives an invite by email from the paying member to join and set up their account. is there a cost for membership sharing? there is no cost to the paying member (organizer) or the guest member. the guest member will receive an invite by email to join craftsy and once becoming a member, the guest member is granted unlimited access to over 2,000 classes, live events, and member discounts. who is eligible to receive a shared membership? a paying member (organizer) can invite up to three family members and friends who do not have a current or expired craftsy membership. how long can a paying member share their membership? a guest member will have access to a shared membership if the paying member (organizer) has an active paid membership with craftsy. what happens if a guest member does not accept the invite for the shared membership? if a guest member does not redeem the offer for a free shared membership, the paying member can cancel the invite and send it to another family member or friend. if i am a guest member, can i purchase classes to add to my membership? yes, guest members can purchase classes to add to their membership. the guest member will then own any classes purchased even if they no longer have a guest membership. if i am a guest member, can i purchase a paid membership? yes, guest members can purchase their own paid membership at any time. the simplest way is to go to the checkout page and log in as a returning customer. it is important to be logged into your account when you purchase, or you will have multiple accounts. technical questions are there any system requirements to view the video content? our video content is best when viewed on a computer manufactured in the past couple of years with a good broadband internet connection (not dial-up). we also highly recommend using the latest version of chrome, edge, firefox, or safari as your internet browser. how do i view the video in full screen? on the video playback page simply click the full screen button (4 arrows pointing outwards). to exit press the esc key located in the top left of most keyboards. how do i find a specific video or a class? you can find specific videos or classes in two ways. click the browse link in the navigation bar (at the top of the page) and select a category. this will allow you to view video and class content by topic. you can also use the search bar at the top right of the page. where can i find your mobile app? we have a mobile app in apple’s app store (for ios devices) and in google’s play store (for android devices). is there a cost for the app? there is no cost to install the app on your device. what can i purchase on the app? monthly memberships can be purchased to gain access to our videos and projects. you can also purchase classes with our “purchase option” button for on-demand video access. can i use the app if i purchased a membership on the website? yes, you just need to download the app to your device and login with your credentials. does the app offer features not currently available on the website? yes, the app offers a “favorites” feature so you can access preferred videos to your saved list, a “download” feature to access videos without an internet connection, and a “continue watching” feature that allows you to start watching where you left off. ordering questions how do i update my credit card information? on the my account page, click on payment method and choose update expiration date or update my card by clicking on the box. how do you store my credit card information? your card security is important to us; therefore, we do not keep your credit card number on file. we only store a token, which is used in place of a credit card number when submitting a payment. what is the benefit of a credit card token? we replace sensitive cardholder data with an alphanumeric id that we do not connect to your credit card information. what is a pending charge? a pending charge is a transaction approved by your bank that is still being processed. this usually takes a few business days. can a pending charge be stopped, and can i receive a refund for a pending charge? once a charge is marked as “pending” by your financial institution it is deemed final at our end and your renewal charge for the next term is complete – at which point no refunds are available. keep in mind that if that is the case you will remain a member until the end of your current paid term. my order says i need to fill in all the required fields, but i have everything filled in. how do i complete my order? if you receive a message to fill in the required fields, try clearing your internet browser’s cache (browsing history.) once the cache is cleared, open a new browser, and attempt your order again. if you continue to have issues, contact customer service for support. where is the shop to purchase physical goods? craftsy.com does not offer or sell a full line of physical products, materials, fabric, or kits. however, you can purchase downloadable pdf patterns in selected content categories (quilting, sewing, knitting, crochet). in each of those categories, look for the “patterns” tab. likewise, selected craftsy classes are available in physical dvd form. you will find dvd classes under the “dvds” tab in available content categories. do you ship internationally for purchases in the shop? yes, we do ship most physical products from within our shop to several international countries. in addition to the usa and canada, we ship to australia (suspended oct 2021 due to covid), brazil, india, israel, new zealand, south africa, and most western european countries. if you live outside of these countries, you are still able to purchase any digital items, including membership, video downloads, streaming classes, pdf plans/projects, etc. if i live outside of the usa and purchase a dvd from the shop, will i be able to view the dvd content in my country? yes, our dvd content should be compatible with most any dvd player in use today. all our videos have been created with all current region codes (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 8). if you do have trouble viewing any dvd you purchase, please contact customer service. other how do i access classes i have purchased? any ‘la carte” classes you have purchased are located under my account and then under classes. the classes you have purchased you can keep for your personal collection, and you can enjoy on-demand video access even if you do not have an active membership. can i download the classes that i have purchased? yes, and no. you can enjoy all our craftsy content, as a paid member, on roku and amazon fire, and you can cast craftsy content to apple tv. included with this access, even if you are no longer a paid member, you can view any classes you purchased on an “a la carte” basis through your account. so, you have options to enjoy your purchased content outside of craftsy.com. beyond that capability and access, we cannot support the downloading of individual purchased classes to your local devices. sign up for our newsletter. stay connected to craftsy experts. email* δ footer craftsy logo svg making lives better through creativity craftsy facebook craftsy instagram craftsy pinterest craftsy youtube craftsy twitter craftsy tiktok text link badge to apple text link badge to google text link badge to sign up for texts popular categories quilting knitting sewing crocheting embroidery cake decorating baking cooking popular projects artisan bread paper piecing amigurumi better quilting learn to knit sewing bras all free classes live streaming events free live tutorials craftsy chats premium live events virtual events customer service about us contact us frequently asked questions how to stream to your tv craftsy membership info instructor resource center become an affiliate corporate subscriptions spanish © 2024 craftsy terms of service privacy policy do not sell my info username or email * password * remember me lost your password? privacy policy enter in your email and password to create a free account email address * password * anti-spam your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy. chat