来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121223171235/http://www.famousfootwear.com/en-US/Content/PRIVACY.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy - famous footwear sign in | join nowwhy join? blog | my account | store location | my cart choose my store choose my store to see local availability for products and find the quickest delivery options, let us know where you are. go invalid zip code: must be 5 numeric digits. all categories womens mens girls boys accessories sale women view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots slippers casual shoes dress shoes juniors sandals wides narrows men view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots slippers casual shoes dress shoes sandals wides juniors view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals girls view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots slippers casual shoes dress shoes sandals infants toddlers boys view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots slippers casual shoes dress shoes sandals infants toddlers accessories view all new arrivals backpacks gymsacks socks/hosiery slippers totes brands view all womens shoes mens shoes juniors shoes girls shoes boys shoes accessories sale womens mens juniors girls boys rewards sign in join now why join? - not ? current rewards points: rewards earned: $ my cart : away from gold status.  more details you need  more points to get to the next reward level. more details rewards earned (mailed quarterly) $0 $5 $10 $15 $20 $25  more details rewards certificates are issued 4 times a year. receive your certificates by mail or sign up to get your rewards certificates via email by clicking on my account. close customer service customer service help fit assistance contact us shipping policy return policy gift cards security policy privacy policy exclusions terms of use store information store events home delivery company information about us careers site map rewards program my account privacy policy this privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for famous.com.  it is effective 04/05/2009. because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this privacy statement will notify you of: what personally identifiable information of yours or third party personal identification is collected from you through the website. who is collecting the information. how the information is used. with whom the information may be shared. what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information. the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control. how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. if you feel that we are not abiding by our posted privacy policy, you should contact famous footwear.com customer service. information collection and use famous footwear is an operating division of brown group retail, inc. which in turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of brown shoe company, inc. the famous.com website is operated by the famous footwear division of brown shoe company. brown group retail, inc. and brown shoe company, inc. are the sole owners of all information collected on this site. this information will not be shared with, sold or rented to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. this information is collected from users at several different points on the famous.com website. rewards customers in order to become a rewards member, you must first complete the registration form. during registration you are required to give personal contact information (such as name and email address). this information is used to reward loyal customers for their purchases. by becoming a rewards member, you are able to earn points for purchases made online, and in-store, as well as take advantage of special offers we make available to rewards members about new promotions, fashion trends, etc. it is also more convenient for a rewards member to make purchases online. (in order earn points for online purchase, you must remember put in your rewards member number at time of checkout). orders we request information from you on our order form. here you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). this information is used for billing purposes and to fill customers' orders. if we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with you. cookies a cookie is a piece of data stored on the hard drive of your computer, containing information about you. usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. once you close your browser, the cookie simply terminates. for instance, by accepting a cookie from our site, you will not have to log in your password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. if you reject the cookie, you may still use our site. the only drawback to this is that you will be limited in some areas of our site. cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our customers to enhance the experience on our site. log files we use ip addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. ip addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. sharing we use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. these companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.we may partner with other parties from time to time to provide specific services. the personal information you have provided us and information about your order may be shared with third parties. this information may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase information) available from our records and other sources. this information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. it may also be used by our marketing partners or other carefully screened companies whose products may be of interest to you.if you prefer we do not share your name and address, please see the choice and opt-out section below. if you agreed to receive email from our marketing partners, we will share with them your email address and the information described above, so they can send you offers for products and services that may be of interest to you. we will only share your e-mail address if you have opted in by checking the box labeled please send me exclusive member offers, new promotions and fashion trends on the rewards - email and password page. additionally, each email our partners send you will include a description of the simple opt out process to enable you to stop receiving future e-mail. links from time to time, famous.com may contain links to other websites. please be aware that we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site. surveys and contests from time to time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. security this website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.when our registration form or order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption technology. while on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as netscape navigator and microsoft internet explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing."while we use ssl encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information off-line. all of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. our employees are regularly notified and reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. if you have questions about the security of our website, contact famous footwear customer service. special offers rewards members will occasionally receive information on products, services, and special promotions. out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. please see "choice and opt-out" below. site and service updates we also send our users site and service announcement updates. we may communicate with you to provide requested services and, in regards to issues relating to your account, via email or phone. correcting or updating personal information if your personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer desire our service, we will endeavor to provide a way for you to correct, update or remove your personal data provided to us. this can usually be done at the rewards customer account information page or by contacting famous footwear customer service. choice and opt-out our users are given the opportunity to "opt-out" of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. for example, our rewards customer account information form has an 'opt-out' mechanism so users who register with us, but don't want any marketing material or those of our marketing partners, can keep their email address off of our lists. if you no longer wish to receive our promotional materials you may opt-out of receiving these communications by either visiting our rewards customer account information page or by contacting famous footwear customer service. users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. we do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not. notification of changes if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. if at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by way of an email. you will have a choice as to whether or not we may use your information in this different manner. we will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. our stores store locator store events home delivery pick-up in store grand openings rewards program log in learn more join today terms and conditions customer service help contact us order status shipping returns exclusions my account fit assistance gift cards our company about us careers site map stay connected policies security privacy text messaging legal supply chain email signup sign up for trend updates & special offers,plus get a coupon just for signing up!* sign up for email *by entering my email address, i certify that the information i am providing is accurate and that i am at least 18 years of age. © 2013 famous.com, inc. a subsidiary of brown shoe company (nyse:bws)