来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141219004203/http://www.famousfootwear.com/en-US/Content/PRIVACY.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy - famous footwear stop stop sign in (test) | join now why join? famous footwear all women men girls boys bags accessories sale women view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots slippers casual shoes dress shoes sandals wides narrows men view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots slippers casual shoes dress shoes sandals wides girls view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals infants toddlers boys view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals infants toddlers accessories view all new arrivals backpacks gymsacks socks/hosiery slippers totes brands view all womens shoes mens shoes girls shoes boys shoes accessories sale womens mens girls boys #ohsofamous choose your store for local product availability, please provide your zip code: close × rewards my points hello, your account hello! sign in / join now privacy policy at famous footwear and famous footwear outlet, we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. this privacy policy is effective as of october 16, 2014, and discloses the privacy practices of famous footwear and famous footwear outlet. this privacy policy will notify you of: what personal information or third-party personal information is collected from you through the website. who is collecting the information. how the information is used. with whom the information may be shared. what choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information. the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, theft, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or alteration of information under our control. how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. if you feel that we are not abiding by our posted privacy policy, you should contact famous footwear consumer care. refer to the last section of this policy for contact information. information collection and use famous footwear is an operating division of bg retail, llc., in the united states, and brown shoe company of canada, ltd. in canada, which are in turn wholly-owned subsidiaries of brown shoe company, inc. the famous.com website is operated by the famous footwear division of bg retail, llc. bg retail, llc., and brown shoe company of canada, ltd. are the sole owners of all information collected on this site. this information is collected from users at several different points on the famous.com website. personal information collected at or through famous footwear retail locations in the u.s. is controlled by notice: please note the campus kicks™ application deadline has been extended to 8/31/11. chosen ambassadors will be notified via email by 9/9/11. the respective campus kicks scholarship program will now begin 10/1/11 (see official rules). famous footwear campus kicks ambassador program terms and conditions the following terms and conditions (“terms and conditions”) contain important information regarding the famous footwear campus kicks ambassador program (the “program”) sponsored by bg retail, llc. d/b/a famous footwear (“sponsor”). please read the following terms and conditions carefully. these terms and conditions are a binding agreement between you and sponsor and will govern your participation in the program. these terms and conditions are subject to change by sponsor at any time, effective when posted on this website. your continued use after such notice will constitute acceptance by you of such changes. being eligible for the program entitles ambassadors (“ambassadors”) to take advantage of certain program benefits that may change from time to time and, which may be made available for limited times, all as determined by sponsor in its sole discretion. from time to time, ambassadors may receive special notifications and updates from sponsor via email. [you can find out about available program credits and benefits by contacting campuskicks@brownshoe.com.] participation in the program and/or redemption of program benefits is considered acceptance of these terms and conditions. sponsor may, in its sole and absolute discretion, cancel, change, suspend or modify any aspect of the program and/or any benefit at any time, including the availability of any credits, without notice. program period: program begins on the date ambassador receives his/her notification of his/her acceptance into the program (the “commencement date”) and will continue until terminated by sponsor or ambassador as provided herein these terms and conditions (“program period”). the program period expires for each ambassador on the date that is 1one 2 months after the commencement date, and the program period may be extended for any ambassador at sponsor’s discretion. eligibility: to be eligible for the program, each ambassador must: (i) be 18 years of age or older, (ii) be a united states citizen and reside in one of the 50 states or the district of columbia, (iii) be selected by sponsor for the program upon completion of all required online applications, (iv) be enrolled in a college or university and remain in compliance with such institution’s policies and regulations, (v) be a famous footwear rewards member and (vi) have a valid e-mail address and facebook account (if you do not already have a facebook account, you can set one up for free at www.facebook.com). all decisions with respect to program membership are in sponsor’s sole and absolute discretion and are final and binding in all respects. employees, officers and directors of sponsor and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies are not eligible to participate in the program. you cannot participate in the program in a way that would violate your school’s policies or regulations. accumulating credits: upon enrollment into the program, ambassadors can begin accumulating program credits, which are $5 famous footwear gift cards (each, a “credit”) by referring customers who purchase shoes at famous footwear without returning those shoes in accordance with sponsor’s return policy (an “eligible referral”). ambassador shall provide each such potential customer with a referral coupon for use at famous footwear (“referral coupon”). for each eligible referral during the program period, sponsor will award ambassador one credit, subject to a maximum of $250 in credits per year (12 consecutive months from the commencement date or any program renewal date). an “eligible referral” is defined as a purchase (that is not returned in accordance with sponsor’s return policy) by the recipient of the referral coupon. only purchases at famous footwear, famous footwear outlets, or online at famous.com are eligible for credits. if the eligible referral returns the item purchased with the referral coupon in accordance with sponsor’s return policy, the referral will be voided from the program and ambassador shall not be eligible for any credits in connection with such referral. ambassadors will not accumulate famous footwear gift card credits for any eligible referral that are booked after the expiration of the referral coupon expiration date and/or the program period. ambassador’s famous footwear rewards account will be suspended during ambassador’s participation in the program. ambassador is responsible for all of his or her costs and expenses incurred in connection with the program. gift card terms and conditions apply on all credits. credits may not be used in conjunction with any employee or guest discount card. decisions with respect to any credits are in sponsor’s sole and absolute discretion and all decisions by sponsor are final and binding in all respects. sponsor reserves the right to suspend, terminate, cash out, revalue or modify, without liability, or notice to ambassadors, all or part of the credits value structure and offers and any merchandise or service (if applicable). sponsor reserves the right to adjudicate all credits discrepancies in its sole discretion and the ambassadors agree to abide with any such adjudication. credits: credits will be “cashed out” and added the ambassador’s personal gift card (which sponsor will issue prior to the start of the first coupon valid date) three times per year. the program and/or credits are void where prohibited by law. sponsor is not responsible for any failures or circumstances affecting, disrupting or corrupting the program or credits in any manner including without limitation, ambassadors’ ability to participate in the program or use of any credits. credits may be taxable and all federal, state, and local tax laws apply (see taxes below for more details). ambassadors are solely responsible for reporting such items on their tax returns and paying any associated tax liability. ambassadors may not assign or transfer any credits. ambassadors may not transfer or assign to any other person or permit anyone to make use of their membership in the program or earned or accumulated credits without sponsor’s written permission. merchandise purchased with credits cannot be resold. void if credit is copied, transferred, sold, auctioned, exchanged or expired. credit is not redeemable in any manner other than as provided herein. theft, alteration, diversion, reproduction, transfer, auction, sale or purchase of any credit is prohibited and constitutes fraud. fraudulent submissions may result in prosecution. member’s code of conduct/ftc endorsement guides: ambassador agrees to comply with all federal, state, local laws, rules, regulations and court orders that are applicable to ambassador’s participation in this program. sponsor believes in full transparency and in full, fair and effective disclosures of material facts relating to ambassador’s relationship with sponsor. sponsor requires that all ambassadors abide by the ftc’s guides concerning the use of endorsements and testimonials in advertising (www.ftc.gov/os/2009/10/091005revisedendorsementguides.pdf) (“ftc endorsement guides”). per the ftc’s endorsement guides, ambassador should disclose ambassador’s connection to sponsor when promoting the program. for example, ambassador should disclose to any potential referral that they are enrolled in sponsor’s rewards program when promoting the program. the program is not associated with or endorsed by facebook. social media policy and privacy policy: when posting on social media sites, ambassadors must always ensure the proper spelling and capitalization of “famous footwear”. the program is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, facebook or any other social media site. ambassadors acknowledge and agree that they are providing information to sponsor and not to facebook. information collected from ambassadors on the online application form will be used in accordance with sponsor’s privacy policy. for more information on what information sponsor collects and how sponsor uses such information, please read sponsor’s privacy policy located at http://www.famous.com/content.aspx?contentid=privacy. termination: sponsor may, in its sole and absolute discretion, terminate any ambassador’s participation in the program, or any part thereof, for any reason or no reason at any time and such decision shall be final and binding. sponsor shall be the sole determiner in cases of suspected abuse, fraud, or breach of these terms and conditions. six or more months of inactivity (i.e., no referrals) will result in termination from the program at sponsor’s discretion. upon graduation, ambassadors will also complete their ambassadorship. ambassadors may terminate their campus kicks ambassadorship at any time by sending an email to campuskicks@brownshoe.com. upon termination, ambassador will have the opportunity to redeem all credits accumulated to date. even after ambassador’s membership is terminated, these terms and conditions will remain in full force and effect. independent contractor status: nothing in this agreement implies any employment or joint venture relationship between sponsor and ambassador. as an independent contractor, ambassador shall not receive nor be entitled to a salary or any other benefits or privileges sponsor provides to its employees. ambassador confirms and agrees that it is not sponsor’s agent and that ambassador has no right to bind sponsor, its parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates in any way. proprietary information: sponsor is the owner of or otherwise licensed to use and all promotional materials and literature, including all copy, software, coupons, graphics, designs and all copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights contained therein (collectively, “proprietary information”). sponsor hereby grants ambassador the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use all proprietary information provided by sponsor solely in connection with the promotion and marketing of its goods and services by ambassador solely for purposes of the program during the program period. sponsor reserves the right to approve the manner in which such proprietary information is used and ambassador will promptly comply with all of sponsor’s directions regarding its proprietary information. ambassador will not use any proprietary information as part of his/her corporate or trade name. ambassador will not tamper with or reproduce any of sponsor’s coupons. all rights not granted under these terms and conditions are reserved by sponsor. taxes: all taxes applicable to any credits provided by sponsor under this agreement will be ambassador’s responsibility and sponsor shall not withhold or pay any amounts for federal, state or municipal income tax, social security, unemployment or worker’s compensation. if sponsor is required to file with the internal revenue service a form 1099-misc, u.s. information return for recipients of miscellaneous income, reflecting the credits paid by sponsor to ambassador, then ambassador will be required to complete and submit a form w-9 to sponsor. confidentiality: ambassador acknowledges that he/she may acquire confidential information concerning sponsor and/or the program pursuant to the provisions of this agreement, and hereby agrees that he/she shall not use any such information for any purpose, except as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder. ambassador further agrees not to disclose or provide any such information to any third party and to take all necessary measures to prevent any such disclosure. disclaimer warranties: the program, including all content made available on or accessed through the program, is provided "as is" and sponsor makes no representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever for the content on the program. further, to the fullest extent permissible by law, sponsor disclaims any express or implied warranties, including, without limitation, non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. sponsor does not warrant that the functions contained in the program or any materials or content contained therein will be completely secure, uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the program or the server that makes it available is free of viruses or other harmful components. sponsor shall not be liable for the use of the program, including, without limitation, the content and any errors contained therein provided by third parties. in no event will sponsor be liable under any theory of tort, contract, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or other consequential damages, lost profits, lost data, lost opportunities, costs of cover, exemplary, punitive, personal injury/wrongful death, each of which is hereby excluded by agreement of the parties regardless of whether or not sponsor has been advised of the possibility of such damages. indemnification: ambassador agrees to indemnify, defend and hold sponsor, its parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, advertising and promotions agencies and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents (collectively, “released parties”) harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses, including attorneys’ fees and costs, arising from, or related to any breach by ambassador of any of these terms and conditions, any action or inaction related to the program or the sponsor or any violation by ambassador of applicable law. limitation of liability: by participating in the program, ambassadors and their referrals release the released parties from any and all liability for any loss, harm, damages, cost or expense, including, without limitation, property damages, personal injury and/or death, arising out of or in any way connected to the program and/or the use of any credits. sponsor makes no warranty in any respect as to any merchandise or service available within the program or in connection with any credits. the released parties’ maximum liability arising out of or in connection with the program, the site, or the proprietary information, regardless of the cause of action (whether in contract, tort, breach of warranty or otherwise), will not exceed ten dollars ($10). some jurisdictions limit the exclusion of damages or limitation of liability, and as such the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to member. if any part of the exclusions of damages or limitation of liability set forth above is unenforceable under applicable law, the released parties’ aggregate liability will be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law. governing law: the laws of the united states and the state of new york shall govern these program terms and conditions. you hereby expressly consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the courts located in st. louis, missouri for all matters arising in connection with these terms and conditions or your participation in the program. the terms and conditions set forth above shall constitute the entire understanding between sponsor and each ambassador enrolled and participating in the program. campus kicks scholarship official rules no purchase necessary to enter or win. a purchase does not improve your chances of winning. promotion may only be entered in or from the 50 united states and the district of columbia and entries originating from any other jurisdiction are not eligible for entry. this promotion is governed exclusively by the laws of the united states. you are not authorized to participate in the promotion if you are not located within the 50 united states or the district of columbia. 1. how to enter. to participate in the campus kicks scholarship (the “promotion”), beginning at 12:01am est on 10/1/2011, brown shoe ambassadors (each, a “ambassador”) enrolled in the famous footwear campus kicks ambassador program (the “program”) can begin accumulating program credits, which are $5 famous footwear gift cards (each, a “credit”) by referring customers who purchase shoes at famous footwear without returning those shoes in accordance with sponsor’s return policy (an “eligible referral”). ambassador shall provide each such potential customer with a referral coupon for use at famous footwear (“referral coupon”). for each eligible referral during the program period, sponsor will award ambassador one (1) credit, subject to a maximum of $250 in credits per year. an “eligible referral” is defined as a purchase (that is not returned by the recipient of the referral coupon in accordance with sponsor’s return policy. only purchases at famous footwear, famous footwear outlets, or online at famous.com are eligible for credits. if the eligible referral returns the item purchased with the referral coupon in accordance with sponsor’s return policy the referral will be voided from the program and ambassador shall not be eligible for any credits in connection with such referral. the first ambassador to reach the $250 maximum in credits per year will be deemed the winner. once there is one (1) ambassador who has successfully reached the $250 maximum in credits per year, the promotion will be over, and no other prizes will be awarded. the promotion is subject to the program terms and conditions located at: www.famous.com. limit one (1) entry per ambassador, per e-mail address. no automated entry devices and/or programs permitted. all entries become the sole and exclusive property of the sponsor and receipt of entries will not be acknowledged or returned. delivery of prizes requires a street address (no p.o. boxes). bg retail, llc. d/b/a famous footwear (“sponsor”) is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, stolen, incomplete, invalid, unintelligible, misdirected, postage-due, technically corrupted or garbled entries or mail, which will be disqualified, or for problems of any kind whether mechanical, human or electronic. only fully completed entry forms are eligible. proof of submission will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by sponsor. 2. start/end dates. promotion begins at 12:01am est on 10/1/11 and ends once one (1) ambassador has successfully reached the $250 maximum in credits per year, or at 11:59pm est on 8/31/12, whichever occurs first. 3. eligibility. participation open only to legal residents of the fifty united states or the district of columbia, who are 18 or older as of date of entry and who have been selected by sponsor for the program as an ambassador, are enrolled in a college or university and remain in compliance with such institution’s policies and regulations, and are a famous footwear rewards member. void outside of the 50 united states and the district of columbia, and where prohibited, taxed or restricted by law. employees, officers and directors of sponsor and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies are not eligible to enter. promotion may only be entered in or from the 50 united states and the district of columbia, and entries originating from any other jurisdiction are not eligible for entry. all federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. 4. first to reach \$250 in credits: beginning at 12:01am est on 10/1/11, the first one (1) ambassador who reaches the $250 maximum in credits per year will be deemed the winner and will receive a $2,500 scholarship to be used toward tuition or books at ambassador’s college or university. arv of prize: $2,500. prize will be paid by check. winner will be notified by email within ten (10) days of determination. if no ambassador reaches the $250 maximum by 11:59pm est on 8/31/12, the winner will be deemed the ambassador who reaches the greatest number of eligible referrals with a minimum of $100 in credits. if prize is returned as undeliverable or if potential winner fails to respond to first notification attempt within ten (10) days, the prize will be forfeited. upon prize forfeiture, no compensation will be given. once one (1) ambassador has successfully reached the $250 maximum in credits per year, the promotion will be over, and no other prizes will be awarded. odds of winning depend on the number of ambassadors and timing of redemptions. by entering the promotion, ambassadors fully and unconditionally agree to be bound by these rules, which will be final and binding in all matters relating to the promotion. all federal, state, local or other tax liabilities (and the reporting consequences thereof) are the sole responsibility of the winner. 5. conditions. all taxes are the sole responsibility of the winner. by participating, ambassadors and winner agree to release and hold harmless sponsor, its advertising and promotion agencies and its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, representatives, agents, successors, assigns, employees, officers and directors, from any and all liability, for loss, harm, damage, injury, cost or expense whatsoever including without limitation, property damage, personal injury and/or death which may occur in connection with, preparation for, travel to, or participation in promotion, or possession, acceptance and/or use or misuse of prize or participation in any promotion-related activity and claims based on publicity rights, defamation or invasion of privacy and merchandise delivery. ambassadors who do not comply with these official rules, or attempt to interfere with this promotion in any way shall be disqualified. prizes are non-transferable. no substitutions or cash redemptions. in the case of unavailability of any prize, sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. there is no purchase or sales presentation required to participate. a purchase does not increase odds of winning. 6. additional terms for online promotion. sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify, or suspend this promotion should (in its sole discretion) virus, bugs, non-authorized human intervention or other causes beyond its control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness or proper conduct of the promotion. in such case, sponsor will select the winner from all eligible entries received prior to and/or after (if appropriate) the action taken by sponsor. sponsor reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual it finds, in its sole discretion, to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the promotion or web site. for details regarding collection of information from users of the web site (including entrants), please consult the privacy policy on the web site. additionally, sponsor reserves the right to prosecute any fraudulent activities to the full extent of the law. in case of dispute as to the identity of any entrant, entry will be declared made by the authorized account holder of the email address submitted at time of entry. “authorized account holder” is defined as the natural person who is assigned an email address by an internet access provider, online service provider, or other organization (e.g., business, educational, institution, etc.) responsible for assigning email addresses or the domain associated with the submitted email address. any other attempted form of entry is prohibited; no automatic, programmed; robotic or similar means of entry are permitted. sponsor, and its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners and promotion and advertising agencies are not responsible for technical, hardware, software, telephone or other communications malfunctions, errors or failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, web site, internet, or isp availability, unauthorized human intervention, traffic congestion, incomplete or inaccurate capture of entry information (regardless of cause) or failed, incomplete, garbled, jumbled or delayed computer transmissions which may limit one's ability to enter the promotion, including any injury or damage to participant’s or any other person’s computer relating to or resulting from participating in this promotion or downloading any materials in this promotion. caution: any attempt by an entrant to deliberately damage any web site or undermine the legitimate operation of the sweepstakes may be a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made, the sponsor reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. 7. use of data. sponsor will be collecting personal data about entrants online, in accordance with its privacy policy. please review the sponsor’s privacy policy at http://www.famous.com/content.aspx?contentid=privacy. by participating in the promotion, entrants hereby agree to sponsor’s collection and usage of their personal information and acknowledge that they have read and accepted sponsor’s privacy policy. 8. list of winner’s name. to obtain the name of the winner, send a self-addressed, stamped envelope by 11/31/12 to: campus kicks 8300 maryland avenue saint louis mo 63105. 9. sponsor. bg retail, llc. d/b/a famous footwear, 8300 maryland avenue saint louis mo 63105. personal information collected at or through famous footwear retail locations in canada is controlled by brown shoe company of canada, ltd. it is our policy that this information will not be shared with, sold or rented to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this policy. rewards membership in order to become a rewards member, you must first register, either by completing the registration form online (not available in canada) or by registering in-store. during registration you are required to give personal contact information, such as name and email address. when you use your rewards member number at the time of checkout, we will also collect information about your purchases. this information is used to reward loyal customers for their purchases and to determine what products and offers may be of particular interest to you. by becoming a rewards member, you are able to earn points for purchases made online, and in-store, as well as take advantage of special offers we make available. rewards members may receive offers and information about new promotions, fashion trends, etc. via email message or text message (sms) if opt-in complete (sms not available in canada). it is also more convenient for a rewards member to make purchases online. in order to earn points for online purchases, you must enter your rewards member number at time of checkout. online orders placed at famous.com can only be shipped to a physical u.s. address, excluding p.o. and cpo boxes. online orders we request information from you on our order form. you must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). this information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. if we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with you. online orders placed at famous.com can only be shipped to a physical u.s. address, excluding p.o. and cpo boxes. retail we may require government-issued identification or collect personal information, such as your name, address and telephone number, when you return or exchange merchandise in-store. we use this information for the purposes of processing the transaction, maintaining records, and detecting and preventing fraud. we may also collect personal information, such as name, telephone number, or email address, if you contact a store or our consumer care team with a question, concern or complaint, so that we may respond appropriately. in addition, you may be asked for your email address if you express interest or agree to receive electronic sales receipts and emails about new promotions, fashion trends, etc. providing your email address at our retail locations is strictly optional. special offers rewards members will occasionally receive information on products, services, and special promotions. out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. please see "choice and opt-out" below. surveys and contests occasionally, we may request information from customers via surveys or contests. participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary. therefore, you have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (such as zip/postal code, age level). contest information will be used to administer the contest, including notifying the winners and awarding prizes. survey information will be used for purposes of evaluating, monitoring, or improving our business or this site. cookies a cookie is a piece of data stored on the hard drive of your computer, containing information about you. usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. cookies can make the browsing experience easier. for instance, by accepting a cookie from our site, you will not have to type in your password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. most browsers can be set to reject cookies or to ask you if you want to accept/reject an incoming cookie. if you reject the cookie, you may still use our site, although you will be limited in some areas of our site. cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our customers to enhance the experience on our site. log files we use ip addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. sharing we use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. we may partner with other parties (including affiliated companies) from time to time to provide specific services on our behalf, such as marketing, analytics, data hosting and processing, and similar services. the personal information we collect may be shared with these other parties so that they may provide these services to us. note that some of these other parties and affiliates may be located outside of the country in which you reside, including in the united states, and your personal information may be collected, used, disclosed, stored and processed in such jurisdictions for the purposes described in this privacy policy. we may combine the personal information we collect, such as your order information and contact information, with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase information) available from our records and other sources. this information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. it may also be disclosed to and used by our marketing partners or other carefully screened companies whose products may be of interest to you. if you prefer we do not share this information with our marketing partners or other carefully screened companies, please see the choice and opt-out section below. if you agree and consent to receive email from our marketing partners, we will share with them your email address and the information described above, so they can send you offers for products and services that may be of interest to you. we will only share this information if you have opted in and provided consent by selecting submit or sign up when prompted to enter your email address to “sign up for trend updates & special offers.” additionally, our agreements with our partners require that each email our partners send you will include a description of the simple opt-out process to enable you to stop receiving future emails. links from time to time, famous.com may contain links to other websites. please be aware that we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. the privacy policy you are currently reading applies solely to information collected by famous.com. security we take steps to protect our customers’ information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification, both online and off-line when our online registration form or order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption technology. while on a secure page, such as our order form, web browsers (such as microsoft internet explorer, google chrome, or apple safari) change to “locked” status as opposed to un-locked, or open, status used for general internet searches or browsing. while we use ssl encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also strive to protect user information off-line. all of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. only associates who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a consumer care representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. furthermore, all associates are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. our associates are regularly notified and reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. if you have questions about our information security practices, contact famous footwear consumer care. site and service updates it is sometimes necessary to email our users regarding site and/or service updates. for issues directly relating to your account, or to provide services you’ve requested, we may communicate with you by either email or phone. correcting or updating personal information if your personal information changes (such as your email, or zip/postal code), or if you no longer desire our service, we will endeavor to provide a way for you to correct, update or remove your personal information provided to us. this can be done at the rewards customer account information page (us rewards members only) or by contacting famous footwear consumer care. choice and opt-out our online visitors are given the opportunity to opt out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. for example, our rewards customer account information form (us rewards members only) has an opt-out mechanism so users who register with us, but don't want any marketing material or those of our marketing partners, can keep their email address off of our lists. if you previously agreed to receive our promotional materials and no longer wish to receive them, you may opt out of receiving these communications by either visiting our rewards customer account information page (us rewards members only) or by contacting famous footwear consumer care. users of our site are notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. we do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not. notification of changes if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so our users always have access to details about the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. if at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email. you will have a choice as to whether or not we may use your information in this different manner. otherwise, we will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. contact information if you wish to request access to, or correction of, your personal information in the custody or control of bg retail, llc. or brown shoe company of canada, ltd., if you have any questions or would like to make a complaint, or if you would like to opt-out of receiving promotional materials from brown group retail, llc. or brown shoe company of canada ltd., please use the information below to contact us. requests for access and correction must be in writing and are subject to applicable legal restrictions. for customers in the united states: contact us by clicking here. for customers in canada: by phone: 1-800-969-7500 by mail: brown shoe company of canada ltd. famous footwear consumer care 1857 rogers road perth, ontario k7h 1p7 privacy policy at famous footwear and famous footwear outlet, we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. this privacy policy is effective as of october 16, 2014, and discloses the privacy practices of famous footwear and famous footwear outlet. this privacy policy will notify you of: what personal information or third-party personal information is collected from you through the website. who is collecting the information. how the information is used. with whom the information may be shared. what choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information. the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, theft, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or alteration of information under our control. how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. if you feel that we are not abiding by our posted privacy policy, you should contact famous footwear consumer care. refer to the last section of this policy for contact information. information collection and use famous footwear is an operating division of brown group retail, inc., in the united states, and brown shoe company of canada, ltd. in canada, which are in turn wholly-owned subsidiaries of brown shoe company, inc. the famous.com website is operated by the famous footwear division of brown group retail, inc. brown group retail, inc., and brown shoe company of canada, ltd. are the sole owners of all information collected on this site. this information is collected from users at several different points on the famous.com website. personal information collected at or through famous footwear retail locations in the u.s. is controlled by brown group retail, inc. personal information collected at or through famous footwear retail locations in canada is controlled by brown shoe company of canada, ltd. it is our policy that this information will not be shared with, sold or rented to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this policy. rewards membership in order to become a rewards member, you must first register, either by completing the registration form online (not available in canada) or by registering in-store. during registration you are required to give personal contact information, such as name and email address. when you use your rewards member number at the time of checkout, we will also collect information about your purchases. this information is used to reward loyal customers for their purchases and to determine what products and offers may be of particular interest to you. by becoming a rewards member, you are able to earn points for purchases made online, and in-store, as well as take advantage of special offers we make available. rewards members may receive offers and information about new promotions, fashion trends, etc. via email message or text message (sms) if opt-in complete (sms not available in canada). it is also more convenient for a rewards member to make purchases online. in order to earn points for online purchases, you must enter your rewards member number at time of checkout. online orders placed at famous.com can only be shipped to a physical u.s. address, excluding p.o. and cpo boxes. online orders we request information from you on our order form. you must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). this information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. if we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with you. online orders placed at famous.com can only be shipped to a physical u.s. address, excluding p.o. and cpo boxes. retail we may require government-issued identification or collect personal information, such as your name, address and telephone number, when you return or exchange merchandise in-store. we use this information for the purposes of processing the transaction, maintaining records, and detecting and preventing fraud. we may also collect personal information, such as name, telephone number, or email address, if you contact a store or our consumer care team with a question, concern or complaint, so that we may respond appropriately. in addition, you may be asked for your email address if you express interest or agree to receive electronic sales receipts and emails about new promotions, fashion trends, etc. providing your email address at our retail locations is strictly optional. special offers rewards members will occasionally receive information on products, services, and special promotions. out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. please see "choice and opt-out" below. surveys and contests occasionally, we may request information from customers via surveys or contests. participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary. therefore, you have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (such as zip/postal code, age level). contest information will be used to administer the contest, including notifying the winners and awarding prizes. survey information will be used for purposes of evaluating, monitoring, or improving our business or this site. cookies a cookie is a piece of data stored on the hard drive of your computer, containing information about you. usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. cookies can make the browsing experience easier. for instance, by accepting a cookie from our site, you will not have to type in your password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. most browsers can be set to reject cookies or to ask you if you want to accept/reject an incoming cookie. if you reject the cookie, you may still use our site, although you will be limited in some areas of our site. cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our customers to enhance the experience on our site. log files we use ip addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. sharing we use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. we may partner with other parties (including affiliated companies) from time to time to provide specific services on our behalf, such as marketing, analytics, data hosting and processing, and similar services. the personal information we collect may be shared with these other parties so that they may provide these services to us. note that some of these other parties and affiliates may be located outside of the country in which you reside, including in the united states, and your personal information may be collected, used, disclosed, stored and processed in such jurisdictions for the purposes described in this privacy policy. we may combine the personal information we collect, such as your order information and contact information, with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase information) available from our records and other sources. this information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. it may also be disclosed to and used by our marketing partners or other carefully screened companies whose products may be of interest to you. if you prefer we do not share this information with our marketing partners or other carefully screened companies, please see the choice and opt-out section below. if you agree and consent to receive email from our marketing partners, we will share with them your email address and the information described above, so they can send you offers for products and services that may be of interest to you. we will only share this information if you have opted in and provided consent by selecting submit or sign up when prompted to enter your email address to “sign up for trend updates & special offers.” additionally, our agreements with our partners require that each email our partners send you will include a description of the simple opt-out process to enable you to stop receiving future emails. links from time to time, famous.com may contain links to other websites. please be aware that we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. the privacy policy you are currently reading applies solely to information collected by famous.com. security we take steps to protect our customers’ information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification, both online and off-line when our online registration form or order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption technology. while on a secure page, such as our order form, web browsers (such as microsoft internet explorer, google chrome, or apple safari) change to “locked” status as opposed to un-locked, or open, status used for general internet searches or browsing. while we use ssl encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also strive to protect user information off-line. all of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. only associates who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a consumer care representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. furthermore, all associates are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. our associates are regularly notified and reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. if you have questions about our information security practices, contact famous footwear consumer care. site and service updates it is sometimes necessary to email our users regarding site and/or service updates. for issues directly relating to your account, or to provide services you’ve requested, we may communicate with you by either email or phone. correcting or updating personal information if your personal information changes (such as your email, or zip/postal code), or if you no longer desire our service, we will endeavor to provide a way for you to correct, update or remove your personal information provided to us. this can be done at the rewards customer account information page (us rewards members only) or by contacting famous footwear consumer care. choice and opt-out our online visitors are given the opportunity to opt out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. for example, our rewards customer account information form (us rewards members only) has an opt-out mechanism so users who register with us, but don't want any marketing material or those of our marketing partners, can keep their email address off of our lists. if you previously agreed to receive our promotional materials and no longer wish to receive them, you may opt out of receiving these communications by either visiting our rewards customer account information page (us rewards members only) or by contacting famous footwear consumer care. users of our site are notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. we do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not. notification of changes if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so our users always have access to details about the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. if at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email. you will have a choice as to whether or not we may use your information in this different manner. otherwise, we will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. contact information if you wish to request access to, or correction of, your personal information in the custody or control of brown group retail, inc. or brown shoe company of canada, ltd., if you have any questions or would like to make a complaint, or if you would like to opt-out of receiving promotional materials from brown group retail, inc. or brown shoe company of canada ltd., please use the information below to contact us. requests for access and correction must be in writing and are subject to applicable legal restrictions. for customers in the united states: contact us by clicking here. for customers in canada: by phone: 1-800-969-7500 by mail: brown shoe company of canada ltd. famous footwear consumer care 1857 rogers road perth, ontario k7h 1p7 famous brands. famously easy. sign up for trend updates & special offers* sign up our stores store locator home delivery rewards program log in learn more join today terms and conditions customer service help contact us order status shipping returns exclusions my account fit assistance gift cards our company about us careers site map mobile connect famous in the community policies security privacy text messaging legal supply chain secure checkout *by entering my email address, i certify that the information i am providing is accurate and that i am at least 18 years of age. © 2015 famousfootwear.com, inc. a subsidiary of brown shoe company (nyse:bws)