来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151227192325/http://www.famousfootwear.com/en-US/Content/terms_of_use.aspx
================================================================================

terms of use stop stop sign in (test) | join now why join? famous footwear all women men girls boys bags accessories sale women view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots wide calf boots slippers casual shoes dress shoes sandals wides narrows sale clearance men view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots slippers casual shoes dress shoes sandals wides extra wides sale clearance girls view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals infants toddlers sale clearance boys view all new arrivals star wars skechers athletic shoes boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals infants toddlers sale clearance accessories view all new arrivals backpacks drawstring backpacks socks slippers sale clearance brands view all womens shoes mens shoes girls shoes boys shoes accessories sale women men girls boys inspiration blog #ohsofamous top pinned choose your store rewards my points hello, your account hello! sign in / join now customer service help fit assistance contact us shipping policy return policy gift cards security policy privacy policy exclusions terms of use store information store events home delivery company information about us careers site map rewards rewards program my account terms of use agreement this is the official terms of use agreement ("agreement") for famous.com ("famous footwear website, "site", "website", "we"). this website is hosted by famous footwear, which is a division of bg retail, llc., a wholly owned subsidiary of caleres, inc. ("famous footwear"). please read this agreement carefully because it explains your rights and responsibilities. your agreement and acceptance by using and/or visiting this website, you agree to be bound by (1) all the terms and conditions contained in this agreement, and (2) famous footwear's privacy policy , found at www.famous.com, which is incorporated herein by reference. this website is not intended for children under the age of 13. by using this website, you represent and affirm that you are at least 13 years old. if you are under 13 years of age, please discontinue use of the website immediately. we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to revise the terms of this agreement at any time. once posted on the website, these changes become effective immediately, and your use of this website following such changes constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revisions. although we may attempt to notify you when we make major changes are made to this agreement, you should periodically review the most up-to-date version at www.famous.com to make sure you are aware of the most current terms and conditions. this agreement shall apply to all website users, including users who contribute video content, postings, comments, and other materials or services on the website. famous footwear accounts we may require you to create an account in order to access some features of the website. when creating your account, you must provide complete and accurate information as prompted. you are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of your account password and identification, and you will be responsible for any activity that occurs on your account. you must notify famous footwear immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. famous footwear will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. you could be liable for losses incurred by famous footwear or others due to such unauthorized use. use of the website famous footwear hereby grants you permission to access and use the website as set forth in this agreement, provided that: you agree to comply with all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations. you agree to use the website communication services only to post, send and receive messages and materials that are proper and legal. you agree that you will not use this website for any purpose that is unlawful or that is prohibited by this agreement. you agree not to violate or attempt to violate the security of the website, and you agree not to use the website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the website or interfere with any other person's use and enjoyment of the website. you agree not to use the website for any commercial use. you agree not to use the communication systems provided by the website for any commercial solicitation purposes (for example, you agree not to solicit for commercial purposes any users of the website regarding their user submissions). famous footwear reserves the right to discontinue any aspect of the famous footwear website at any time. in addition to the general restrictions above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of content on the famous footwear website. the content on the famous footwear website, except all user submissions (as defined below), including without limitation, the text, button icons, images, photos, graphics, sounds, music, videos, interactive features, software and the like ("content") and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein ("marks"), are owned by or licensed to famous footwear, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under the law. content on the website is provided to you "as is" and is intended solely for your personal, noncommercial use. accordingly, you agree not to download, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise distribute for any commercial purpose whatsoever any content from this website without the prior written consent of the respective owners. famous footwear reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the website and the content. you shall not download any user submission unless you see a "download" or similar link displayed by famous footwear on the famous footwear website for that specific user submission. user comments are made available "as is", and may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, downloaded, or otherwise distributed in any manner not intended by the normal functionality of the famous footwear website or otherwise as prohibited under this agreement. you may access famous footwear content, user submissions and other content only as permitted under this agreement. famous footwear reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the famous footwear content and the famous footwear website. you understand that when using the famous footwear website, you will be exposed to user submissions from a variety of sources, and that famous footwear is not responsible for the accuracy, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such user submissions. you further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to user submissions that are offensive, objectionable, or inaccurate, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against famous footwear with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold famous footwear, its parent company, and its affiliates and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law in connection with all matters related to your use of the website. user submissions as a famous footwear account holder, you may submit video content ("user videos") and textual content ("user comments"). user videos and user comments are collectively referred to as "user submissions." famous footwear does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any user submissions. you are solely responsible for your own user submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. by submitting a user submission, you automatically grant famous footwear with a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, and display such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium or technology now known or later developed. in connection with user submissions, you agree that you will not submit material to the website that (a) violates or infringes the proprietary rights of any person; (b) is libelous, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under any law; or (c) includes any viruses, worms, rogue programs or other harmful code or properties. famous footwear does not endorse any user submission or any opinion, observation, recommendation, or suggestion expressed therein, and famous footwear expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with user submissions. famous footwear does not permit infringement of intellectual property rights on its website. accordingly, famous footwear will remove all content and user submissions if properly notified that such content or user submission infringes on another's intellectual property rights. famous footwear reserves the right to remove content and user submissions without prior notice. famous footwear respects and honors the intellectual property rights of others. if you are a copyright owner and believe that any user submission or other content infringes upon your copyrights, please contact us. risk of loss the risk of loss and title for items you purchase from this website will pass to you upon delivery of such items to the carrier. termination of access or account famous footwear reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or restrict or terminate your access to the website at any time and for any reason, with or without cause, without prior notice, and without any liability or further obligation of any kind whatsoever to you or any third party. famous footwear reserves the right to decide whether content or a user submission is appropriate and complies with the terms of this agreement. famous footwear may remove such user submissions any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion. links to third party sites the website may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by famous footwear. famous footwear has no control over, and is not responsible for the content or practices of such websites. by using the website, you expressly relieve famous footwear from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website. we encourage you to be aware of when you leave the famous footwear website and to review the policies of every website that you visit. warranty disclaimer and limitations of liability warranty: this website is provided by famous footwear on an "as is" and "as available" basis without any respresentation or warranty of any kind, express or implied. you agree that your use of the famous footwear website shall be at your sole risk. to the extent permitted by law, famous footwear its parent company, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the website and your use thereof. famous footwear makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this website's content or the content of any sites linked to this website and assumes no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our website, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our website, (iv) any bugs, viruses, or similar rogue programs or harmful properties that may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the famous footwear website. famous footwear does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the famous footwear website or any linked website or featured in any banner or other advertising, and famous footwear will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. limitation of liability: in no event shall famous footwear, its parent company, and their respective officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our website, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our website, (iv) any bugs, viruses, rogue programs, harmful properties or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the famous footwear website, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the company is advised of the possibility of such damages. this limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law. you specifically acknowledge that famous footwear shall not be liable for any user submission or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from these events rests entirely with you. indemnity you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the website, bg retail, llc. and its divisions, its parent corporation, and any of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all allegations, claims, demands, actions, causes of actions, proceedings (whether threatened or pending), orders, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees and other legal expenses) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the famous footwear website; (ii) your violation of any term of this agreement; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that one of your user submissions caused damage to a third party. this defense and indemnification obligation will survive this agreement and your use of the famous footwear website. ability to accept terms of service you affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into, and comply with, the terms set forth in this agreement. text message terms and conditions click here to see the full terms and conditions. general you agree that this agreement and all actions contemplated by this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of missouri, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. any claim or dispute between you and famous footwear that arises in whole or in part from your use of the famous footwear website shall be filed and decided exclusively in the state courts in st. louis county, missouri, or the u.s. district court for the eastern district of missouri. this agreement, together with the privacy policy located at www.famous.com, and any other legal notices published by famous footwear on the website, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and famous footwear concerning the famous footwear website. famous footwear reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as famous footwear deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in famous footwear's sole discretion. if any provision of this agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. no waiver of any term of this agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and famous footwear's failure to assert any right or provision under this agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. rewards terms and conditions the famous footwear rewards program is provided by bg retail, llc. for u.s. members, and caleres canada, inc. for canada members. for the purposes of these rewards terms and conditions, “famous footwear” means bg retail, llc. in respect of u.s. members and caleres canada, inc. in respect of canada members. by becoming a rewards program member and participating in the rewards program, you the member (i) represent that you are an eligible customer, (ii) consent to famous footwear collecting, using and disclosing your personal information as set out in the privacy section below, and (iii) accept these rewards terms and conditions, as they may be amended from time to time “member”. earning rewards no purchase is necessary to join the rewards program, but purchases are required to earn points. you may join in-store or, for u.s. customers, online at famous.com, or by downloading our famous footwear mobile application (see details below). members will receive 1 base point for every $1 in purchases (excluding returns, purchases made from a 3rd party vendor (including gift cards), and taxes and/or shipping) at participating famous footwear, famous footwear outlet, factory brand shoes stores or online at famous.com (online shopping is not available to residents of canada). gold members receive points as described in the gold members section below. for purposes of the famous footwear rewards program, "points" mean those particular famous footwear rewards program measurement increments, which can be used to redeem certain rewards. points have no fixed value, may not be redeemed for cash, and are not transferable to any other individual or entity. any transfer or attempt to transfer a rewards member’s points may result in disqualification from the rewards program. to earn points, members must either present a rewards card or identify themselves at check-out as a rewards member so the store associate can look up the account. to be eligible for points or bonus points, purchases by u.s. members must be made at participating stores in the u.s. or online at famous.com, and purchases by canada members must be made in participating stores in canada. canada members will not receive points for purchases made at participating stores in the u.s. or online, and u.s. members will not receive points for purchases made at participating stores in canada. purchases applying a merchandise credit, gift card or rewards certificate will not earn points unless the purchase amount exceeds the certificate’s face value. for example, if redeeming a $10 rewards certificate on a $60 purchase, you will earn points on the remaining $50 of the purchase amount. for every 100 points you earn you will be eligible to receive a reward certificate redeemable for a certificate, in increments of $5 per 100 points, to apply to a future qualifying purchase (see below for excluded items). the number of points required for a specific reward may change at any time. rewards certificates will be issued with members’ rewards statements. rewards certificates will be issued by email, at our discretion, currently four times per year. one hundred points will be deducted from your account for every $5 rewards certificate issued. famous footwear is not responsible for rewards statements that are late, lost, misdirected, not delivered or not received. members are responsible for ensuring that all contact information on file is correct and up to date. the maximum rewards certificate issued with any statement is $25, the minimum rewards certificate issued with any statement is $5.only one rewards certificate will be issued per member per statement. any remaining points will carry forward to the next statement. rewards points are subject to a cap, and members may not accrue more than five thousand (5,000) points during the course of a rolling twelve (12) month period. once a member reaches 5,000 points, the member will cease accruing further points for a period of twelve (12) consecutive months and the member’s account balance is reduced to less than 5,000 points. the 12 consecutive month period will be measured forward from the date the member reaches 5,000 points. resellers are specifically excluded from the rewards program. if you purchase items for resale, famous footwear reserves the right not to award points, to deduct improperly awarded points, to invalidate improperly issued reward certificates issued from such accounts, as well as to terminate the membership and decline to permit anyone we believe is associated with the resale activity, or the account, to enroll in any rewards or other program, if we so desire. famous footwear has sole discretion over whether to deem any purchase a “purchase for resale”. famous footwear reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to void rewards certificates sent due to error, fraud or misuse of the rewards program. gold membership members who spend $200 or more over a rolling 12 month period will be awarded gold status membership. gold status will take effect within 7-10 days after a member meets the $200 threshold. once gold status membership is achieved, customers must continue to spend $200 or more over a rolling 12 month period to maintain gold status. customer accounts that do not meet the minimum annual spending requirement of $200 over a rolling 12 month period will be automatically returned to non-gold status. members who achieve gold status will receive 1.5 points instead of 1 point for every $1 in purchases (excluding returns, taxes and/or shipping) at participating stores and, for u.s. members, online at famous.com. u.s. gold rewards members will also receive free ground shipping online at famous.com. this benefit is not available to canada members. rewards redemption to redeem a rewards certificate in famous footwear, famous footwear outlet or factory brand shoes stores, simply present the certificate at the time of purchase. for u.s. members, to redeem at famous.com, enter the rewards member number and the online promo code found on your reward certificate at checkout. online orders can only be shipped within the 50 united states; orders cannot ship internationally, or to u.s. territories/commonwealths. canada members are not eligible to redeem rewards certificates online. only one certificate per transaction. rewards certificates may be used one time only. members will not receive credit, change or cash back for partially redeemed rewards certificates and any unused portion will be forfeited. for example, if you use a $25 rewards certificate towards a $20 purchase, you will not receive $5 in change or cash back and will not receive a $5 credit toward any future purchase. rewards certificates have no cash value and may not be exchanged, refunded, transferred, reproduced or redeemed for cash or any other form of credit. rewards certificates must be used by 11:59 p.m. central time on the stated expiration date or they will have no value and cannot be presented for redemption. rewards certificates will not be replaced if lost, stolen or destroyed. the value of a rewards certificate applied to a purchase will not be returned if the purchased product is returned. rewards certificates cannot be applied to previous purchases. altered rewards certificates and any rewards certificates that are reproduced, brokered and/or sold are void. rewards certificates may not be used for the purchase of gift cards/certificates. certificate is redeemable only by the member to whom it was issued. rewards program and the famous footwear mobile application rewards members may download the famous footwear mobile application and receive additional benefits available only to our mobile application rewards members”. the “mobile application” means the software provided by famous footwear to offer services related to famous footwear and its partners’ services, to be used on apple ios and android os devices and any upgrades and/or changes from time to time and any other software or documentation which enables the use of the application. for more information about the mobile application, please see the mobile application terms of use at famous.com. by installing the mobile application, you agree to be bound by the mobile application terms of use so please review them carefully before installation and/or acceptance. if you download the mobile application, you will receive all certificates via the mobile application and will no longer receive certificates via email. if at any point, you wish to change the channel of your rewards certificate communications, please contact customer service by calling 1-888-869-1053 or write to rewards customer service, p.o. box 354, st louis, mo 63166. rewards members who download the mobile application will also receive the following benefits: rewards members may view a list of all available certificates at any time by selecting the “redeem” button at the top of the my victories page. once a member redeems his/her points, a certificate will be generated. this certificate may be used at any participating famous footwear, famous footwear outlet, or online at famous.com. the generated certificate will include its reward value, certificate barcode, online promotion code, and expiration date. rewards members can redeem their certificates through the mobile application at any time (up to a reward value of $75 per certificate, never to exceed 1,500 points during a single redemption). rewards members who download the mobile application must comply with all other existing rewards terms and conditions and eligibility rules, as well as the mobile application terms and conditions. general customers must be of the age of majority in their state or province of residence and have a valid u.s. mailing address or email address (if participating as a u.s. member) or canadian email address (if participating as a canada member) to participate (“eligible customer”)in the rewards program. memberships are country specific. u.s. memberships are only valid at participating famous footwear, famous footwear outlet, factory brand shoes stores in the united states or online at famous.com, and canada membership are valid only at participating famous footwear, famous footwear outlet, factory brand shoes stores in canada. memberships and points are not transferable and cannot be assigned or combined. points expire after 12 months if the rewards member has not had a certificate issued during the 12 month timeframe; however the rewards account is still valid. rewards members who have not had a certificate issued may be sent an email notification that they have points that are set to expire. if points are not redeemed by the stated date on the mailing, those points will be forfeited. after 36 months of account inactivity, a member’s rewards account will be terminated. for u.s. members, all dollar values referred to in these rewards terms and conditions are in u.s. currency. for canada members, all dollar values referred to in these reward terms and conditions are in canadian currency. employees of famous footwear or its parent or affiliated companies, are not eligible to participate. membership is also not available to corporations, businesses, charities, partnerships, enterprises or anyone other than an individual. individual customers are limited to a single membership per country (i.e. a customer may have one canada membership and one u.s. membership only). current members are not allowed to re-enroll and obtain additional member numbers. famous footwear reserve the right to cancel and/or modify the rewards program and/or these rewards terms and conditions and/or withdraw membership (including any points accumulated and/or rewards) and/or modify an individual’s membership or point levels (including lowering a member from gold to regular status or deducting improperly awarded points from a member’s account) at any time. famous footwear will have no liability to any member and is automatically released from all claims by members in respect of such actions. if a member’s membership is withdrawn, the member may not re-enroll in the rewards program. you may cancel your membership at any time by contacting rewards customer service as described below. all decisions regarding the interpretation of these rewards terms and conditions and the administration of the rewards program, and any disputes arising therefrom, shall be resolved by famous footwear in its sole discretion. all such decisions shall be final and binding on all members. famous footwear and its parent and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents (the “released parties”) make no warranty and provide no conditions, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to the rewards program, membership in the rewards program, rewards certificates or any products or services related to the program. by participating in the rewards program, each member releases the released parties from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and other expenses (including, without limitation, legal and attorney’s fees) relating to that member’s participation in the rewards program, use of rewards certificates, or agreement to these rewards terms and conditions. for u.s. members: these rewards program terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of the state of missouri, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. any claim or dispute between you and famous footwear that arises in whole or in part from your participation in the rewards program shall be filed and decided exclusively in the state courts in st. louis county, missouri, or the u.s. district court for the eastern district of missouri. for canada members: these rewards terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of the province of ontario and the laws of canada applicable therein, and all members attorn to the jurisdiction of the province of ontario. any proceedings relating to matters regarding the rewards program shall be brought exclusively in the courts of the city of toronto in the province of ontario and orders of such ontario courts shall be binding on famous footwear and members. collection of personal information famous footwear collects personal information from rewards members, including name and contact information, and information about a member’s purchase history, in order to administer the rewards program, including to: (i) calculate points accumulated and deducted; (ii) calculate rewards; (iii) better understand the needs and shopping habits of members; and (iv) to communicate with members by email to provide reward statements and other information about the program, as well as special offers and notifications about promotions, fashion trends and upcoming events. any personal information will be used by famous footwear in accordance with our privacy policy found at www.famous.com. for canada members: in order to participate in the canada rewards program you must agree to receive special offers and notifications about promotions, fashion trends and upcoming events from famous footwear by e-mail. you may withdraw your consent at any time; however, if you do withdraw your consent your membership in the rewards program will be terminated. personal information collected to administer the program is transferred to, and stored and processed by, famous footwear’s u.s. affiliate. as a result, your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the united states and may be accessible to u.s. law enforcement and national security authorities in certain circumstances. any personal information will be used by famous footwear in accordance with our privacy policy found at www.famous.com. customer service for questions concerning your account status or program information, please contact rewards customer service: visit us 24/7 at famous.com/rewards u.s. members call our phone line at 1-800-401-8888. canada members call our phone line at 1-800-969-7500. write to rewards customer service, p.o. box 354, st louis, mo 63166 mobile application terms of use by installing the mobile application, you agree to be bound by these terms of use. please review them carefully before installation and/or acceptance. the “mobile application” shall mean the software provided by famous footwear to offer services related to famous footwear and its partners’ services, to be used on apple ios and android os devices and any upgrades and/or changes from time to time and any other software or documentation which enables the use of the mobile application. in order to use the mobile application, you are required to have a compatible mobile telephone or handheld device, internet access, and the necessary minimum specifications ('software requirements'). the mobile application is open to all apple and android users within the 50 united states (not available internationally or in u.s. territories or possessions). to download the mobile application please visit google play or the apple store. rewards members who download the mobile application must comply with all existing rewards eligibility rules and rewards terms and conditions as found at famous.com. upon downloading the mobile application, famous footwear grants to you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited and revocable license to use the mobile application for personal and/or non-commercial use only on the appropriate device owned or controlled by you as permitted by google play or apple store terms (“user license”) and you are agree to receive electronic communications from famous footwear and/or its select partners through the mobile application (also known as “push notifications”) designed to give you information relevant to your shopping experience and rewards membership, promotions and other information. you can opt-in or opt-out at any time in the profile section of the mobile application. any use of the mobile application in any other manner, including, without limitation, resale, transfer, modification or distribution of the mobile application or text, pictures, music, barcodes, video, data, hyperlinks, displays and other content associated with the mobile application is prohibited. these terms of use and user license also govern any updates to, or supplements or replacements for, the mobile application. famous footwear reserves the right without notice to change, modify or alter in its sole discretion the terms and conditions of use of the mobile application, the functionality of the mobile application and/or the terms and conditions of sale for any goods and services offered through the mobile application or participation in the rewards program. by accessing or using the mobile application after any such change, etc. to the mobile application or terms and conditions of use, you agree to any such changes, etc. famous footwear may terminate use or functionality of the mobile application, content or data associated with the mobile application at any time by giving notice of termination to you. upon any termination (a) the rights and licenses granted to you herein shall terminate; and (b) you agree to cease all use of the software. any personal information supplied to famous footwear when using the mobile application will be used by famous footwear in accordance with our privacy policy found at www.famous.com. please read the privacy policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. if you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not download, register with or use this mobile application. by downloading, registering with or using this mobile application, you agree to this privacy policy. the privacy policy may change from time to time, and you continued use of this mobile application after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the privacy policy periodically for updates. user submissions video content (“user video”), photography content (“user photographs”), and textual content (“user comments”) (collectively referred to as “user submissions”) may be submitted by posting to www.famous.com, our mobile application, our pinterest account, our twitter account, our facebook page, and other social media formats which are now available or which become available (“media formats”). famous footwear does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any user submissions, including your user names and profile information. when you make a user submission, you acknowledge, consent and agree to: 1) your user submission being featured on the media format and potentially being used to link through to products for sale on www.famous.com; 2) a grant to famous footwear of a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, edit, create a derivative work from display, or otherwise exhibit or distribute the submission or any portion of it, in any medium or forum, now known or later developed, at any time, without any payment to you or a third party, and 3) a non-exclusive license to access your user submission and to use, exhibit, display use or reproduce such user submission in accordance with the terms of this agreement . your use of instagram, twitter, or similar media formats to make user submissions using the designated hashtags is also governed by the terms and conditions of use for those sites. you are solely responsible for your own user submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. you may be held legally liable for your user submissions, including for example, to the extent you submit content containing material protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary rights without the permission of the owner. you represent and warrant to famous footwear that you: (a) are the sole owner of the content you submit and that you have the right and authority to grant to famous footwear and users of the mobile application the license provided for in these terms of use and (b) will not submit any content that is illegal, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, violates any law or the legal rights of a third party including but not limited to rights of privacy or publicity, or intellectual property rights. you further agree not to submit any content that contains any viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs or other data functions that will damage or detrimentally interfere with the operation of the mobile application or surreptitiously appropriate or intercept any data or system. famous footwear reserves the right to remove any user submissions at any time, for any reason, in its sole discretion. your user submissions you share continue to be owned by you to the extent of your rights in the submission. famous footwear respects and honors the intellectual property rights of others, and we ask that you do the same. if you are the owner of a copyright and you believe that infringing activity or materials are present on any of our media formats, you may request removal of those materials (or access to them) by following our process and submitting written notification that complies with the requirements of the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (“dmca”) to our copyright agent (designated below). attn: dmca agent c/o legal department 8300 maryland avenue saint louis, mo 63105 email: legal-dmca@brownshoe.com famous footwear does not endorse any user submission or any opinion, observation, recommendation, or suggestion expressed therein, and famous footwear expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with user submissions. inclusion of any user submission does not constitute an endorsement of such user submission by famous footwear, and famous footwear makes no claim as to the accuracy of any user submission. famous footwear reserves the right in its sole discretion to determine which user submissions will be shared or featured, including refusing to post any user submission that violates our privacy policy, terms of use, or applicable law. famous footwear reserves the right to remove such user submissions any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion. general you agree that these terms of use and all actions contemplated by these terms of use shall be governed by the laws of the state of missouri, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. any claim or dispute between you and famous footwear that arises in whole or in part from your use of the media formats, mobile application, software or services shall be filed and decided exclusively in the state courts in st. louis county, missouri, or the u.s. district court for the eastern district of missouri. famous footwear reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as famous footwear deems necessary to satisfy any application law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in famous footwear’s sole discretion. limitation of liability in no event will famous footwear, its parent or affiliated entities, or any person or entity involved in creating, producing or distributing the media formats, mobile application, software or services provided through them, be liable for any damages, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, special, loss of profits or business interruption, consequential or punitive damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the media formats, mobile application, software or services, data or information on or transmitted to or from the media formats, mobile application, software or services. you hereby assume all risk for any damages, claims or injuries and hereby acknowledge that this limitation of liability shall apply to all content on the media formats, mobile application, software and services. this limitation of liability applies to any damages or injuries of any type whatsoever caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, virus, failure of equipment, theft, destruction or unauthorized access, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or any other cause of action or theory of recovery. you specifically and expressly acknowledge and agree that in no circumstances will famout footwear or its parent or affiliated entities or the employees, directors or agents thereof be liable for defamatory, offensive or illgal conduct ofa ny users, visitors or third party advertisers or sponsors of the media formats, mobile application, software or services and that the risk of injury from the foregoing is and remains solely with you. disclaimer of warranty the media formats, mobile application, software and services are provided “as is” without representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or as to defects, accuracy, or reliability. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless famous footwear and its parent and affiliated entities and their respective employees, officers, directors and agents from and against any and all liability, damages, loss, causes of action, fines, penalties, suits and claims of any nature or kind whatsoever (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of litigation) arising out of or related to your use of the media formats, the mobile application, software or services, or use by another of your accounts. famous for family sign up for trend updates & special offers* sign up our stores store locator home delivery grand openings rewards program log in learn more join today terms and conditions customer service help contact us order status shipping returns exclusions my account fit assistance gift cards our company famous for family about us careers site map our app famous in the community policies security privacy text messaging legal california supply chains act secure checkout *by entering my email address, i certify that the information i am providing is accurate and that i am at least 18 years of age. © 2016 caleres, inc.