来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151227192325/http://www.famousfootwear.com/en-US/Content/CUSTSERV.aspx
================================================================================

customer service | famous.com stop stop sign in (test) | join now why join? famous footwear all women men girls boys bags accessories sale women view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots wide calf boots slippers casual shoes dress shoes sandals wides narrows sale clearance men view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots slippers casual shoes dress shoes sandals wides extra wides sale clearance girls view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals infants toddlers sale clearance boys view all new arrivals star wars skechers athletic shoes boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals infants toddlers sale clearance accessories view all new arrivals backpacks drawstring backpacks socks slippers sale clearance brands view all womens shoes mens shoes girls shoes boys shoes accessories sale women men girls boys inspiration blog #ohsofamous top pinned choose your store rewards my points hello, your account hello! sign in / join now customer service help fit assistance contact us shipping policy return policy gift cards security policy privacy policy exclusions terms of use store information store events home delivery company information about us careers site map rewards rewards program my account faq top questions how can i return a home delivery or online order? please note that all returns/exchanges are subject to a 60-day return policy. you have the option of returning your online or home delivery purchase to any famous footwear or factory brand shoes store, and also via mail. in store - please bring: the item to be returned. item(s) must be returned in the original brand box (packaging). the original receipt, original packing receipt, or a copy of your confirmation email. one form of personal identification and the credit card used for the original purchase, if applicable. for information on accepted forms of identification and our policies for refunds with or without a receipt, please click here . via mail: box up the item with all original packing. item(s) must be returned in the original brand box (packaging). enclose a completed return form (included with original packing slip or by using the link below). print return form refunds will be given in the original form of payment. ship your package to: famous.com returns 625 maddox simpson parkway lebanon, tn 37090 please allow 3 weeks for us to process your return or exchange (we'll email you once we've completed your request). note: for your protection, we suggest sending your return via insured parcel post or other traceable method. shipping fees are nonrefundable and return shipping charges must be paid by the customer. we cannot accept c.o.d. packages or returns for store merchandise. famous.com is not responsible for returns until they are received in our warehouse. how do i return or exchange items bought at a store? please note that all returns/exchanges are subject to a 60-day return policy and these guidelines. for your in-store return/exchange, please bring: the item to be returned. item(s) must be returned in the original brand box (packaging). the original receipt (if available). one form of personal identification and the credit card used for the original purchase. find a store how long will it take to receive my order? for home delivery purchases, please allow 5-7 business days (excluding weekends and holidays) for delivery. to track your home delivery, click here . important notice: if your order was placed on an evening, weekend, or holiday, your order will not begin to process until the following business day. please take this information into account calculating the 5-7 business day delivery time-frame. can i send shoes as a gift? we love helping you surprise others with our shoes. to send a gift, add the item(s) to your cart and proceed to checkout. on the order summary page, you can enter a message to the lucky recipient, which will appear on the gift receipt included with the purchase. how can i track an order i placed in a store? you may track a home delivery order by visiting our website here , and selecting the first option: in store (for home delivery). how can i track the delivery of an online order? please allow 2-3 business days after your order is placed for tracking number(s) to appear for your order. to begin tracking your online purchase, please click here , then enter your order number and the shipping zip code. can't find your order number? contact us to track your order. please note that all online orders will receive a shipping confirmation email once the purchase is in transit. if you are a rewards member and logged into your account to complete your purchase, please click here to log in. then follow these instructions: under the order history heading click order status on the following page click the applicable order number if your order has shipped, a link will appear in the tracking number column (by clicking the link you can view the full tracking details of your order) what is your return and exchange policy for new york? please view our full policy for returning and exchanging items in new york by clicking here . be sure to bring the following items to your local store: the item to be returned the original receipt or the original packing receipt one form of personal identification and the credit card used for the original purchase how do i update my billing, or shipping information for future orders? to update your address, please follow the directions below: log into the site (go to the my account page and enter your email address and password) click on the my addresses link you will have the option to edit your current address, delete it, or create a new address. you may also indicate if you'd like the address to be your default billing or shipping address. can you tell me the hours of operation for a specific store? store hours are not consistent at every location (we cannot include opening and closing times on our website, as the hours can differ by day and store). you may want to contact the store location that you will be visiting for their exact hours of operation. however, hours of most famous footwear stores are as follows: monday - saturday: 10 am to 9 pm sunday: 12 pm to 6 pm how do i update my email address? to update the email address on your account, please follow the directions below. keep in mind, this will only change the email address within your account. once you submit an order with an email address, we are unable to change it. log into the site (go to the my account page and enter your previous email address and password). click on the my personal information link. once you've finished, be sure to click the submit button to save your changes. what shipping carrier will deliver my online purchase? the shipping carrier for your order will vary based on the area you live in, where your order is shipping from, and whether expedited shipping was selected. please reference the following information for possible delivery services. for questions regarding delivery times and prices, please click here . standard orders: standard orders ship fedex or fedex smartpost. please be advised that usps and fedex combine their services for smartpost deliveries. therefore, a fedex web link will be provided to track your order, however your items will be delivered by usps. please note: we are unable to advise whether your order will ship via fedex or fedex smartpost at the time that your order is placed, nor can we request a particular service for your order’s delivery. expedited orders: all 2nd business day and next business day purchases will be delivered by fedex. please note that weekends and holidays do not count as delivery days. how much do you charge for shipping online orders? please see our shipping table for the costs of ground and expedited online purchases. can you help me figure out what size to buy? our website provides size conversions from u.s. to european sizes for each shoe in the size drop-down box. still not sure what size you wear? we offer a free printable sizing chart for men, women and children on our fit assistant page. how can i provide feedback regarding my recent store visit? we welcome your feedback regarding your recent store visit. please contact us . when contacting us about your experience, please be sure to provide the following information: store location visited (street address, plaza name and city, or store number). date of visit. name of associate (if known). your name. the best phone number to reach you (should any follow up be needed). do you offer a military discount? we are proud to offer a 10% discount to all active, reserve, and retired members of the u.s. armed forces at famous footwear and famous footwear outlet stores. a valid active, reserve, or retired government-issued military i.d. card must be presented at the time of purchase. this discount is valid only for the active, reserve, or retired military member to whom it is issued. the military member to whom the i.d. is issued must be present at the time of purchase. family members using the member's i.d. card without the member present cannot receive the discount. military family member i.d. cards are not eligible for the military discount. i.d. cards for civilian employees of the department of defense or other agencies are not valid for the military discount. the military discount is valid on accessories and clearance items, but regular product exclusions apply. the military discount cannot be combined with any other coupons (other than a rewards certificate). it can be combined with bogo 1/2 off or other store-wide promotions. the military discount is valid in store only. it is not valid online. how can i contact you? use one of the following methods to contact us: email: click here phone: 1-888-869-1053 rewards questions having trouble applying your discount, or can't find your member number? contact us by phone at 1-888-869-1053, or to email us click here . i have questions regarding rewards points, can you help? please click here for information on how to earn points, redeeming points, and understanding your point balance. i need a new rewards card. what can i do? download the famous footwear app and your rewards card is always with you! learn more sign in to your account here and print a paper rewards card ask a store associate to look up your account number at the register if you forgot to give your membership information at the time of purchase, you can sign in to your account here and add the purchase. in canada: although there is not a way to request a new famous footwear canada rewards card at this time, an associate at any famous footwear canada store will be happy to look up your account number at the store. please identify yourself as a rewards member, so the cashier may look up your account during the transaction. i'm currently a rewards member, how can i view my account information on your site? current members without a password/login will need to register on our site by following the instructions below. already registered on our site? click here to log in. select my account from the homepage of the famous footwear web site. check the i have a rewards account number (card) but need to register it online box enter your last name and rewards number (found on your card or on a recent statement we mailed you) - click proceed all of your current profile information will be displayed for you to confirm or enter any missing details enter your desired password and security question you may also answer the optional tell us more about you questions for bonus points - click submit how can i cash in my rewards points? rewards points cannot be redeemed upon request. you'll need to wait until we dispatch a statement for your points in order to receive a coupon/certificate. when a discount is issued to you, it is based on your point balance. for more information please click here . can i cash in my rewards discounts? rewards certificates may not be redeemed for cash or any other form of credit. the certificate must be presented at the time of purchase to be redeemed and need to be used prior to its expiration date. how can i modify the information reflected on my rewards account? you can update information such as your name, address, and email address one of two ways: log into your account and change the name and email address on your account in the personal information section. your address can be changed in the billing and shipping section. when logging into your account, you'll need to be a registered rewards member on our site. contact us directly for assistance by phone at 1-888-869-1053, or to email us click here. please be sure to provide your member number, the address, as well as the name currently on your account, and the applicable information you would like to change. can you tell me how and when certificates are dispatched for my rewards points? what happens if i let it expire? rewards statements are dispatched four times per year (spring, summer, back to school and holiday). points accumulated approximately two months prior to the statement creation date, will be the total upon which the rewards certificate amount is determined. these points are deducted from your account to issue dollar-off certificates (a maximum of $25 per statement period).these certificates are mailed or emailed with a statement, which provides a summary of your account. please note : if the certificate is not used, the points will not be redeposited back into your account, nor can the certificate be reissued. i need to add a missing transaction to my account. how can i do this? if you forgot to give your membership information at the time of purchase, please call us at 1-800-401-8888 to have a customer service representative add the purchase. please note that we are unable to add transactions which were made prior to joining rewards. if you made the purchase in-store, please wait at least 1 business day. for online purchases, please wait until you have received your purchase (as information from the packing slip is required). canada rewards questions where do i sign up for the famous footwear canada rewards program? customers who wish to join the famous footwear canada rewards program can sign up in any famous footwear location in canada. canadian rewards members cannot sign up nor manage their account online at this time. why must i provide my email address to sign up for the canada rewards program? the rewards you earn are sent via email, so in order to deliver your rewards, we need your email address. i’m currently a famous footwear canada rewards member, how can i view my account information on the famous footwear website? at this time, famous footwear canada rewards members cannot view their account information online. i made a purchase in the u.s. but they did not accept my canadian rewards card, why not? the u.s. rewards and canada rewards programs require separate accounts. points will not cross between countries or be summed together. if you purchase in the u.s. – you will need to show your u.s. rewards card and points earned will go to your u.s. account. if you purchase in canada – you will need to provide your canada rewards account number and points will go to your canada account. can i consolidate my canada and u.s. rewards accounts? no, but you can continue to maintain both u.s. and canada accounts. famous footwear app questions how do i redeem my points via the famous footwear app? here's how to cash in your reward: 1) sign in to the app and tap the menu bar, then tap "my famous", then "my certificates". 2) tap "redeem". 3) select the amount you wish to redeem and tap "ok". 4) your rewards certificate will be listed and ready to use. when you wish to redeem, tap "use". 5) tap "shop now" to add it to your online shopping cart. what if my internet connection is down while trying to redeem certificates? your certificate may be available at the register. please see an associate for details. what if i am a canadian resident and wish to download the app? unfortunately, the app is not available for download outside of the u.s. can i redeem two certificates of the same denomination? not on the same day, but if you have enough points you can redeem two different denominations on the same day. do i need to be a rewards member to access the app? no, you don't need to be a rewards member to download and use this awesome app. certain features and benefits of the app are only available to rewards members. if you are not a rewards member and wish to join, you can sign up for a free account on the mobile app, in store, or online here . as a rewards member you’ll have access to additional features such as: mobile-only exclusive discounts access current points balance and redeem at any time view order status and purchase history virtual rewards card how long will it take for bonus points to be added to my account via the mobile app? please allow up to 48 hours for points to be credited to your account. can i receive certificates via email or direct mail if i have the mobile app installed? once you sign-in or sign-up with this app, all of your certificates will be delivered straight to your phone. do normal rewards restrictions apply? yes, please see rewards terms & conditions . what if i uninstall the mobile app? if you uninstall the app and wish to receive certificates via email or direct mail, please call customer service at 1-800-401-8888. you can re-install the app at any point, and the system will keep your credentials saved. what if i lose my phone? if your phone is lost or you simply get a new phone, download the app on your new device, and sign into the app. all of your information will be available. what if i change carriers/providers? if you change carriers, simply re-install the app, and sign-in. all of your information will be available. how do i sign in with an existing rewards account? there are two ways you can sign in. sign in by entering your last name and rewards # or by entering the email address associated with your account. what if i create a second rewards account? please allow up to 48 hours for accounts to merge. if your accounts do not merge after 48 hours please call 1.800.401.8888. how do i update my personal information such as name, address, and email? from the app menu, tap on "my famous", then "my profile". after you make any necessary changes, simply tap on "save changes". how do i access app coupons? please visit the app home screens for current offers or from the menu bar tap "home" then "deals". please note, certain offers are only available to rewards members. if you are not a rewards member and wish to join, you can sign up for a free account on the mobile app, in store, or online here how do i access my rewards number? simply rotate your phone to access your rewards card. how can i earn rewards points? click here to find out ways to earn additional points. for all other questions shipping & returns shipping policy return policy track a home delivery order track an online order shopping with us excluded brands fit assistance gift cards find a store my rewards account log in not a member? join today! learn about rewards policies security privacy text messaging stay connected check out our footnotes blog watch us on famous footwear tv become a fan on facebook follow us on twitter contact us call 1-888-869-1053 click here to submit an email to us. famous for family sign up for trend updates & special offers* sign up our stores store locator home delivery grand openings rewards program log in learn more join today terms and conditions customer service help contact us order status shipping returns exclusions my account fit assistance gift cards our company famous for family about us careers site map our app famous in the community policies security privacy text messaging legal california supply chains act secure checkout *by entering my email address, i certify that the information i am providing is accurate and that i am at least 18 years of age. © 2016 caleres, inc.