来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171020025821/https://www.famousfootwear.com/en-US/Content/PRIVACY.aspx
================================================================================

privacy policy - famous footwear stop stop sign in (test) | join now why join? famous footwear all women men girls boys bags accessories sale women view all new arrivals athletic shoes sandals sandal trend shop sneaker shop casual shoes boots dress shoes slippers wides narrows sale clearance men view all new arrivals athletic shoes sandals casual shoes boots dress shoes slippers wides extra wides sale clearance girls view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals baby (0-3.5) toddler (4-10) preschool (10.5-3) grade school (3.5-7) sale clearance boys view all new arrivals athletic shoes boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals baby (0-3.5) toddler (4-10) preschool (10.5-3) grade school (3.5-7) sale clearance accessories view all new arrivals backpacks drawstring backpacks socks slippers sale clearance shoe care insoles gift cards brands view all womens shoes mens shoes girls shoes boys shoes accessories sale women men girls boys clearance inspiration what we stand for sandal trend shop sneaker shop step forward blog choose your store rewards my points hello, your account hello! sign in / join now customer service help fit assistance contact us shipping policy return policy gift cards security policy privacy policy exclusions terms of use store information store events home delivery company information about us careers site map rewards rewards program my account privacy policy at famous footwear and famous footwear outlet, we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. this privacy policy is effective as of january 7, 2016, and discloses the privacy practices of famous footwear and famous footwear outlet. this privacy policy will notify you of: what personal information or third-party personal information is collected from you through the website. who is collecting the information. how the information is used. with whom the information may be shared. what choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information. the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, theft, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or alteration of information under our control. how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. if you feel that we are not abiding by our posted privacy policy, you should contact famous footwear consumer care. refer to the last section of this policy for contact information. information collection and use famous footwear is an operating division of bg retail, llc., in the united states, and caleres canada, inc. in canada, which are in turn wholly-owned subsidiaries of caleres, inc. the famous.com website is operated by the famous footwear division of bg retail, llc. bg retail, llc., and caleres canada, inc. are the sole owners of all information collected on this site. this information is collected from users at several different points on the famous.com website. personal information collected at or through famous footwear retail locations in the u.s. is controlled by bg retail, llc. personal information collected at or through famous footwear retail locations in canada is controlled by caleres canada, inc. it is our policy that this information will not be shared with, sold or rented to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this policy. rewards membership in order to become a rewards member, you must first register, either by completing the registration form online (not available in canada) or by registering in-store. during registration you are required to give personal contact information, such as name and email address. when you use your rewards member number at the time of checkout, we will also collect information about your purchases. this information is used to reward loyal customers for their purchases and to determine what products and offers may be of particular interest to you. by becoming a rewards member, you are able to earn points for purchases made online, and in-store, as well as take advantage of special offers we make available. rewards members may receive offers and information about new promotions, fashion trends, etc. via email message or text message (sms) if opt-in complete (sms not available in canada). it is also more convenient for a rewards member to make purchases online. in order to earn points for online purchases, you must enter your rewards member number at time of checkout. online orders placed at famous.com can only be shipped to a physical u.s. address, excluding p.o. and cpo boxes. online orders we request information from you on our order form. you must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). this information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. if we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with you. online orders placed at famous.com can only be shipped to a physical u.s. address, excluding p.o. and cpo boxes. retail we may require government-issued identification or collect personal information, such as your name, address and telephone number, when you return or exchange merchandise in-store. we use this information for the purposes of processing the transaction, maintaining records, and detecting and preventing fraud. we may also collect personal information, such as name, telephone number, or email address, if you contact a store or our consumer care team with a question, concern or complaint, so that we may respond appropriately. in addition, you may be asked for your email address if you express interest or agree to receive electronic sales receipts and emails about new promotions, fashion trends, etc. providing your email address at our retail locations is strictly optional. special offers rewards members will occasionally receive information on products, services, and special promotions. out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. please see "choice and opt-out" below. surveys and contests occasionally, we may request information from customers via surveys or contests. participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary. therefore, you have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (such as zip/postal code, age level). contest information will be used to administer the contest, including notifying the winners and awarding prizes. survey information will be used for purposes of evaluating, monitoring, or improving our business or this site. cookies a cookie is a piece of data stored on the hard drive of your computer, containing information about you. usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. cookies can make the browsing experience easier. for instance, by accepting a cookie from our site, you will not have to type in your password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. most browsers can be set to reject cookies or to ask you if you want to accept/reject an incoming cookie. if you reject the cookie, you may still use our site, although you will be limited in some areas of our site. cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our customers to enhance the experience on our site. website and log files we may collect information automatically as you navigate through the site. information collected automatically may include usage details, ip addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons, or and other tracking technologies. we use ip addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. we also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services. do not track policy some web browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. these features are not yet uniform across browsers, so this site is not currently set up to respond to those signals. sharing we use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. we may partner with other parties (including affiliated companies) from time to time to provide specific services on our behalf, such as marketing, analytics, data hosting and processing, and similar services. the personal information we collect may be shared with these other parties so that they may provide these services to us. note that some of these other parties and affiliates may be located outside of the country in which you reside, including in the united states, and your personal information may be collected, used, disclosed, stored and processed in such jurisdictions for the purposes described in this privacy policy. we may combine the personal information we collect, such as your order information and contact information, with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase information) available from our records and other sources. this information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. it may also be disclosed to and used by our marketing partners or other carefully screened companies whose products may be of interest to you. if you prefer we do not share this information with our marketing partners or other carefully screened companies, please see the choice and opt-out section below. if you agree and consent to receive email from our marketing partners, we will share with them your email address and the information described above, so they can send you offers for products and services that may be of interest to you. we will only share this information if you have opted in and provided consent by selecting submit or sign up when prompted to enter your email address to “sign up for trend updates & special offers.” additionally, our agreements with our partners require that each email our partners send you will include a description of the simple opt-out process to enable you to stop receiving future emails. links from time to time, famous.com may contain links to other websites. please be aware that we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. the privacy policy you are currently reading applies solely to information collected by famous.com. security we take steps to protect our customers’ information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification, both online and off-line when our online registration form or order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with secure sockets layer (ssl) encryption technology. while on a secure page, such as our order form, web browsers (such as microsoft internet explorer, google chrome, or apple safari) change to “locked” status as opposed to un-locked, or open, status used for general internet searches or browsing. while we use ssl encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also strive to protect user information off-line. all of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. only associates who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a consumer care representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. furthermore, all associates are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. our associates are regularly notified and reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. if you have questions about our information security practices, contact famous footwear consumer care. site and service updates it is sometimes necessary to email our users regarding site and/or service updates. for issues directly relating to your account, or to provide services you’ve requested, we may communicate with you by either email or phone. correcting or updating personal information if your personal information changes (such as your email, or zip/postal code), or if you no longer desire our service, we will endeavor to provide a way for you to correct, update or remove your personal information provided to us. this can be done at the rewards customer account information page (us rewards members only) or by contacting famous footwear consumer care. choice and opt-out our online visitors are given the opportunity to opt out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. for example, our rewards customer account information form (us rewards members only) has an opt-out mechanism so users who register with us, but don't want any marketing material or those of our marketing partners, can keep their email address off of our lists. if you previously agreed to receive our promotional materials and no longer wish to receive them, you may opt out of receiving these communications by either visiting our rewards customer account information page (us rewards members only) or by contacting famous footwear consumer care. users of our site are notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. we do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not. notification of changes if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so our users always have access to details about the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. if at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email. you will have a choice as to whether or not we may use your information in this different manner. otherwise, we will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. contact information if you wish to request access to, or correction of, your personal information in the custody or control of bg retail, llc. or caleres canada, inc., if you have any questions or would like to make a complaint, or if you would like to opt-out of receiving promotional materials from bg retail, llc. or caleres canada, inc., please use the information below to contact us. requests for access and correction must be in writing and are subject to applicable legal restrictions. for customers in the united states: u.s. by email: contact us by clicking here. u.s. by phone: 888-869-1053 u.s. by mail: caleres, inc. famous footwear consumer care 8300 maryland avenue st. louis, mo 63105 for customers in canada: canada by phone: 1-800-969-7500 canada by mail: caleres canada, inc. famous footwear consumer care 1857 rogers road perth, ontario k7h 1p7 sign up for trend updates & special offers* sign up our stores find a store free in-store pickup home delivery grand openings rewards program log in learn more join today terms and conditions customer service help contact us track my order shipping returns exclusions my account shoe size charts gift cards our company about us step forward careers site map our app videos famous in the community policies security privacy text messaging legal california supply chains act more brands puma adidas timberland birkenstock dr. martens new balance clarks crocs reebok asics view all brands secure checkout *by entering my email address, i certify that the information i am providing is accurate and that i am at least 18 years of age. © 2017 caleres, inc.