来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231100434/https://www.famousfootwear.com/c/customer-service
================================================================================

customer service - faqs, shipping & order info - famous footwear stop women women's shoes boots athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes sandals work & service shoes slippers all women's shoes boots ankle boots & booties combat boots sneaker boots wide calf boots all women's boots sandals athletic sandals comfort sandals footbed sandals wedge sandals all women's sandals trends boot shop trends you'll love the sneaker shop other ways to shop new arrivals wides narrow men men's shoes athletic shoes boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals work & service shoes slippers all men's shoes boots casual boots hiking boots sneaker boots work boots all men's boots sandals comfort sandals flip flops outdoor sandals slides all men's sandals trends trends you'll love the sneaker shop other ways to shop new arrivals wides extra wides kids shop by size baby (0-3.5) toddler (4-10) preschool (10.5-3) grade school (3.5-7) other ways to shop new arrivals character shoes wides all kids' shoes girls' shoes boots athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes sandals light up shoes view all girls boys' shoes boots athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes sandals light up shoes view all boys accessories accessories socks drawstring backpacks backpacks totes & duffel bags fanny packs lunch boxes insoles view all slippers women men kids all slippers other ways to shop new arrivals sale clearance trends trend shops women's boot shop trends you'll love sneaker shop brands view all brands sale sale view all women men girls boys clearance choose your store my points 0 shop now to earn points for reward cash! now free shipping for members, no minimum stack & save with reward cash, a coupon, and sales hello, your account hello, sign in / join now 15% off two pairs, 25% off three pairs use code choose2save exclusions apply. close 15% off 2 pairs of shoes, 25% off 3 or more pairs of shoes (maximum of 10 pairs) valid 10/3-10/14/19. coupon may be used only once in famous footwear or famous footwear outlet stores, or online at famous.com. not valid on accessories and slippers, birkenstock, bogs, brooks, fila disruptor, koolaburra by ugg, new balance, steve madden, toms, under armour, select asics, select columbia, select converse, select dr. martens, select nike, select reef, select timberland, select timberland pro styles, and select vionic. not valid for cash or cash equivalent, on purchase of gift cards or on previously purchased merchandise. other exclusions may apply, ask store associate for details. offer may not be combined with any other coupons or offers (other than reward cash). items purchased with certificates, coupons or special promotions will result in adjusted refund or exchange amount. limit 10 pairs of shoes. one transaction per person. to redeem online, enter promotion code choose2save in the promo code box at checkout. customer service contact us exclusions gift cards help privacy policy returns security policy shipping policy shoe size charts terms and conditions store information home delivery company information about us careers site map rewards my account rewards program help faqs faqs how can i track the delivery of an online order? please allow 2-3 business days after your order is placed for tracking number(s) to appear for your order. to begin tracking your online purchase, please click here, then enter your order number and the shipping zip code. can't find your order number? contact us to track your order. please note that all online orders will receive a shipping confirmation email once the purchase is in transit. if you are a rewards member and logged into your account to complete your purchase, please click here to log in. then follow these instructions: under the order history heading click order status on the following page click the applicable order number if your order has shipped, a link will appear in the tracking number column (by clicking the link you can view the full tracking details of your order) my item(s) arrived damaged or flawed, what should i do? bring the item(s) to your local store to return or exchange, along with your original receipt. or, contact customer care. what shipping carrier will deliver my online purchase? the shipping carrier for your order will vary based on the area you live in, where your order is shipping from, and whether expedited shipping was selected. please reference the following information for possible delivery services. for questions regarding delivery times and prices, please click here. standard orders: standard orders ship fedex or fedex smartpost. please be advised that usps and fedex combine their services for smartpost deliveries. therefore, a fedex web link will be provided to track your order, however your items will be delivered by usps. please note: we are unable to advise whether your order will ship via fedex or fedex smartpost at the time that your order is placed, nor can we request a particular service for your order’s delivery. expedited orders: all 2nd business day and next business day purchases will be delivered by fedex. please note that weekends and holidays do not count as delivery days. how long will it take to receive my order? for home delivery purchases, please allow 4-7 business days (excluding weekends and holidays) for delivery. to track your home delivery, click here. important notice: if your order was placed on an evening, weekend, or holiday, your order will not begin to process until the following business day. please take this information into account calculating the 4-7 business day delivery time-frame. do you ship outside of the us? we only ship orders to addresses within the 50 united states from famousfootwear.com. we ship to addresses within canada from famousfootwear.ca. we do not ship to countries other than the u.s. or canada, or to u.s. territories/commonwealths. are there any discount exclusions? to view exclusions and our discount terms and conditions, please click here. can i purchase gift cards in bulk? click here for more information regarding bulk gift card purchases. can i redeem multiple gift cards online? currently we are unable to process more than one gift card as payment online. you can redeem multiple gift cards at our store locations. can you help me figure out what size to buy? our website provides size conversions from u.s. to european sizes for each shoe in the size drop-down box. still not sure what size you wear? we offer a free printable sizing chart for men, women and children on our fit assistant page. can i send shoes as a gift? we love helping you surprise others with our shoes. to send a gift, add the item(s) to your cart and proceed to checkout. on the order summary page, you can enter a message to the lucky recipient, which will appear on the gift receipt included with the purchase. how do i unsubscribe from emails? click here to learn more. how can i contact you? use one of the following methods to contact us: email: click here phone: 1-888-869-1053 for all other questions order inquiry order inquiry how can i track the delivery of an online order? please allow 2-3 business days after your order is placed for tracking number(s) to appear for your order. to begin tracking your online purchase, please click here, then enter your order number and the shipping zip code. can't find your order number? contact us to track your order. please note that all online orders will receive a shipping confirmation email once the purchase is in transit. if you are a rewards member and logged into your account to complete your purchase, please click here to log in. then follow these instructions: under the order history heading click order status on the following page click the applicable order number if your order has shipped, a link will appear in the tracking number column (by clicking the link you can view the full tracking details of your order) how can i cancel or modify an order? orders are processed and shipped very quickly, therefore we will be unable to modify or cancel your order (as we are unable to edit orders once they begin to process). if the item or order in question is no longer desired, we suggest you make a return. why was my order canceled? we randomly and routinely perform audit checks to verify order information in an effort to maintain high security standards for the protection of our customers. this may be why your order was cancelled. it is also possible that your order may have been cancelled if we ran out of stock in an item. in both cases, an email confirmation will be dispatched. for the specific cancellation reason of your order, we ask that the billing customer of the purchase call us at 1-888-869-1053. what payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, american express and discover credit cards, as well as debit cards issued by united states banks, famous footwear gift cards and paypal. we cannot accept cash, checks or money orders. can i use multiple payment methods when placing an order? we are unable to accept payment with more than one credit/debit card; however, you can redeem a famous footwear gift card along with one credit card as payment. can i pay with an international card? if you would like to place an order with a u.s. shipping address (and you will be using a foreign credit card), we will need for you to provide the foreign billing address in order to process the order correctly. since our website does not allow customers to put in any type of foreign address, please place the order by filling out the billing information as indicated below. the shipping information would be filled out as normal. please be sure to use a credit card issued by a bank that will automatically provide us with the address they have on file for you in their records. you may need to request that your bank add the u.s. shipping address to their records. billing information name is the cardholder's name. billing information address line 1 is the foreign street address. billing information address line 2 is the foreign city, country, and any other address information. billing city is the american shipping city. billing state is the american shipping state. billing zip code is the american shipping zip code (be sure to include the 4-digit zip code extension for both the billing and shipping zip codes). was my order placed? if your order was successfully submitted, an email confirmation will be sent to you or you would have been provided with an order confirmation screen just after hitting the submit button (during the placement of your purchase). if you've not received an order number from us, or you think you have missed the order confirmation email, please call us at 1-888-869-1053 so we may search for your order. how do i update my billing or shipping information for future orders? to update your address, please follow the directions below: log into the site (go to the my account page and enter your email address and password) click on the my addresses link you will have the option to edit your current address, delete it, or create a new address. you may also indicate if you'd like the address to be your default billing or shipping address. shipping shipping how can i track the delivery of an online order? please allow 2-3 business days after your order is placed for tracking number(s) to appear for your order. to begin tracking your online purchase, please click here, then enter your order number and the shipping zip code. can't find your order number? contact us to track your order. please note that all online orders will receive a shipping confirmation email once the purchase is in transit. if you are a rewards member and logged into your account to complete your purchase, please click here to log in. then follow these instructions: under the order history heading click order status on the following page click the applicable order number if your order has shipped, a link will appear in the tracking number column (by clicking the link you can view the full tracking details of your order) what shipping carrier will deliver my online purchase? the shipping carrier for your order will vary based on the area you live in, where your order is shipping from, and whether expedited shipping was selected. please reference the following information for possible delivery services. for questions regarding delivery times and prices, please click here. standard orders: standard orders ship fedex or fedex smartpost. please be advised that usps and fedex combine their services for smartpost deliveries. therefore, a fedex web link will be provided to track your order, however your items will be delivered by usps. please note: we are unable to advise whether your order will ship via fedex or fedex smartpost at the time that your order is placed, nor can we request a particular service for your order’s delivery. expedited orders: all 2nd business day and next business day purchases will be delivered by fedex. please note that weekends and holidays do not count as delivery days. how long will it take to receive my order? for home delivery purchases, please allow 4-7 business days (excluding weekends and holidays) for delivery. to track your home delivery, click here. important notice: if your order was placed on an evening, weekend, or holiday, your order will not begin to process until the following business day. please take this information into account calculating the 4-7 business day delivery time-frame. do you ship outside of the us? we only ship orders to addresses within the 50 united states from famousfootwear.com. we ship to addresses within canada from famousfootwear.ca. we do not ship to countries other than the u.s. or canada, or to u.s. territories/commonwealths. free in-store pickup free in-store pickup what stores are participating in free in-store pickup? the program is available at stores nationwide, although from time to time, some stores may temporarily not be accepting pickup orders. we apologize for any inconvenience but check back again to see if your store is participating. what is free in-store pickup? you can now order many items on famousfootwear.com and pick them up in one of our stores at no additional cost, typically within 2 business hours. plus, if you’re a rewards member, you will earn 50 bonus points for all orders placed using in-store pickup. how can i find out what items are eligible for in-store pickup? you can check pickup options on the product’s page or in your shopping cart to find eligible stores and check product availability. how do i place an order for in-store pickup? choose your store, then select in-store pickup when adding items to your cart. you can also select your pickup option for item(s) in your cart prior to checking out. how long before my pickup order is ready? you will get a “ready for pickup” email typically within 2 business hours of placing your order. if your order is placed less than 2 business hours before store closing or outside of store hours, then the 2 business hour time period will carryover to the store’s opening the following day. when will i be charged? you will be charged when your pickup item(s) are confirmed by the store. at that time, you will receive a “ready for pickup” email. if you are a rewards member, your 50 bonus points will be applied to your account within 48 hours of pickup. when should i go to the store and what should i bring with me? after placing your order online, sit tight and wait to be notified that your order is ready to be picked up at the store, typically within 2 business hours. after you receive the “ready for pickup” email, please bring a photo id or your order confirmation number to the store. see any associate inside to complete your pickup. can someone else pick up my order? yes, you can designate an alternate pickup person in the checkout process. the pickup person will also receive the “ready for pickup” email and need to bring a photo id or order confirmation number to the store. can i pick up items in store and have others shipped within the same order? if so, will i have to pay for shipping? yes, if you check out with multiple items, you are able to designate item(s) with either in-store pickup or shipping options. the order subtotal will count towards the $75 free standard shipping threshold for any shipped item(s). can i choose two different pick-up locations in the same order? unfortunately, orders cannot be split between multiple stores at this time. how long will my pickup item(s) be held? your pickup item(s) will be held for 7 days. if not picked up during that time frame, the item(s) will be returned and your method of payment will be refunded. if you are a rewards member, your 50 bonus points earned for using in-store pickup will be deducted from your account if your items are returned. how is the sales tax calculated? the sales tax for pickup items is determined by the tax code of the store’s location. the sales tax for shipped items is determined by the tax code of the delivery address. what if the in-store price is lower than it is online? if your pickup item(s) are at a lower price in the store, we will automatically make the adjustment to your method of payment at the time of pickup. we will ensure the best price is given to you. what are the normal business hours for my store? you can find store hours here. more free in-store pickup questions? you can call our customer service department at 1-888-869-1053 for questions about this program or your specific pickup order. returns returns what is your return policy? for information regarding merchandise returns and exchanges, or to view our return policy, please click here. how can i return a home delivery or online order? please note that all returns/exchanges are subject to a 60-day return policy. you have the option of returning your online or home delivery purchase to any famous footwear or factory brand shoes store, and also via mail. in store - please bring: the item to be returned. item(s) must be returned in the original brand box (packaging). the original receipt, original packing receipt, or a copy of your confirmation email. one form of personal identification and the credit card used for the original purchase, if applicable. for information on accepted forms of identification and our policies for refunds with or without a receipt, please click here. via mail: box up the item with all original packing. item(s) must be returned in the original brand box (packaging). enclose a completed return form (included with original packing slip or by using the link below). print return form refunds will be given in the original form of payment. ship your package to: famous.com returns 625 maddox simpson parkway lebanon, tn 37090 please allow 3 weeks for us to process your return or exchange (we'll email you once we've completed your request). note: for your protection, we suggest sending your return via insured parcel post or other traceable method. shipping fees are nonrefundable and return shipping charges must be paid by the customer. we cannot accept c.o.d. packages or returns for store merchandise. famous.com is not responsible for returns until they are received in our warehouse. how long does it take to process a return? most returns are processed within 10 business days after receipt at our warehouse. an email message will be sent to you once your return is processed. when will my credit post? most returns are processed within 10 business days after receipt at our warehouse. an email message will be sent to you once your return is processed. note: once we've initiated the credit for your online order's return, the actual date that the refund will post to your account is in accordance with your financial institution's procedures. depending on the credit card company, it may take an additional 2-10 business days after the credit is applied for it to post. what is your return and exchange policy for new york? please view our full policy for returning and exchanging items in new york by clicking here. be sure to bring the following items to your local store: the item to be returned the original receipt or the original packing receipt one form of personal identification and the credit card used for the original purchase famously you rewards famously you rewards i want to join the fun. how do i register to become a famously you rewards member? join online by clicking here, visit your local store, or download the famous footwear app to sign up. it’s free! wondering about the benefits of the famously you rewards program? they’re fabulous. have a look. answer link need help understanding our point system? here’s some help so you get the points. answer link did we forget something? please click here for more info. having trouble applying your discount or can't find your member number? we’re here for you. contact us by phone at 1-888-869-1053, or email us. click here. i have questions about famously you rewards points, can you help? of course we can! please click here for information on everything points – how to earn them, redeem them, and understand your point balance. how do i redeem my points on the famous footwear app? (don’t worry, it’s easy.) sign in to the app and swipe left along the bottom of the home screen until you see the "create" button next to “reward cash.” tap "create." your reward cash will now be available at the bottom of your home screen. yay! reward cash will display the amount and expiration date. to redeem, tap the reward cash you want to use and add it to your wallet, apply it to your cart, or show it to a store associate at the register. then go get your shoes (or other great items). can members earn bonus points? absolutely! star members earn 1 point for every $1 spent. superstar members earn 1.5 points per $1 spent. it adds up fast. members also have the opportunity to earn bonus points in a few different ways: as a special thank you, rewards members are gifted one extra 2x bonus points day promotion. as an extra special thank you, superstar members are gifted an extra 3x bonus points day. reaching superstar: get 25 bonus points when you spend $200 or more in a rolling 12-month period. (plus, you’ll earn all the superstar extras!) for your birthday: celebrate with 2x points per dollar on all purchases during your birth month. using free in-store pickup: earn 50 bonus points per order placed using in-store pickup. product reviews: earn 25 bonus points (max of 250 points per calendar year) by reviewing products purchased from famous footwear. downloading the famous footwear mobile app: earn 50 bonus points when you download the famous footwear mobile app — that’s halfway to $5 in reward cash! you’ll have your rewards and coupons at your fingertips and can enjoy shopping anytime, anywhere. first online order (limited time): earn 50 points for your first online order — again, that’s halfway to $5 in reward cash! see more details in our terms and conditions and exclusions. how can i redeem my points? the reward cash you earn will be sent to you automatically by direct mail and/or email approximately five times per year. but you don’t have to wait. if you want to redeem points for reward cash at any other time, you’ve got three easy options: go to your account online use the famous footwear app ask an associate to create it for you how do i redeem reward cash? reward cash must be presented at the time of purchase to be redeemed and needs to be used prior to its expiration date. you can use reward cash online or in store. simply show your reward cash to the sales associate (printed out or on your phone) or ask them to create it for you at checkout. reward cash is extra special, so it may not be redeemed for cash or any other form of credit. can you tell me how and when reward cash is issued for my points? what happens if i let it expire? reward cash is currently issued five times per year (spring, summer, back to school, fall and holiday). all the points you accumulated approximately two months prior to the creation date will be converted to reward cash. these points are deducted from your account to issue dollar-off reward cash (currently, a maximum of $75 per period). reward cash will either be mailed or emailed along with a summary of your account. if you want to redeem points for reward cash during a period in which we have not already issued you one, there are now three ways to do so: go to your account online use the famous footwear app ask an associate to create one for you please note: if your reward cash is not used by the expiration date, the points will not be redeposited back into your account, nor can the reward cash be reissued. i need a new membership card. what can i do? good news: famously you rewards no longer requires a card. all you need is your member number to earn points on your purchases! to find your member number, use one of the following methods: download the famous footwear app to keep all your account information in one place! learn more access your account online. sign in here ask a store associate to look up your account member number at the register. if you forget to give your membership information at the time of purchase, you can sign in to your account here and add the purchase. how do i update my email address? it’s super easy! just follow the directions below to update your email address: log into the site (go to the my account page and enter your previous email address and password). click on the my personal information link. once you've finished, be sure to click the submit button to save your changes. to find out more, please click here. how can i modify the information reflected on my account? you can update information such as your name, address, and email address one of two ways: sign in to your account using the mobile app or famous footwear website. on the website, select "my personal information". on the mobile app, tap "account", then "contact preferences" to update your email address and phone number or select "profile" to update your name. call us at 1‐888‐869-1053, or click here to email us. please be sure to provide your member number, address, the name currently on your account, and the applicable information you would like to change. i'm currently a member, how can i view my account information on your site? you can view account information by going to the "sign in / join now" link on the famous footwear website. enter your email, then click "sign in / join now" to get started. if you have a member number from signing up in a store, but have not yet entered an email address for your account, select "continue here" at the bottom. follow the directions to complete the process. i need to add a missing transaction to my account. how can i do this? you’re in luck! if you forgot to give your membership information at the time of purchase, you can add both in-store and online transactions to your account by logging in and clicking on register a purchase. if you haven't registered your account online yet, click here. if you experience any issues adding a transaction, please call us at 1-800-401-8888 to reach a customer service representative. please note that we are unable to add transactions which were made prior to joining the program. if you made the purchase in-store, please wait at least 1 business day. for online purchases, please wait until you have received your purchase (as you’ll need information from the packing slip). how do i activate my famously you rewards extras? sign in to your account select your "extra" from the menu at the bottom of the page. continue to checkout. stores stores how do i return or exchange items bought at a store? please note that all returns/exchanges are subject to a 60-day return policy and these guidelines. for your in-store return/exchange, please bring: the item to be returned. item(s) must be returned in the original brand box (packaging). the original receipt (if available). one form of personal identification and the credit card used for the original purchase. find a store can you tell me the hours of operation for a specific store? store hours are not consistent at every location (we cannot include opening and closing times on our website, as the hours can differ by day and store). you may want to contact the store location that you will be visiting for their exact hours of operation. however, hours of most famous footwear stores are as follows: monday - saturday: 10 am to 9 pm sunday: 12 pm to 6 pm how can i provide feedback regarding my recent store visit? we welcome your feedback regarding your recent store visit. please contact us. when contacting us about your experience, please be sure to provide the following information: store location visited (street address, plaza name and city, or store number). date of visit. name of associate (if known). your name. the best phone number to reach you (should any follow up be needed). how can i track an order i placed in a store? you may track a home delivery order by visiting our website here, and selecting the first option: in store (for home delivery). do you offer a military discount? we are proud to offer a 10% discount to all active, reserve, and retired members of the u.s. armed forces at famous footwear and famous footwear outlet stores. a valid active, reserve, or retired government-issued military i.d. card must be presented at the time of purchase. this discount is valid only for the active, reserve, or retired military member to whom it is issued. the military member to whom the i.d. is issued must be present at the time of purchase. family members using the member's i.d. card without the member present cannot receive the discount. military family member i.d. cards are not eligible for the military discount. i.d. cards for civilian employees of the department of defense or other agencies are not valid for the military discount. the military discount is valid on accessories and clearance items, but regular product exclusions apply. the military discount cannot be combined with any other coupons (other than a rewards certificate). it can be combined with bogo 1/2 off or other store-wide promotions. the military discount is valid in store only. it is not valid online. sign up for trend updates & special offers* sign up our stores find a store free in-store pickup home delivery rewards program log in learn more join today terms and conditions customer service help contact us unsubscribe from email track my order shipping returns exclusions my account shoe size charts gift cards our company about us careers feel a little famous site map mobile app policies security privacy policy legal california supply chains act more brands dr. scholl's bearpaw blowfish columbia koolaburra by ugg naturalizer new balance roxy under armour view all brands secure checkout *by entering my email address, i certify that the information i am providing is accurate and that i am at least 18 years of age. expect to receive emails a few times a week. view our privacy policy. © 2019 caleres, inc.