来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201228045647/https://www.famousfootwear.com/returns
================================================================================

returns stop women women's shoes boots athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes sandals work & service shoes slippers all women's shoes boots ankle boots & booties combat boots sneaker boots wide-calf-boots all women's boots trends boot shop trends you'll love the sneaker shop other ways to shop new arrivals wides narrow men men's shoes athletic shoes boots casual shoes dress shoes sandals work & service shoes slippers all men's shoes boots casual boots hiking boots sneaker boots work boots all men's boots trends trends you'll love the sneaker shop other ways to shop new arrivals wides extra wides kids shop by size baby (0-3.5) toddler (4-10) preschool (10.5-3) grade school (3.5-7) other ways to shop new arrivals character shoes wides all kids' shoes girls' shoes boots athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes sandals light up shoes view all girls boys' shoes boots athletic shoes casual shoes dress shoes sandals light up shoes view all boys accessories accessories socks drawstring backpacks backpacks totes & duffel bags fanny packs lunch boxes insoles view all slippers women men kids all slippers other ways to shop new arrivals sale clearance trends trend shops women's boot shop trends you'll love sneaker shop brands view all brands sale sale view all women men girls boys clearance holiday holiday hub holiday gift guide track my order shipping gift cards free in-store pickup store hours choose your store my points 0 rewards: 100 bonus points when you use store pickup thru 12/24. send an egift card today! give one now. hello, your account hello, sign in / join now bogo buy one, get one 1/2 off exclusions apply. close mix and match shoes and backpacks: buy one item, get a second item of equal or lesser value for half price. excludes socks, insoles, shoe care, bates, birkenstock, bogs, born, bzees, caterpillar, dr. scholl's orig collection, fila disruptor, harley davidson, koolaburra by ugg, new balance, steve madden, toms, under armour, select adidas, select asics, select converse, select dr. martens, select nike, select reef, select timberland, select timberland pro styles, and select vionic. customer service contact us exclusions gift cards help privacy policy returns security policy shipping policy shoe size charts terms and conditions store information home delivery company information about us careers site map rewards my account rewards program return policywe hope you’ll love your purchase, but in the case that you are not fully satisfied, you may return unworn merchandise to any famous footwear store, or by mail, within 60 days of purchase (famously you rewards superstar members have 90 days to return unworn merchandise).extended holiday return policy for your convenience, we offer an extended return policy during the holiday season. purchases made from sunday, october 27, through sunday, december 2, will have extended return eligibility through thursday, january 31, 2020. all other terms and conditions of our return policy apply. two easy ways to return in store (free!) in store (free!) what do i need to bring? unworn product in its original box. original receipt, original packing receipt or your confirmation email. one form of personal identification and the credit card used for the original purchase. what to know: you must have the credit or debit card used for the original purchase, and you have not been warned or denied return in the past 180 days, and you have made three or fewer returns in the past year, and the merchandise is unworn and unwashed. find a store near you by mail by mail what do i need to do? box up unworn product in its original box and packaging. enclose a completed return form (included on the original packing slip). can’t find the return form? print one here affix the return label to the outside of the box and ship via the carrier of your choice. what to know: we only process returns at famousfootwear.com if your purchase was made at famousfootwear.com or shipped to your home. (in-store purchases cannot be mailed for refund and may be returned to any famous footwear store.) defective or damaged merchandise can only be returned if it’s unworn. exchanges are only available in stores. we cannot accept c.o.d. packages. faqs faq's what is your return policy? you may return unworn merchandise to any famous footwear store, or by mail, within 60 days of purchase. famously you rewards superstar members have 90 days to return unworn merchandise. we require and electronically capture customer information from a valid state or government photo id (see below for accepted forms of identification) for all returns/exchanges. we maintain a database of customer return activity created for the sole purpose of authorizing returns and exchanges. we do not share or sell the transaction information captured through this process. there is no restocking fee for returns or exchanges. for a written copy of our return/exchange policy, please ask a store associate. we reserve the right to limit returns or exchanges regardless of receipt. please note, defective or damaged merchandise can only be returned if it’s unworn. my item(s) arrived damaged or flawed, what should i do? bring the item(s) to your local store to return or exchange, along with your original receipt. or, contact customer care. can i return an item to a store without a receipt? we will attempt to look up your purchase with the famously you rewards account or credit/debit card used for the original purchase and will exchange the item(s) at the current selling price or give in-store credit at the current selling price. if we’re unable to locate your purchase, we will accept your non-receipted return if it meets all of the following conditions: you have not been warned or denied a return in the past 180 days, and you have made two or fewer non-receipted returns in the past year, and the return is under $150, and the merchandise is unworn and unwashed. i have my original receipt, what are my return options? in most cases, for returns or exchanges of unworn merchandise made with receipt within 60 days (famously you rewards superstar members have 90 days) from the original purchase, you may: exchange the item(s) at a store for the full purchase price. receive a refund for the full purchase price in your original form of payment or receive an in-store merchandise credit for the full purchase price. cash refund will be given for merchandise purchased with cash or check with a receipt only. credit or debit card refunds will be returned back to the card used for the original purchase. can i exchange my online purchase by mail? sorry, exchanges are only available in stores. what forms of identification are required for a return or exchange? u.s. state driver’s license, u.s. state id, u.s. military id, canadian provincial driver’s license, canadian provincial id, passport, u.s. laser visa, mexican voter registration card, matricula consular, mexican driver’s license, japanese driver’s license. is there a time limit to make a return? you may return unworn merchandise to any famous footwear store, or by mail, within 60 days of purchase. famously you rewards superstar members have 90 days to return unworn merchandise. how and when will i be refunded? in store: cash refund will be given for merchandise purchased with cash or check with a receipt only. credit or debit card refunds will be returned back to the card used for the original purchase. by mail: refunds will be processed to the original method of payment within 10 business days after famous footwear has received your return. the warehouse will inspect merchandise sent back for a refund and reserves the right to reject returns. once the return has been processed, you will receive a return email confirmation. depending on the credit card company, it may take an additional 2-10 business days after the credit is applied for it to post to your account. how do i return an item that i received as a gift without a gift receipt? you can either go to a store or call consumer care. you can exchange the item(s) at the current selling price or get in-store credit at the current selling price. will i be refunded for shipping charges when i make a return? original shipping charges are not refundable and return shipping charges must be paid by the customer. for your protection, we suggest sending your return via insured parcel post or other traceable method, as famous footwear is not responsible for returns until they are received in our warehouse. how do i return defective or flawed product? bring the item to your local store to return or exchange the item along with your original receipt. if your online purchase arrives flawed, defective, or damaged, you can send the item back by mail to famous footwear for inspection; however, sending the item back does not guarantee a refund. the warehouse will inspect the merchandise and reserves the right to reject returns. if it is not deemed defective, it will be returned to the customer and a refund will not be processed. merchandise is not considered defective/damaged/flawed in the following circumstances (note: this list is not exclusive): damages caused by misuse, improper care, and/or normal wear and tear. improper fitting or sizing. modifications/alterations made to the product by the customer. damages caused by the use of solvents/adhesives/detergents/liquids/etc. general discomfort or blister formation. do you accept international returns? famous footwear stores cannot accept international returns or exchanges, including international returns and exchanges of online purchases. i was overcharged for an item, what can i do? in the event we mistakenly overcharge you for any item, please let us know and we will immediately refund the difference between the amount we charged and the actual price for the item(s). sign up for trend updates & special offers* sign up our stores find a store free in-store pickup home delivery rewards program log in learn more join today terms and conditions customer service help contact us unsubscribe from email track my order shipping returns exclusions my account shoe size charts gift cards our company about us careers feel a little famous site map mobile app policies security privacy policy legal california supply chains act more brands baretraps columbia dr. scholl's fergie minnetonka moccasin naturalizer new balance puma under armour view all brands secure checkout *by entering my email address, i certify that the information i am providing is accurate and that i am at least 18 years of age. expect to receive emails a few times a week. view our privacy policy. © 2019 caleres, inc. x we use cookies to personalize content, perform analytics, and for marketing purposes. by using this site, you agree to our use of cookies. for more information, view our privacy policy.