来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221212144547/https://www.famousfootwear.com/terms-and-conditions?icid=ftr_legal_click_terms
================================================================================

website terms & conditions, famous footwear skip to main content brands you love free shipping for rewards or orders $75+ new & now new & now spotlight on new arrivals stylist: brit elkin eco-conscious styles shop by occasion weddings & events beach getaway sandal shop sneaker shop active shop getaway shop women women's shoes women's shoes view all sneakers & athletics sandals heels slip on shoes loafers & oxfords mary janes flats clogs & mules boots boat shoes slippers work & safety apparel view all tops bottoms sale spotlight on sneaker trend shop active & outdoor shop weddings & events beach getaway styles other ways to shop new arrivals eco-conscious back in stock shop by size 4.5 5.0 5.5 6.0 6.5 7.0 7.5 8.0 8.5 9.0 9.5 10.0 10.5 11.0 11.5 12+ wide width narrow width wide calf boots sandal trend shop men men's shoes men's shoes view all sneakers & athletics sandals loafers & oxfords slip on shoes boots boat shoes clogs & mules slippers work & safety apparel view all tops bottoms sale spotlight on sneaker trend shop active & outdoor shop other ways to shop new arrivals eco-conscious back in stock shop by size 7.0 7.5 8.0 8.5 9.0 9.5 10.0 10.5 11.0 11.5 12.0 13+ wide width extra wide width shop men's nike kids kids' shoes shop by size baby (0-3.5) toddler (4-10) little kid (10.5-3) big kid (3.5-7) view all kids' shoes sale girls' shoes view all sneakers & athletics sandals slip on shoes dress shoes mary janes boots boat shoes slippers boys' shoes view all sneakers & athletics sandals slip on shoes dress shoes boots boat shoes slippers other ways to shop new arrivals back in stock eco-conscious shop kids' skechers brands brands view all accessories accessories accessories view all socks bags lanyards shoe charms water bottles hair accessories hats & gloves insoles & inserts shoe care slippers bags view all backpacks lunch boxes & bags drawstring bags totes & duffel bags mini bags fanny packs slippers view all women men kids sale other ways to shop new arrivals eco-conscious sale sale view all sale clearance shop by gender women men girls boys shop by brand nike adidas converse vans birkenstock crocs timberland dr. martens shop by price point under $75 under $50 under $30 shop now your wishlist free shipping for rewards or orders $75+ take an extra 20% off skechers with code activesummerexclusions apply.20% off skechers online and in-store via the app, valid through 05/24/2023. coupon may be used only once on select skechers brand shoes and accessories online at famous.com and in famous footwear or famous footwear outlet stores via the famous footwear app. not valid for cash or cash equivalent, on purchase of gift cards or on previously purchased merchandise. other exclusions may apply, ask store associate for details. offer may not be combined with any other coupons (other than reward cash). items purchased with certificates, coupons or special promotions will result in adjusted refund or exchange amount. limit up to 21 items. one transaction per person. to redeem online, enter promotion code activesummer in the promo code box at checkout. offers some exclusions apply. see details. enjoy $10 off today on your first card purchase with the new famously you rewards® credit card, at the time of account opening.* learn more offers website terms and conditions this is the official terms of use agreement ("agreement") for famous.com ("famous footwear website, "site", "website", "we"). this website is hosted by famous footwear, which is a division of bg retail, llc., a wholly owned subsidiary of caleres, inc. ("famous footwear"). please read this agreement carefully because it explains your rights and responsibilities. your agreement and acceptance by using and/or visiting this website, you agree to be bound by (1) all the terms and conditions contained in this agreement, and (2) famous footwear's privacy policy, found at www.famous.com, which is incorporated herein by reference. this website is not intended for children under the age of 13. by using this website, you represent and affirm that you are at least 13 years old. if you are under 13 years of age, please discontinue use of the website immediately. we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to revise the terms of this agreement at any time. once posted on the website, these changes become effective immediately, and your use of this website following such changes constitutes your agreement to be bound by the revisions. although we may attempt to notify you when we make major changes are made to this agreement, you should periodically review the most up-to-date version at www.famous.com to make sure you are aware of the most current terms and conditions. this agreement shall apply to all website users, including users who contribute video content, postings, comments, and other materials or services on the website. famous footwear accounts we may require you to create an account in order to access some features of the website. when creating your account, you must provide complete and accurate information as prompted. you are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of your account password and identification, and you will be responsible for any activity that occurs on your account. you must notify famous footwear immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. famous footwear will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. you could be liable for losses incurred by famous footwear or others due to such unauthorized use. use of the website famous footwear hereby grants you permission to access and use the website as set forth in this agreement, provided that: you agree to comply with all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations. you agree to use the website communication services only to post, send and receive messages and materials that are proper and legal. you agree that you will not use this website for any purpose that is unlawful or that is prohibited by this agreement. you agree not to violate or attempt to violate the security of the website, and you agree not to use the website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the website or interfere with any other person's use and enjoyment of the website. you agree not to use the website for any commercial use. you agree not to use the communication systems provided by the website for any commercial solicitation purposes (for example, you agree not to solicit for commercial purposes any users of the website regarding their user submissions). famous footwear reserves the right to discontinue any aspect of the famous footwear website at any time. in addition to the general restrictions above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of content on the famous footwear website. the content on the famous footwear website, except all user submissions (as defined below), including without limitation, the text, button icons, images, photos, graphics, sounds, music, videos, interactive features, software and the like ("content") and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein ("marks"), are owned by or licensed to famous footwear, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under the law. content on the website is provided to you "as is" and is intended solely for your personal, noncommercial use. accordingly, you agree not to download, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise distribute for any commercial purpose whatsoever any content from this website without the prior written consent of the respective owners. famous footwear reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the website and the content. you shall not download any user submission unless you see a "download" or similar link displayed by famous footwear on the famous footwear website for that specific user submission. user comments are made available "as is", and may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, downloaded, or otherwise distributed in any manner not intended by the normal functionality of the famous footwear website or otherwise as prohibited under this agreement. you may access famous footwear content, user submissions and other content only as permitted under this agreement. famous footwear reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the famous footwear content and the famous footwear website. you understand that when using the famous footwear website, you will be exposed to user submissions from a variety of sources, and that famous footwear is not responsible for the accuracy, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such user submissions. you further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to user submissions that are offensive, objectionable, or inaccurate, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against famous footwear with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold famous footwear, its parent company, and its affiliates and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law in connection with all matters related to your use of the website. user submissions as a famous footwear account holder, you may submit video content ("user videos") and textual content ("user comments"). user videos and user comments are collectively referred to as "user submissions." famous footwear does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any user submissions. you are solely responsible for your own user submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. by submitting a user submission, you automatically grant famous footwear with a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, and display such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium or technology now known or later developed. in connection with user submissions, you agree that you will not submit material to the website that (a) violates or infringes the proprietary rights of any person; (b) is libelous, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under any law; or (c) includes any viruses, worms, rogue programs or other harmful code or properties. famous footwear does not endorse any user submission or any opinion, observation, recommendation, or suggestion expressed therein, and famous footwear expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with user submissions. famous footwear does not permit infringement of intellectual property rights on its website. accordingly, famous footwear will remove all content and user submissions if properly notified that such content or user submission infringes on another's intellectual property rights. famous footwear reserves the right to remove content and user submissions without prior notice. famous footwear respects and honors the intellectual property rights of others. if you are a copyright owner and believe that any user submission or other content infringes upon your copyrights, please contact us. risk of loss the risk of loss and title for items you purchase from this website will pass to you upon delivery of such items to the carrier. termination of access or account famous footwear reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or restrict or terminate your access to the website at any time and for any reason, with or without cause, without prior notice, and without any liability or further obligation of any kind whatsoever to you or any third party. famous footwear reserves the right to decide whether content or a user submission is appropriate and complies with the terms of this agreement. famous footwear may remove such user submissions any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion. links to third party sites the website may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by famous footwear. famous footwear has no control over, and is not responsible for the content or practices of such websites. by using the website, you expressly relieve famous footwear from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website. we encourage you to be aware of when you leave the famous footwear website and to review the policies of every website that you visit. warranty disclaimer and limitations of liability warranty: this website is provided by famous footwear on an "as is" and "as available" basis without any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied. you agree that your use of the famous footwear website shall be at your sole risk. to the extent permitted by law, famous footwear its parent company, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the website and your use thereof. famous footwear makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this website's content or the content of any sites linked to this website and assumes no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our website, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our website, (iv) any bugs, viruses, or similar rogue programs or harmful properties that may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the famous footwear website. famous footwear does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the famous footwear website or any linked website or featured in any banner or other advertising, and famous footwear will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. limitation of liability: in no event shall famous footwear, its parent company, and their respective officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our website, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our website, (iv) any bugs, viruses, rogue programs, harmful properties or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the famous footwear website, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the company is advised of the possibility of such damages. this limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law. you specifically acknowledge that famous footwear shall not be liable for any user submission or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from these events rests entirely with you. indemnity you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the website, bg retail, llc. and its divisions, its parent corporation, and any of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all allegations, claims, demands, actions, causes of actions, proceedings (whether threatened or pending), orders, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees and other legal expenses) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the famous footwear website; (ii) your violation of any term of this agreement; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that one of your user submissions caused damage to a third party. this defense and indemnification obligation will survive this agreement and your use of the famous footwear website. ability to accept terms of service you affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into, and comply with, the terms set forth in this agreement. general you agree that this agreement and all actions contemplated by this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of missouri, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. any claim or dispute between you and famous footwear that arises in whole or in part from your use of the famous footwear website shall be filed and decided exclusively in the state courts in st. louis county, missouri, or the u.s. district court for the eastern district of missouri. this agreement, together with the privacy policy located at www.famous.com, and any other legal notices published by famous footwear on the website, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and famous footwear concerning the famous footwear website. famous footwear reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as famous footwear deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in famous footwear's sole discretion. if any provision of this agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. no waiver of any term of this agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and famous footwear's failure to assert any right or provision under this agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. back to top famously you rewards® terms and conditions the famous footwear famously you rewards program is provided by bg retail, llc. for u.s. members, and famous footwear rewards provided by caleres canada, inc. for canadian members. for the purposes of these terms and conditions, “famous footwear” means bg retail, llc. in respect of u.s. members and caleres canada, inc. in respect of canadian members. by becoming a program member and participating in the famously you rewards program, you the member (i) represent that you are an eligible customer, (ii) consent to famous footwear collecting, using and disclosing your personal information as set out in the privacy section below, and (iii) accept these terms and conditions, as they may be amended from time to time “member”. by signing up to participate in the program, you are agreeing to all terms and conditions for the famously you rewards program, and (2) receive both famous footwear program emails as well as non-program promotional emails from famous footwear. you may unsubscribe from receiving marketing and promotional emails at any time. earning reward cash no purchase is necessary to join the famously you rewards program, but purchases are required to earn points. you may join in-store or online at famous.com or by downloading our famous footwear mobile application (see details below). star members will receive 1 base point for every $1 in purchases, rounded up or down to the nearest $1 increment (excluding returns, purchases made from a 3rd party vendor [including gift cards], and taxes and/or shipping) at participating famous footwear stores, famous footwear outlets or online at famous.com. members who achieve superstar membership will receive 1.5 points instead of 1 point for every $1 in purchases, rounded up or down to the nearest $1 increment (excluding returns, purchases made from a 3rd party vendor [including gift cards], and taxes and/or shipping) at participating famous footwear stores, famous footwear outlets or online at famous.com. additional information on how superstar members receive points is described in the superstar members section below. for purposes of the famously you rewards program, "points" mean those particular program measurement increments, which can be used to redeem reward cash. points have no fixed value, may not be redeemed for cash, and are not transferable to any other individual or entity. any transfer or attempt to transfer a member’s points may result in disqualification from the program. to earn points, members must identify themselves as a member at check-out so the store associate can look up the account. members can also sign in to their accounts online. rewards members are eligible to earn bonus points for completing product reviews. to receive bonus points, members must sign in to (or create) their account on famous.com. famous footwear will award 25 bonus points per approved/published review. approved reviews are defined as those completing all required fields. only products purchased by the rewards member are eligible for bonus points. maximum of 10 reviews (totaling 250 points) will be awarded per calendar year per member. please allow 3-5 business days for your points to be credited in your account. all reviews completed by a rewards member will be labeled. famous footwear may (but has no obligation to) monitor or review anything submitted to famous.com, and we expressly disclaim responsibility for any such materials. however, we may disclose any information or materials as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or government request. famous footwear reserves the right to edit, refuse to post or remove any content, in whole or in part, that violates these terms, our policies. applicable law, or which we determine, in our sole discretion, is objectionable. using famous.com may expose you to content that may be considered or construed to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable to you, and we are not liable for such content. famously fast pickup. pick it up your way, in-store or curbside, and famously you rewards members are eligible to receive 50 bonus points for completing a free in-store pickup transaction. points will be credited to your account within 48 hours after the order is picked up. fifty bonus points will be applied once, for each order that has at least one item indicated as “famously fast pickup,” regardless of how many items in the order. there is no limit to the number of in-store pickup orders that are eligible for 50 bonus points. the return of all items in an in-store pickup transaction will result in the 50 bonus points being removed from your account. to be eligible for points or bonus points, purchases must be made at participating stores in the u.s., canada or online at famous.com purchases applying a merchandise credit, gift card or reward cash will not earn points unless the purchase amount exceeds the reward cash face value. for example, if redeeming $10 in reward cash on a $60 purchase, you will earn points on the remaining $50 of the purchase amount (excluding taxes and/or shipping). in addition, purchases applying a coupon or discount code will earn points on the purchase amount after application of the coupon or discount code. for example, if applying a 20% coupon on a $50 purchase, you will earn points on the remaining $40 of the purchase amount (excluding taxes and/or shipping). for every 100 points you earn you will be eligible to receive reward cash redeemable in increments of $5 per 100 points, to apply to a future qualifying purchase (see below for excluded items). the number of points required for specific reward cash may change at any time. reward cash will be issued, at our discretion, approximately five times per year (spring, summer, back to school, fall and holiday). if a member would like to redeem points for reward cash during a period when famous footwear has not already issued one for the member, reward cash can be created one of the following three ways: 1) ask a store associate at checkout 2) sign in to your account on famous.com to apply at cart or checkout 3) use the famous footwear app. one hundred points will be deducted from your account for every $5 reward cash issued. reward cash will expire 60 days after issuance/creation. famous footwear is not responsible for rewards that are late, lost, misdirected, not delivered or not received. members are responsible for ensuring that all contact information on file is correct and up to date. the maximum reward cash issued per season (spring, summer, back to school, fall and holiday) is $75, the minimum reward cash issued is $5. only one reward will be issued per member per season. self-created reward cash can be created in a minimum of $5 increments, with a maximum amount of $75. the same reward cash denomination cannot be created more than one time per day. any remaining points will carry forward in your account for future use. points are subject to a cap, and members may not accrue more than five thousand (5,000) points during the course of a rolling twelve (12) month period. once a member reaches 5,000 points, the member will cease accruing further points for a period of twelve (12) consecutive months and the member’s account balance is reduced to less than 5,000 points. the 12 consecutive month period will be measured forward from the date the member reaches 5,000 points. resellers are specifically excluded from the famously you rewards program. if you purchase items for resale, famous footwear reserves the right not to award points, to deduct improperly awarded points, to invalidate improperly issued reward cash issued from such accounts, as well as to terminate the membership and decline to permit anyone we believe is associated with the resale activity, or the account, to enroll in any rewards or other program, if we so desire. famous footwear has sole discretion over whether to deem any purchase a “purchase for resale”. famous footwear reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to void reward cash sent due to error, fraud or misuse of the famously you rewards program. birthday rewards eligible star members are gifted $5 reward cash valid during their birthday month and eligible superstar members are gifted $10 reward cash valid during their birthday month. in order to be deemed eligible for birthday reward cash, a member must have made a transaction in the past 12 months. birthday is required. rewards members are eligible to receive 2x points per dollar spent on all purchases during your birthday month. birthday is required. 2x birthday bonus points must be activated one of three ways: 1) ask a store associate at checkout, 2) sign in to your account on famous.com to apply at checkout, 3) use the famous footwear app. if items from a transaction during your birthday month are returned, the corresponding amount of points will be removed from your account. all other famously you rewards program terms and conditions apply. extras when you want extras when you want promotions can be activated one of three ways: 1) present your in store barcode or ask a store associate at checkout 2) sign in to your account and apply at cart or checkout 3) use the famous footwear app. extra bogo ½ off: eligible rewards members are gifted an extra bogo ½ off any one new purchase. in order to be deemed eligible for the extra bogo ½ off purchase, a member must have made a transaction in the past 12 months. the extra bogo ½ off must be redeemed by end of calendar year (cannot be applied to previous purchases). extra bogo ½ off is combinable with your reward cash, sales, and bonus point offers. not valid with any other coupons. buy one item, get a second item of equal or lesser value for half price. exclusions apply. all other famously you rewards program terms and conditions apply. extra bonus points days: rewards members are eligible to activate one extra 2x bonus points day promotion on the day of each member’s choosing. in addition, superstar members are eligible to activate one extra 3x bonus points day promotion on the day of the member’s choosing. if a superstar member spends less than $200 in a rolling calendar year, the member will become a star member and forfeit the extra 3x bonus points day promotion. the extra bonus points day promotions will be forfeited if rewards membership is cancelled, terminated or inactive. upon activation, the extra bonus points day promotion is valid for the entire day. the extra bonus points day promotion will expire at 2 am central time on the day after it was activated. available extra bonus points day promotions will expire at end of calendar year. all other famously you rewards program terms and conditions apply. you may only apply one extra bonus points day or point multiplier promotion to your transaction at any given time. please be patient as it may take up to 48 hours for points to be added to your account. reward cash redemption to redeem reward cash at famous footwear or famous footwear outlet, simply present your reward cash at the time of purchase or request from the store associate to use points at the register to create your reward cash. to redeem at famous.com, first sign in to your account. after signing in, you can create and redeem reward cash from cart, checkout, or your account rewards page. online orders can only be shipped within the 50 united states; orders cannot ship internationally, or to u.s. territories/commonwealths. reward cash may be used one time only. members will not receive credit, change or cash back for partially redeemed reward cash and any unused portion will be forfeited. for example, if you use a $25 reward cash towards a $20 purchase, you will not receive $5 in change or cash back and will not receive a $5 credit toward any future purchase. reward cash has no cash value and may not be exchanged, refunded, transferred, reproduced or redeemed for cash or any other form of credit. reward cash must be used by 11:59 p.m. central time on the stated expiration date or they will have no value and cannot be presented for redemption. reward cash will not be replaced if lost, stolen or destroyed. a member can, however, access available reward cash online under your account on the mobile or desktop site. earned reward cash will be applied across individual items purchased during an in store transaction. if an item is returned from an in store transaction the value of the earned reward cash used on the individually returned item(s) will be credited back to your account in the form of points. if only one item exists in the transaction and that item is returned the entire value of the earned reward cash will be credited back to your account in the form of points. this excludes gifted reward cash such as birthday reward cash and bonus reward cash. earned reward cash will be deducted from the subtotal in an online transaction. if multiple items are purchased, but only one item is returned, the points will remain applied to the non-returned items in the transaction. to the extent the value of the earned reward cash exceeds the amount of the non-returned items in the transaction, the value of the earned reward cash will be credited back to your account in the form of points. this excludes gifted reward cash such as birthday reward cash and bonus reward cash. reward cash cannot be applied to previous purchases. altered reward cash that are reproduced, brokered and/or sold are void. reward cash may not be used for the purchase of gift cards/certificates. reward cash is redeemable only by the member to whom it was issued. superstar membership members who spend $200 or more over a rolling 12 month period will be awarded superstar membership. superstar status will take effect within 1-2 business days of a member meeting the $200 threshold. once superstar membership is achieved, members must continue to spend $200 or more over a rolling 12 month period to maintain status. member accounts that do not meet the minimum annual spending requirement of $200 over a rolling 12 month period will be automatically returned to star status. members who achieve superstar membership will receive 1.5 points instead of 1 point for every $1 in purchases (excluding returns, taxes and/or shipping) at participating stores and online at famous.com. famous footwear mobile application famously you rewards members may download the famous footwear mobile application and receive additional benefits available only to our “mobile application members”. the “mobile application” means the software provided by famous footwear to offer services related to famous footwear and its partners’ services, to be used on apple ios and android os devices and any upgrades and/or changes from time to time and any other software or documentation which enables the use of the application. for more information about the mobile application, please see the mobile application terms of use below. by installing the mobile application, you agree to be bound by the mobile application terms of use so please review them carefully before installation and/or acceptance. members who download the mobile application will also receive the following benefits: new users will receive bonus points upon downloading and signing into the app for the first time. bonus point amounts vary based on promotional periods. members may view a list of all available reward cash at any time. once a member redeems his/her points, reward cash will be generated. reward cash may be used at participating famous footwear stores, famous footwear outlets or online at famous.com. the generated reward cash will include its value, barcode, online promotion code, and expiration date. members can redeem their reward cash through the mobile application at any time (up to $75, never to exceed 1,500 points during a single redemption). members who download the mobile application must comply with all other existing famously you rewards terms and conditions and eligibility rules, as well as the mobile application terms and conditions. general customers must be of the age of majority in their state of residence and have a valid u.s. mailing address or email address to participate (“eligible customer”) in the famously you rewards program. memberships and points are not transferable and cannot be assigned or combined. points expire after 12 months if the member has not made a transaction; however the account is still valid. members who have not made a transaction in 12 months may be sent an email notification that they have points that are set to expire. if a transaction is not made by the stated date, points will be forfeited. after 36 months of account inactivity, a member’s account will be terminated. all dollar values referred to in these famously you rewards terms and conditions are in u.s. currency. employees of famous footwear or its parent or affiliated companies, are not eligible to participate. membership is also not available to corporations, businesses, charities, partnerships, enterprises or anyone other than an individual. current members are not allowed to re-enroll and obtain additional member numbers. famous footwear reserves the right to cancel and/or modify the program and/or these famously you rewards terms and conditions and/or withdraw membership (including any points accumulated and/or reward cash) and/or modify an individual’s membership or point levels (including lowering a member from superstar to star membership or deducting improperly awarded points from a member’s account) at any time. famous footwear will have no liability to any member and is automatically released from all claims by members in respect of such actions. if a member’s membership is withdrawn, the member may not re-enroll in the famously you rewards program. you may cancel your membership at any time by contacting customer service as described below. all decisions regarding the interpretation of these famously you rewards terms and conditions and the administration of the program, and any disputes arising therefrom, shall be resolved by famous footwear in its sole discretion. all such decisions shall be final and binding on all members. famous footwear and its parent and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents (the “released parties”) make no warranty and provide no conditions, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to the program, membership in the program, reward cash or any products or services related to the program. by participating in the famously you rewards program, each member releases the released parties from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and other expenses (including, without limitation, legal and attorney’s fees) relating to that member’s participation in the program, use of reward cash, or agreement to these famously you rewards terms and conditions. these famously you rewards program terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of the state of missouri, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. any claim or dispute between you and famous footwear that arises in whole or in part from your participation in the famously you rewards program shall be filed and decided exclusively in the state courts in st. louis county, missouri, or the u.s. district court for the eastern district of missouri. collection of personal information famous footwear collects personal information from members, including name and contact information, and information about a member’s purchase history, in order to administer the program, including to: (i) calculate points accumulated and deducted; (ii) calculate reward cash; (iii) better understand the needs and shopping habits of members; and (iv) to communicate with members to provide reward cash and other information about the program, as well as special offers and notifications about promotions, fashion trends and upcoming events. any personal information will be used by famous footwear in accordance with our privacy policy found at www.famous.com. customer service for questions concerning your account status or program information, please contact famously you rewards customer service: visit us 24/7 at famous.com/rewards u.s. members call our phone line at 1-800-401-8888. canadian members call our phone line at 1-800-969-7500. write to famously you rewards customer service, p.o. box 354, st louis, mo 63166 famously you rewards credit card rewards terms and conditions the famously you rewards® credit card (“card”) is offered by famous footwear® through comenity capital bank. in these terms, “you” and “your” reference the account holder. “we,” “our,” and “us” refer to famous footwear/bg retail, llc. “bank” refers to comenity capital bank or its assignees. by becoming a famously you rewards credit cardmember (“cardmember”), you agree to participate in the famously you rewards loyalty program (“program”) and accept the famously you rewards terms and conditions described above. these terms are separate and independent from the famously you rewards credit card account agreement (your “account agreement”), which governs the use of your credit card. for more information, visit www.comenity.net/famousfootwear. in the event of any conflict between these terms and your account agreement, these terms will control in any matter relating to the program. “good standing” is required to earn cardmember reward cash using the famously you rewards credit card. “good standing” means (i) your famously you rewards credit card account (“account”) is open to new charges and is not over your credit limit, (ii) your account is not more than 60 days past due or otherwise in default, (iii) your card is not flagged as lost, stolen, or fraudulent according to the bank’s records, (iv) your account is not in a hardship or workout program, and (v) you are not subject to a credit counseling arrangement relating to your account. famously you rewards credit card cardmember reward cash eligibility to earn cardmember reward cash for in-store purchases, cardmembers must identify themselves at checkout by using their famously you rewards account by asking a store associate to assist with their account look up and use their famously you rewards credit card. to earn cardmember reward cash for online purchases at famousfootwear.com, cardmembers must be logged in to their famously you rewards account at famousfootwear.com at the time of making an online purchase. cardmembers will not earn toward cardmember reward cash on purchases made with the card if logged in under another loyalty member account. the famously you rewards credit card program is limited to earning toward cardmember reward cash for net eligible purchases. net eligible purchases are purchases of goods and services for personal, family, and household purposes using your card minus any returns, refunds, or credit adjustments, rounded to the nearest dollar. cardmember reward cash is not earned on, and the term “net eligible purchases” does not include: gift cards, taxes, shipping, returns, refunds, credit adjustments, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, charges that violate the terms of your account agreement, purchases made by or for a business or for a business purpose, balance transfers, interest, fees, purchases made from a 3rd party vendor (including gift cards), purchases made under a non-cardmembers loyalty member id, or other account activity. famously you rewards credit card earning structure cardmembers will earn points on card purchases at the same rate as non-cardmembers based on their membership level (star or superstar). in addition to points, cardmembers will also earn $5 cardmember reward cash for every $100.00 of net eligible purchases made using the card. earned cardmember reward cash is subject to a cap, and cardmembers may not accrue more than $250 in cardmember reward cash ($5,000 spent on the famously you rewards credit card) during the course of a rolling twelve (12) month period. once a cardmember spends $5,000, the cardmember will cease accruing further cardmember reward cash for a period of twelve (12) consecutive months. the 12 consecutive month period will be measured forward from the date the cardmember reaches the $5,000 threshold. rewards for special cardmember reward cash offers. from time to time, we may make special offers for you to earn additional cardmember reward cash for net eligible purchases on the card. these additional cardmember rewards are called “bonus cardmember reward cash.” the way to earn bonus cardmember reward cash, and the bonus cardmember reward cash that can be earned, may vary. read each offer carefully as there may be important conditions or limitations, such as blackout periods, bonus cardmember reward cash limits, or exclusions. you may have to register to qualify for the offer. we may change or withdraw an offer at any time without notice. any such change or withdrawal will not affect bonus cardmember reward cash already earned. your net eligible purchase must be completed and the transaction charged to your account during the special offer period in order for you to earn the applicable bonus cardmember reward cash. for mail order, special order, online order, and other purchases, please be aware that we may not charge your account until items purchased have shipped. during special offer periods, making a return in the same transaction as your purchase may result in earning fewer cardmember rewards because cardmember rewards are calculated off of your net eligible purchase (in this case, your purchase minus return). posting of cardmember reward cash earned; expiration; forfeiture please note that it may take 1-2 business days or more from the time you meet the $100 spend requirement for net eligible purchases before cardmember reward cash will post to your cardmember reward cash balance. you can view your available cardmember reward cash online at famousfootwear.com/myaccount or via the mobile app. at any time, we may verify and adjust your cardmember reward cash balance based on our records and based on certain purchases not constituting, or no longer constituting, net eligible purchases. cardmember reward cash will expire 60 days after the date that it is posted to your cardmember reward cash balance. cardmember reward cash must be used by 11:59 p.m. central time on the stated expiration date or it will have no value and cannot be presented for redemption. cardmember reward cash will remain available in your cardmember reward cash balance until it is redeemed, forfeited, or expired. except as otherwise provided by applicable law, you will forfeit all unused cardmember reward cash if you file for bankruptcy, if your participation in the program is terminated, or if your account is closed for any reason. cardmember reward cash redemption cardmember reward cash is redeemable for a specified dollar amount off qualifying purchases at u.s. famous footwear stores or outlets and famousfootwear.com. to redeem at famousfootwear.com, enter the online promo code at checkout. online orders can only be shipped within the 50 united states; orders cannot ship internationally or to u.s. territories/commonwealths. cardmember reward cash may be used one time only. any unused cardmember reward cash value will be forfeited. famously you rewards credit card customer service for questions concerning your famously you rewards credit card account, please contact comenity capital bank customer care: by phone: 1-800-433-0091 (tdd/tty 1-888-819-1918) online: www.comenity.net/famousfootwear by mail: comenity capital bank, po box 183003, columbus, oh 43218-3003 *when writing, include your name, address, phone number and account number. back to top mobile application terms of use by installing the mobile application, you agree to be bound by these terms of use. please review them carefully before installation and/or acceptance. the “mobile application” shall mean the software provided by famous footwear to offer services related to famous footwear and its partners’ services, to be used on apple ios and android os devices and any upgrades and/or changes from time to time and any other software or documentation which enables the use of the mobile application. in order to use the mobile application, you are required to have a compatible mobile telephone or handheld device, internet access, and the necessary minimum specifications ('software requirements'). the mobile application is open to all apple and android users within the 50 united states (not available internationally or in u.s. territories or possessions). to download the mobile application please visit google play or the apple store. famously you rewards members who download the mobile application must comply with all existing eligibility rules and famously you rewards terms and conditions as found at famous.com. upon downloading the mobile application, famous footwear grants to you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited and revocable license to use the mobile application for personal and/or non-commercial use only on the appropriate device owned or controlled by you as permitted by google play or apple store terms (“user license”) and you are agree to receive electronic communications from famous footwear and/or its select partners through the mobile application (also known as “push notifications”) designed to give you information relevant to your shopping experience and rewards membership, promotions and other information. you can opt-in or opt-out at any time in the profile section of the mobile application. any use of the mobile application in any other manner, including, without limitation, resale, transfer, modification or distribution of the mobile application or text, pictures, music, barcodes, video, data, hyperlinks, displays and other content associated with the mobile application is prohibited. these terms of use and user license also govern any updates to, or supplements or replacements for, the mobile application. famous footwear reserves the right without notice to change, modify or alter in its sole discretion the terms and conditions of use of the mobile application, the functionality of the mobile application and/or the terms and conditions of sale for any goods and services offered through the mobile application or participation in the famously you rewards program. by accessing or using the mobile application after any such change, etc. to the mobile application or terms and conditions of use, you agree to any such changes, etc. famous footwear may terminate use or functionality of the mobile application, content or data associated with the mobile application at any time by giving notice of termination to you. upon any termination (a) the rights and licenses granted to you herein shall terminate; and (b) you agree to cease all use of the software. any personal information supplied to famous footwear when using the mobile application will be used by famous footwear in accordance with our privacy policy found at www.famous.com. please read the privacy policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. if you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not download, register with or use this mobile application. by downloading, registering with or using this mobile application, you agree to this privacy policy. the privacy policy may change from time to time, and you continued use of this mobile application after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the privacy policy periodically for updates. user submissions video content (“user video”), photography content (“user photographs”), and textual content (“user comments”) (collectively referred to as “user submissions”) may be submitted by posting to www.famous.com, our mobile application, our pinterest account, our twitter account, our facebook page, and other social media formats which are now available or which become available (“media formats”). famous footwear does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any user submissions, including your user names and profile information. when you make a user submission, you acknowledge, consent and agree to: 1) your user submission being featured on the media format and potentially being used to link through to products for sale on www.famous.com; 2) a grant to famous footwear of a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, edit, create a derivative work from display, or otherwise exhibit or distribute the submission or any portion of it, in any medium or forum, now known or later developed, at any time, without any payment to you or a third party, and 3) a non-exclusive license to access your user submission and to use, exhibit, display use or reproduce such user submission in accordance with the terms of this agreement . your use of instagram, twitter, or similar media formats to make user submissions using the designated hashtags is also governed by the terms and conditions of use for those sites. you are solely responsible for your own user submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. you may be held legally liable for your user submissions, including for example, to the extent you submit content containing material protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary rights without the permission of the owner. you represent and warrant to famous footwear that you: (a) are the sole owner of the content you submit and that you have the right and authority to grant to famous footwear and users of the mobile application the license provided for in these terms of use and (b) will not submit any content that is illegal, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, violates any law or the legal rights of a third party including but not limited to rights of privacy or publicity, or intellectual property rights. you further agree not to submit any content that contains any viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs or other data functions that will damage or detrimentally interfere with the operation of the mobile application or surreptitiously appropriate or intercept any data or system. famous footwear reserves the right to remove any user submissions at any time, for any reason, in its sole discretion. your user submissions you share continue to be owned by you to the extent of your rights in the submission. famous footwear respects and honors the intellectual property rights of others, and we ask that you do the same. if you are the owner of a copyright and you believe that infringing activity or materials are present on any of our media formats, you may request removal of those materials (or access to them) by following our process and submitting written notification that complies with the requirements of the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (“dmca”) to our copyright agent (designated below). attn: dmca agent c/o legal department 8300 maryland avenue saint louis, mo 63105 email: legal-dmca@brownshoe.com famous footwear does not endorse any user submission or any opinion, observation, recommendation, or suggestion expressed therein, and famous footwear expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with user submissions. inclusion of any user submission does not constitute an endorsement of such user submission by famous footwear, and famous footwear makes no claim as to the accuracy of any user submission. famous footwear reserves the right in its sole discretion to determine which user submissions will be shared or featured, including refusing to post any user submission that violates our privacy policy, terms of use, or applicable law. famous footwear reserves the right to remove such user submissions any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion. general you agree that these terms of use and all actions contemplated by these terms of use shall be governed by the laws of the state of missouri, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. any claim or dispute between you and famous footwear that arises in whole or in part from your use of the media formats, mobile application, software or services shall be filed and decided exclusively in the state courts in st. louis county, missouri, or the u.s. district court for the eastern district of missouri. famous footwear reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as famous footwear deems necessary to satisfy any application law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in famous footwear’s sole discretion. limitation of liability in no event will famous footwear, its parent or affiliated entities, or any person or entity involved in creating, producing or distributing the media formats, mobile application, software or services provided through them, be liable for any damages, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, special, loss of profits or business interruption, consequential or punitive damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the media formats, mobile application, software or services, data or information on or transmitted to or from the media formats, mobile application, software or services. you hereby assume all risk for any damages, claims or injuries and hereby acknowledge that this limitation of liability shall apply to all content on the media formats, mobile application, software and services. this limitation of liability applies to any damages or injuries of any type whatsoever caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, virus, failure of equipment, theft, destruction or unauthorized access, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or any other cause of action or theory of recovery. you specifically and expressly acknowledge and agree that in no circumstances will famout footwear or its parent or affiliated entities or the employees, directors or agents thereof be liable for defamatory, offensive or illgal conduct ofa ny users, visitors or third party advertisers or sponsors of the media formats, mobile application, software or services and that the risk of injury from the foregoing is and remains solely with you. disclaimer of warranty the media formats, mobile application, software and services are provided “as is” without representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or as to defects, accuracy, or reliability. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless famous footwear and its parent and affiliated entities and their respective employees, officers, directors and agents from and against any and all liability, damages, loss, causes of action, fines, penalties, suits and claims of any nature or kind whatsoever (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of litigation) arising out of or related to your use of the media formats, the mobile application, software or services, or use by another of your accounts. back to top text message terms and conditions - updated 6/1/2022 click here to read full program terms: https://attnl.tv/t/m5r click here to read program privacy terms: https://attnl.tv/p/m5r back to top find a store sign up for special offers & trend updates1 this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply. thank you for subscribing  join famously you rewards® to enjoy free shipping every day & earn reward cash good on any pair. free shipping for members plus, return your purchase to any store, at any time. famous gift cards fits every time! physical card or instant egift card. famously fast pickup order online, pick up in store or at the curb. plus, members earn a bonus reward! pay your way enjoy zip, the famously you rewards® credit card and more. connect with us stores famously fast pickup find a store famously you sign in / join now learn more credit card mobile app rewards terms help faq / contact us shipping & returns exclusions track my order gift cards shoe size charts zip unsubscribe from email accessibility do not sell or share my personal info about us about us careers ticket to dream site map eco-conscious famously you rewards® credit card manage card privacy policy terms & conditions supply chain act © 2023 caleres, inc. 1yes, i would like to receive emails with trends, updates & special offers a few times a week. by providing my information, i am certifying that i am at least 18 years old. note: we collect and use the information you provide in accordance with our privacy policy.