来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241017182524/https://www.famousfootwear.com/help?icid=ftr_hlpme_click_faq
================================================================================

customer service, faqs, shipping & order info, famous footwear skip to main content take an extra 20% off favorite brands with code gosave20.exclusions apply.take an extra 20% off select brands online and in-store via the app. valid 9/30-10/7/24 on select styles from asics, skechers, under armour and vans. promo may be used only once in famous footwear or famous footwear outlet stores via the famous footwear app, or online at famous.com. not valid in conjunction with promotions offered in stores that are closing. not valid for cash or cash equivalent, on purchase of gift cards or on previously purchased merchandise. other exclusions may apply, ask store associate for details. offer may not be combined with any other promos (other than reward cash). items purchased with reward cash or promotions will result in adjusted refund or exchange amount. limit up to 21 items. one transaction per person. to redeem online, enter promotion code gosave20 in the promo code box at checkout. free shipping on any order for rewards members. new & now new & now new arrivals shop all shop women shop men shop kids best sellers spotlight on fall lookbook cozy styles ballet flats limited-edition collaborations boot edit sneaker shop travel edit active shop women women's shoes women's shoes view all sneakers & athletics boots slip on shoes heels loafers & oxfords clogs & mules flats sandals mary janes slippers boat shoes work & safety sale spotlight on y2k style sneakers cozy styles metallics weather-ready boots other ways to shop new arrivals best sellers eco-conscious back in stock shop by size 4.5 5.0 5.5 6.0 6.5 7.0 7.5 8.0 8.5 9.0 9.5 10.0 10.5 11.0 11.5 12+ wide width narrow width wide calf boots the boot edit men men's shoes men's shoes view all sneakers & athletics boots loafers & oxfords slip on shoes work & safety slippers sandals clogs & mules boat shoes sale spotlight on court sneakers nike air max weather-ready boots other ways to shop new arrivals best sellers eco-conscious back in stock shop by size 7.0 7.5 8.0 8.5 9.0 9.5 10.0 10.5 11.0 11.5 12.0 13+ wide width extra wide width shop skate shoes kids' shoes shop by size baby (0-3.5) toddler (4-10) little kid (10.5-3) big kid (3.5-7) find the perfect fit view all kids' shoes sale girls' shoes view all sneakers & athletics boots character & light ups slip on shoes dress shoes sandals mary janes boat shoes slippers boys' shoes view all sneakers & athletics boots character & light ups slip on shoes dress shoes sandals boat shoes slippers spotlight on crocs collaborations weather-ready boots other ways to shop new arrivals best sellers back in stock eco-conscious shop kids' nike brands brands view all accessories accessories accessories view all socks bags hats & gloves shoe charms water bottles hair accessories shoe care slippers insoles & inserts lanyards bags view all backpacks lunch boxes & bags drawstring bags totes & duffel bags mini bags fanny packs slippers view all women men kids sale other ways to shop new arrivals eco-conscious sale sale view all sale clearance shop by gender women men girls boys shop by brand nike crocs vans converse bearpaw adidas birkenstock new balance dr. martens skechers shop by price point under $75 under $50 under $30 clearance your wishlist free shipping on any order for rewards members. offers offers some exclusions apply. see details. enjoy $10 off today on your first card purchase with the new famously you rewards® credit card, at the time of account opening.* learn more frequently asked questions faq how can i track the delivery of an online order? please allow 2-3 business days after your order is placed for tracking number(s) to appear for your order. to begin tracking your online purchase, please click here, then enter your order number and the shipping zip code. can't find your order number? contact us to track your order. please note that all online orders will receive a shipping confirmation email once the purchase is in transit. if you're a famously you rewards member, sign in to access your account. select order history & returns, then find the order you want to track and click the "view order" button. then click the "track order" button and follow the instructions to obtain tracking information on your order. my item(s) arrived damaged or flawed, what should i do? bring the item(s) to your local store to return or exchange. or, contact customer care. what shipping carrier will deliver my online purchase?the shipping carrier for your order will vary based on the area you live in, where your order is shipping from, and whether expedited shipping was selected. please reference the following information for possible delivery services. for questions regarding delivery times and prices, please click here. standard orders: standard orders ship fedex or fedex smartpost. please be advised that usps and fedex combine their services for smartpost deliveries. therefore, a fedex web link will be provided to track your order, however your items will be delivered by usps. please note: we are unable to advise whether your order will ship via fedex or fedex smartpost at the time that your order is placed, nor can we request a particular service for your order’s delivery. expedited orders: all 2nd business day and next business day purchases will be delivered by fedex. please note that weekends and holidays do not count as delivery days. how long will it take to receive my order? for home delivery purchases, please allow 4-7 business days (excluding weekends and holidays) for delivery. to track your home delivery, click here. important notice: if your order was placed on an evening, weekend, or holiday, your order will not begin to process until the following business day. please take this information into account calculating the 4-7 business day delivery time-frame. do you ship outside of the us?we only ship orders to addresses within the 50 united states from famousfootwear.com. we ship to addresses within canada from famousfootwear.ca. we do not ship to countries other than the u.s. or canada, or to u.s. territories/commonwealths. are there any discount exclusions?to view exclusions and our discount terms and conditions, please click here. can i purchase gift cards in bulk?click here for more information regarding bulk gift card purchases. can i redeem multiple gift cards online?currently we are unable to process more than one gift card as payment online. you can redeem multiple gift cards at our store locations. can you help me figure out what size to buy?our website provides size conversions from u.s. to european sizes for each shoe in the size drop-down box. still not sure what size you wear? we offer a free printable sizing chart for men, women and children on our fit assistant page. how do i unsubscribe from emails?click here to learn more. how can i contact you?use one of the following methods to contact us: email: click here phone: 1-888-869-1053 order inquiry how can i track the delivery of an online order? please allow 2-3 business days after your order is placed for tracking number(s) to appear for your order. to begin tracking your online purchase, please click here, then enter your order number and the shipping zip code. can't find your order number? contact us to track your order. please note that all online orders will receive a shipping confirmation email once the purchase is in transit. if you're a famously you rewards member, sign in to access your account. select order history & returns, then find the order you want to track and click the "view order" button. then click the "track order" button and follow the instructions to obtain tracking information on your order. can i cancel my order?if you need to cancel your order for any reason, there is a one (1) hour window after the order is placed to cancel orders. once this window has passed, you can return your order by mail or at any store, or exchange your item(s) at a store after your order arrives. view full cancellation instructions. why was my order canceled?we randomly and routinely perform audit checks to verify order information in an effort to maintain high security standards for the protection of our customers. this may be why your order was cancelled. it is also possible that your order may have been cancelled if we ran out of stock in an item. in both cases, an email confirmation will be dispatched. for the specific cancellation reason of your order, we ask that the billing customer of the purchase call us at 1-888-869-1053. what payment methods do you accept?we accept visa, mastercard, american express and discover credit cards, as well as debit cards issued by united states banks, famous footwear gift cards, paypal, zip, google pay, apple pay, and venmo. we cannot accept cash, checks or money orders. can i use multiple payment methods when placing an order?we are unable to accept payment with more than one credit/debit card; however, you can redeem a famous footwear gift card along with one credit card as payment. can i pay with an international card? if you would like to place an order with a u.s. shipping address (and you will be using a foreign credit card), we will need for you to provide the foreign billing address in order to process the order correctly. since our website does not allow customers to put in any type of foreign address, please place the order by filling out the billing information as indicated below. the shipping information would be filled out as normal. please be sure to use a credit card issued by a bank that will automatically provide us with the address they have on file for you in their records. you may need to request that your bank add the u.s. shipping address to their records. billing information name is the cardholder's name. billing information address line 1 is the foreign street address. billing information address line 2 is the foreign city, country, and any other address information. billing city is the american shipping city. billing state is the american shipping state. billing zip code is the american shipping zip code (be sure to include the 4-digit zip code extension for both the billing and shipping zip codes). was my order placed? if your order was successfully submitted, an email confirmation will be sent to you or you would have been provided with an order confirmation screen just after hitting the submit button (during the placement of your purchase). if you've not received an order number from us, or you think you have missed the order confirmation email, please call us at 1-888-869-1053 so we may search for your order. how do i update my billing or shipping information for future orders?to update your address, please follow the directions below: sign in to your account on the famous footwear website to get to your account page. select “addresses” to update your addresses. here you can add, edit, or delete your shipping and billing address(es) as needed. when you're done, click "save changes.” sign in to your account using the famous footwear app. tap "account" then select “address” to update your shipping address. when you're done, click "save changes." shipping how can i track the delivery of an online order? please allow 2-3 business days after your order is placed for tracking number(s) to appear for your order. to begin tracking your online purchase, please click here, then enter your order number and the shipping zip code. can't find your order number? contact us to track your order. please note that all online orders will receive a shipping confirmation email once the purchase is in transit. if you're a famously you rewards member, sign in to access your account. select order history & returns, then find the order you want to track and click the "view order" button. then click the "track order" button and follow the instructions to obtain tracking information on your order. what shipping carrier will deliver my online purchase?the shipping carrier for your order will vary based on the area you live in, where your order is shipping from, and whether expedited shipping was selected. please reference the following information for possible delivery services. for questions regarding delivery times and prices, please click here. standard orders: standard orders ship fedex or fedex smartpost. please be advised that usps and fedex combine their services for smartpost deliveries. therefore, a fedex web link will be provided to track your order, however your items will be delivered by usps. please note: we are unable to advise whether your order will ship via fedex or fedex smartpost at the time that your order is placed, nor can we request a particular service for your order’s delivery. expedited orders: all 2nd business day and next business day purchases will be delivered by fedex. please note that weekends and holidays do not count as delivery days. how long will it take to receive my order? for home delivery purchases, please allow 3-5 business days (excluding weekends and holidays) for delivery. to track your home delivery, click here. important notice: if your order was placed on an evening, weekend, or holiday, your order will not begin to process until the following business day. please take this information into account calculating the 3-5 business day delivery time-frame. do you ship outside of the us?we only ship orders to addresses within the 50 united states from famousfootwear.com. we ship to addresses within canada from famousfootwear.ca. we do not ship to countries other than the u.s. or canada, or to u.s. territories/commonwealths. do you ship to p.o. boxes? we offer standard shipping to p.o. boxes for most items; some online-only items are not eligible. we cannot deliver to p.o. boxes in alaska or hawaii at this time. returns what is your return policy?for information regarding merchandise returns and exchanges, or to view our return policy, please click here. my item(s) arrived damaged or flawed, what should i do? bring the item(s) to your local store to return or exchange. or, contact customer care. how can i return a home delivery or online order?you have the option of returning your online or home delivery purchase to any famous footwear store, or by mail. in store: if you find yourself not liking the style or fit, or simply change your mind, come back to see us. no box? no receipt? no problem! we’re happy to look up your receipt with the credit/debit card used for the original purchase or by using your famously you rewards® account. if we can’t look up your original receipt, we’ll issue a refund in the form of store credit at the current selling price. there is no stocking fee for returns or exchanges. we reserve the right to limit or deny returns or exchanges regardless of receipt.* *note: we may collect information from you to help manage our return/exchange process, to assist in protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and to help manage our relationship with you. via mail: famous footwear offers $7.95 flat-rate shipping for returns by mail. you can print this pre-paid return shipping label and we'll deduct a return processing fee of $7.95 upon receipt of your return. if you would like to make a return by mail, please follow these steps: click here to get your return label and packing slip. re-package your order and place the packing slip inside the box. affix the return shipping label to the outside of the box. upon receipt of your return, we'll deduct a return processing fee of $7.95 from your return order refund. please note: we only process returns at famousfootwear.com if your purchase was made at famousfootwear.com or shipped to your home. (in-store purchases cannot be mailed for refund and may be returned to any famous footwear store.) exchanges are only available in stores. how long does it take to process a return?most returns are processed within 10 business days after receipt at our warehouse. an email message will be sent to you once your return is processed. when will my credit post? most returns are processed within 10 business days after receipt at our warehouse. an email message will be sent to you once your return is processed. note: once we've initiated the credit for your online order's return, the actual date that the refund will post to your account is in accordance with your financial institution's procedures. depending on the credit card company, it may take an additional 2-10 business days after the credit is applied for it to post. famously you rewards® i want to join the celebration. how do i register to become a famously you rewards member?welcome! you can join online, through the famous footwear app , or at your local store. click here to learn more about the perks famously you rewards members enjoy. i can't remember my account email or password. how do i sign in?if you can't remember your password or can’t recall if you’ve ever created one, go to the sign in page and click on the forgot password link below the password field. on the next screen, enter the email associated with your account and click submit. you will then receive an email to reset your password. if you signed up for famously you rewards in the store, but haven't linked your rewards account with your online account yet, you can link them together by clicking here and filling out the requested fields. if you can't remember your account email, please contact us by phone at 1-888-869-1053, or email us. how do i earn points?as a famously you rewards member, you earn points every time you shop. star members earn 1 point for every $1 spent. superstar members earn 50% more points than star members with 1.5 points per $1. $5 reward cash = 100 points, and you can earn up to $250 a year! how do i get reward cash?it’s easy! the reward cash you earn will be sent to you automatically by email within 72 hours of earning it once in your account, reward cash is good for 90 days. online at famous.com: sign in to your account on famous.com. reward cash will display on your rewards tab with the amount and expiration date to redeem, tap or click on the reward cash you want to use and apply to cart, or print it to show a store associate at the register. you can also apply reward cash from cart or checkout. in the famous footwear app: sign in and swipe left until you see the "create reward cash" tile under the rewards tab reward cash will display the amount and expiration date to redeem, tap the reward cash you want to use and either add it to your wallet, apply in your cart, or show it to a store associate at the register to treat yourself to shoes you’ll love. how do i use reward cash?to spend your reward cash, simply present it at the time of purchase and use it before it expires. you can use reward cash any way you shop — online, in the app, or in-store. at famous.com, be sure you are signed into your account. once on your account page, go to the rewards tab and click on the reward cash you want to redeem, then click apply to cart. you can also apply reward cash from cart or checkout. in the famous footwear app, tap the reward cash you want to redeem and either add it to your wallet, apply it to your cart, or show it to a store associate at checkout. at your store, simply show your reward cash to the store associate (printed out or on your phone) or ask them to apply it for you at checkout. reward cash is extra special, so it may not be redeemed for cash or any other form of credit. it can be used to purchase almost anything online or in the store but may not be used to purchase gift cards. see your reward cash. when is reward cash issued for my points?the reward cash you earn (and a summary of your account) will be sent to you by email within 72 hours of earning it. what happens if my reward cash expires?don’t let that happen. be sure to shop with your reward cash before it expires. you earned it! the expiration date will be on the reward cash when it is issued. if you don’t use your reward cash before it expires, the points will not be redeposited back into your account, and the reward cash cannot be reissued. can members earn bonus points?absolutely! star members earn 1 point for every $1 spent. superstar members earn 1.5 points per $1 spent. it adds up fast. members also have the opportunity to earn bonus points in a few different ways: extras when you want: as a special thank you, famously you rewards members are gifted one extra 2x bonus points day promotion. as an extra special thank you, superstar members are also gifted an extra 3x bonus points day. when you redeem them, 2x and 3x bonus points days are good for the whole day, so start early and keep shopping. reach superstar: get 25 bonus points when you spend $200 or more in a rolling 12-month period. (plus, you’ll enjoy all the superstar perks!) for your birthday: celebrate with 2x points per dollar on all purchases during your birthday month. famously fast pickup: earn 50 bonus points (that’s halfway to $5 reward cash) when you order online and pick up in store with free famously fast pickup. product reviews: earn 25 bonus points for reviewing your purchase (up to a maximum of 250 bonus points per calendar year). we love hearing from you! download the famous footwear app: earn 50 bonus points when you download the famous footwear app — that’s halfway to $5 reward cash! you’ll have your rewards and savings at your fingertips, and you can enjoy shopping anytime, anywhere. first online order (limited time): earn 50 bonus points for your first online order — again, that’s halfway to $5 reward cash! see more details in our terms and conditions and exclusions. when will bonus points be in my account?it’s pretty fast. if you earned bonus points with your purchase, please allow up to 48 hours for the points to appear in your account. remember, you may only apply one extra bonus points day or point multiplier promotion to your transaction at any given time. how do i become a superstar member?become a superstar and enjoy our best benefits when you spend $200 or more during a rolling 12-month period. what additional benefits do superstar members receive?members enjoy all star benefits, plus: faster rewards: earn 50% more points than star members with 1.5 points per dollar. the most birthday rewards: $10 birthday reward cash — our biggest gift! extras when you want: enjoy an extra 3x bonus points day to use when you want. having trouble applying your discount or can't find your member number?we’re here for you. contact us by phone at 1-888-869-1053, or email us. click here. how long before i can use my superstar benefits?once you spend $200 in a rolling 12-month period, you will become a superstar. congrats! please allow up to 48 hours for your account to change from star to superstar. how do i keep my superstar benefits?your superstar perks are good for a year. to keep them, you must continue to spend $200 or more in a rolling 12-month period. if you don’t, you will still continue to enjoy star benefits with famously you rewards. how do i activate my famously you rewards extras?as a famously you rewards member, you receive an extra bogo 1/2 off purchase and a 2x bonus points day to use when you want. superstar members also enjoy an extra 3x bonus points day. bonus points days are good all day long — any day you choose — so give yourself plenty of time to shop! your extras will be added to your account at the start of the calendar year and can be activated any day you choose. to use your extras when you want: sign in to your account activate your “extra” in the rewards tab or select your "extra" from the menu at the bottom of the cart page or on the billing page continue to checkout how do i get free shipping?just sign in to your famously you rewards account before checkout to get free standard shipping on orders in the contiguous u.s. it’s that easy. what are my birthday benefits and when do i get them?let’s celebrate! as a star member, you’ll receive $5 birthday reward cash for your birthday. when you become a superstar, you'll enjoy $10 birthday reward cash — our biggest gift. plus, all members of famously you rewards earn 2x points per dollar on all purchases during their birthday month. i need a new membership card. what can i do?good news: famously you rewards members no longer need membership cards. just provide your member number to earn points on your purchases. to find your member number, use one of the following methods: ask a store associate to look it up for you at checkout sign in to your account on famous.com then click "your rewards card" download the famous footwear app and sign in to your account. on rewards tab, tap "member id” in the top right of the screen to view your membership card or add to wallet. how can i update the personal information on my account like name, address, or email address?there are three simple ways to update your name, address, and email address: sign in to your account on the famous footwear website to get to your rewards tab. select "profile” to update your name, email address, or birthday. select “addresses” to update your addresses. click “add/edit saved address(es)” to add, edit, or delete your shipping and billing address(es) as needed. when you're done, click "save changes.” sign in to your account using the famous footwear app. tap "account." select “notification settings" to update your email address and phone number. select "profile" to update your name and birthday. select “address” to update your address. when you're done, click "save changes." call us at 1‐888‐869-1053, or click here to email us. please be sure to provide your member number, address, the name currently on your account, and the applicable information you would like to change. i'm currently a member. how can i see my account information online?you can view your famously you rewards account information by signing in to your account. once signed in, you’ll be taken to your account page. you can also view your account information in the famous footwear app. learn more. if you have a member number from signing up in a store but have not yet entered an email address for your account, click here to finish registering your account. how do i add a missing transaction to my account?don’t worry. you can add both in-store and online transactions to your account. it’s simple! if you forgot to give your membership information at the time of purchase, sign in to your account and select register a purchase. (if you haven't registered your account online yet, click here to finish the registration process.) if you have any trouble adding a transaction, please call us at 1-800-401-8888 . please note: we are unable to add transactions made before you joined the program. if you signed up in a store using your email address, click here to register on famous.com using the same name email you used in store. for online purchases, please wait until you have received your purchase, as you’ll need information from the packing slip. having trouble applying your discount?we’re here for you. contact us by phone at 1-888-869-1053, or email us. have more questions?we'd love to help. contact us by phone at 1-888-869-1053, or email us. famously you rewards® credit card how do i apply for the famously you rewards® credit card?to apply for the card, visit famous.com/creditcard or apply in the store. how do i apply for the famously you rewards® credit card?to apply for the card, visit famous.com/creditcard or apply in the store. do i have to be a famously you rewards member to apply for the credit card?yes. you need to enroll in the famously you rewards program prior to applying for the famously you rewards credit card. if you are not already a member of famously you rewards, you can join for free in-store or online at famousfootwear.com/account/sign-in. to learn more about the exciting perks of famously you rewards, visit famous.com/rewards. what benefits do i receive for being a famously you rewards credit cardmember?as a cardmember, you receive $10 off your first purchase with the card at the time of account opening*. plus, you can earn reward cash faster with an additional 1 point per $1 spent on the credit card plus the points you earn as a famously you rewards® member.** *application and approval must occur same day to receive the offer. offer only available at u.s. famous footwear stores or outlets, or at famous.com if shipping is in the contiguous u.s. $10 offer can be combined with reward cash and one additional redeemable coupon, a bonus point offer, and promotional merchandise discounts. valid one time only. maximum of $10 off. excludes purchases on famous footwear gift cards. **offer only available at u.s. famous footwear® stores or outlets, or at famous.com. excludes taxes, shipping, and purchase of famous footwear gift cards. famously you rewards® members must identify themselves as members at checkout in-store or log into their famously you rewards account online to earn points toward reward cash as both a member and as a credit cardholder. offer is exclusive to famously you rewards credit card holders enrolled in the famously you rewards program. this rewards program is provided by famous footwear and its terms may change at any time. for full rewards terms and conditions, please see www.famousfootwear.com/terms-and-conditions. credit card offers are subject to credit approval. famously you rewards credit card accounts are issued by comenity capital bank. can i save the famously you rewards credit card in my online account?yes! you can save the famously you rewards credit card as your preferred payment method online. this makes checkout quick and easy, plus it ensures you get credit toward cardmember reward cash when you shop with us online. to save your card, sign in to your account on famous.com, select the payments tab, then select “add/edit saved payment method(s).” can i use my famously you rewards credit card on the same day that i apply for the card?yes, if you are approved for the card in-store or online, you will be able to use your newly opened account the same day and receive $10 off your first purchase at the time of account opening.* *application and approval must occur same day to receive the offer. offer only available at u.s. famous footwear® stores or outlets, or at famous.com. $10 offer can be combined with reward cash, one additional redeemable coupon, a bonus point offer, and promotional merchandise discounts. valid one time only. maximum of $10 off. excludes purchases of famous footwear gift cards. do famously you rewards credit card reward points expire?yes, all famously you rewards points expire upon 365 days of issuance if not converted to reward cash. how do i earn reward cash faster with the famously you rewards credit card?you can earn 1 point per $1 spent on the famously you rewards credit card. in addition you can earn as a famousy you rewards member, that means you can reach rewards cash faster. how do i get my $10 off?the $10 will be deducted from your first card purchase when you open and use the card at the time of account opening. how do i pay my famously you rewards credit card online?to make a payment on your famously you rewards credit card, please visit the account center (famously you rewards credit card): [ https://d.comenity.net/ac/famousfootwear/public/home ] simply, register or log in, then follow the prompts to add a checking account number and bank routing number. how do i receive the free shipping associated with becoming a famously you rewards credit card holder? how fast is the shipping etc.?free standard shipping for famously you rewards members, no minimum. free shipping is valid in the contiguous us for members who are signed in during checkout. if i don't have my famously you rewards credit card, is there a way to look up/obtain my credit card number so that i can make a purchase?yes! when checking out in store, just tell the store associate that you would like to pay using your famously you rewards credit card and would like to look up your account. you will be asked to show a valid form of identification and enter some information on the pin pad to confirm that it's you. for online purchases, you will need your physical card to check out. if you can't find your card, please contact comenity capital bank by calling [1-800-433-0091, tdd/tty: 1-888-819-1918 ] what if i have to return the item purchased with my $10 off?if you need another size, you can do an even exchange. however, if you want to make a return, you will receive credit for the amount paid and the $10 will not be refunded. how do i earn reward cash faster with the famously you rewards credit card?earn 1 point per $1 spent on the famously you rewards credit card in addition to the points you earn as a famously you rewards member. that means you earn reward cash faster. ** where can i see my earned cardmember reward cash?to see your detailed earnings, sign in to your account on famous.com or the app. is there any limit to the amount of reward cash i can earn?famously you rewards members can earn up to $250 reward cash, plus cardmembers can earn up to an additional $250 reward cash with credit card purchases. you can earn up to $500 reward cash per year. see terms & conditions. will using the famously you rewards credit card affect my ability to earn superstar benefits?your charges to the card will apply toward the $200 spend needed each year to earn superstar benefits. just be sure to log in when you shop online and provide your member number in-store. where can i view my credit card balance?to view statements and pay your bill, visit account center at comenity.net/famousfootwear. please note that you will have to register at account center to manage your account online. what if i spend less than $10 on my first purchase with the card?you will be credited for up to $10 on your first purchase. if you spend less than $10, you will be credited for the amount of your purchase and the remaining difference is forfeited. can i pay my bill in the store?yes, you can pay your bill in-store, by mail, or online at comenity.net/famousfootwear. what do i do if i lose my card? if you lose your card, please call 1-800-433-0091 (tdd/tty 1-888-819-1918). are there any other cardmember benefits?there will be special cardmember offers from time to time. watch your email and billing statement for details. how do i contact customer service for any issues with my famously you rewards credit card?please contact comenity capital bank by calling [1-800-433-0091, tdd/tty: 1-888-819-1918 ] stores how do i return or exchange items bought at a store?if you find yourself not liking the style or fit, or simply change your mind, come back to see us at any store. no box? no receipt? no problem! we’re happy to look up your receipt with the credit/debit card used for the original purchase or by using your famously you rewards® account. if we can’t look up your original receipt, we’ll issue a refund in the form of store credit at the current selling price. there is no stocking fee for returns or exchanges. we reserve the right to limit or deny returns or exchanges regardless of receipt.* *note: we may collect information from you to help manage our return/exchange process, to assist in protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and to help manage our relationship with you. find a store can you tell me the hours of operation for a specific store?store hours are not consistent at every location (we cannot include opening and closing times on our website, as the hours can differ by day and store). you may want to contact the store location that you will be visiting for their exact hours of operation. however, hours of most famous footwear stores are as follows: monday - saturday: 10 am to 9 pm sunday: 12 pm to 6 pm how can i provide feedback regarding my recent store visit?we welcome your feedback regarding your recent store visit. please contact us. when contacting us about your experience, please be sure to provide the following information: store location visited (street address, plaza name and city, or store number). date of visit. name of associate (if known). your name. the best phone number to reach you (should any follow up be needed). do you offer a military discount?we are proud to offer a 10% discount to all active, reserve, and retired members of the u.s. armed forces at famous footwear and famous footwear outlet stores. a valid active, reserve, or retired government-issued military i.d. card must be presented at the time of purchase. this discount is valid only for the active, reserve, or retired military member to whom it is issued. the military member to whom the i.d. is issued must be present at the time of purchase. family members using the member's i.d. card without the member present cannot receive the discount. military family member i.d. cards are not eligible for the military discount. i.d. cards for civilian employees of the department of defense or other agencies are not valid for the military discount. the military discount is valid on accessories and clearance items, but regular product exclusions apply. the military discount cannot be combined with any other coupons (other than reward cash). it can be combined with bogo 1/2 off or other store-wide promotions. the military discount is valid in store only. it is not valid online. how can i track an order i placed in a store?you may track a home delivery order by visiting our website here, and selecting the first option: in store (for home delivery). wanna talk? we're here to listen. no matter what you need, we're here to help. call us 1-888-869-1053 email us drop us a line > hours of operation: mon-fri. 9:00 am - 6:00 pm ct sat. 10:00 am - 5:00 pm ct se habla español find a store sign up for special offers & trend updates by entering your email, you agree to receive emails from us about new products, exclusive offers, and updates. please see our privacy policy to learn more about how we use your information. this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and google terms of service apply. thank you for subscribing  join famously you rewards® to enjoy free shipping every day & earn reward cash good on any pair. free shipping for members plus, return your purchase to any store, at any time. famous gift cards fits every time! physical card or instant egift card. famously fast pickup order online, pick up in store or at the curb. plus, members earn a bonus reward! pay your way enjoy zip, the famously you rewards® credit card and more. connect with us popular categories sneakers & athletic shoes boots sandals women's heels slip on shoes running shoes loafers & oxfords kids sale stores famously fast pickup find a store famously you sign in / join now learn more credit card mobile app rewards terms help faq / contact us shipping & returns exclusions track my order gift cards shoe size charts pay your way unsubscribe from email accessibility do not sell or share my personal info about us about us careers soles4souls ticket to dream site map eco-conscious famously you rewards® credit card manage card privacy policy terms & conditions supply chain act © 2024 caleres, inc.