来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231003112/http://www.thelimited.com/contactus
================================================================================

email support & live chat | customer service & contact us | the limited free shipping on all orders of $125 or more 30% off brand new arrivals 50% off select full-price skirts extra 50% off sale items 30% off brand new arrivals exclusions apply. 50% off full-price skirts exclusions apply. extra 50% off sale items free shipping with $125 purchase. details. free basic shipping to united states addresses (including territories and apo/fpo addresses) valid for a limited time only on orders placed at thelimited.com with a $125 minimum pre-tax purchase total after any promotion, coupon, discount or offer has been applied. orders of $124.99 or less will be shipped at a flat rate of $8.95. free shipping is not available and additional fees apply for preferred, second-day and next-day shipping methods. taxes, shipping fees, purchases of gift cards and charges for gift boxes/wrap are excluded from the minimum dollar amount to receive the free basic shipping discount. offer not valid at the limited stores, the limited outlets or on international orders. no adjustments to prior purchases will be made and offer not valid for cash. find stores email sign-up my account close log in new account track orders / returns search wish lists go shopping bag view bag new arrivals shop by category new this week dresses sweaters & cardigans blouses & shirts tops & tees pants exact stretch pants denim leggings jackets & blazers outerwear skirts suits lounge jewelry handbags accessories online exclusives shop by trend emerald obsession perfect prints tunic shop online shops sweaters & leggings vacation shop lounge shop holiday must-haves essential tops the work shop black & white shop online exclusives exclusive offers customer favorites as seen in can't miss deals early access top looks top looks new look of leadership limited catalog social stream apparel dresses sweaters & cardigans blouses & shirts tops & tees camis & tanks pants exact stretch pants denim leggings jackets & blazers outerwear skirts shorts suits sleepwear petites new arrivals dresses sweaters & cardigans blouses & shirts tops & tees pants exact stretch pants denim leggings jackets & blazers outerwear skirts shorts suits tall new arrivals dresses sweaters & cardigans blouses & shirts tops & tees pants exact stretch pants denim leggings jackets & blazers outerwear skirts suits luxe lounge accessories jewelry necklaces earrings bracelets everyday jewelry hair accessories accessories winterwear handbags scarves belts tights luxe st. jude sale extra 50% off all sale items dresses sweaters blouses & shirts tops & tees pants denim jackets skirts shorts lounge petites tall jewelry handbags accessories final sale home >customer service >contact us contact us customer service your orderplace an orderorder trackingcoupons & promotionsgift cardsgift certificates & merchandise creditsprices & taxesvirtual dollarsmy accountyour accountthe limited credit cardsthe limited credit cardsapply nowpay your billrewards terms & conditionscard holder appreciationshipping informationshipping rates & timeframesinternational shippingapo/fpo/dpo shippingdhl express estimated global transit timesdhl globalmail parcel direct estimated global transitreturns & exchangesreturns/exchangesreturn/exchange by mailreturn/exchange giftsprice adjustmentspre-authorizations & overchargessize & fitsize & fitgifts & gift cardsgifts & gift cardsthe limited gift cardsgift card purchasevirtual gift card purchaseredemption instructionscontact uscontact usour companyour companysun capital partners, inc.social responsibilitycode of conductcareerscareersbenefitscorporate positionsdistrict manager positionsstore manager positionsall other store positionsholiday associatesfaqstop questions askedorder informationshopping onlinethe limited credit cardpaypalgift certificates & merchandise creditspromotions & mailingsreturns & exchanges faqreserve in storeprivacy & securityprivacy policyca privacy policylegal noticeslegal noticesterms of usesocial media termsratings & reviewsratings & reviewsreview guidelinesterms & conditionspaypalpaypal many answers can be found in our faq section. if you are unable to locate an answer, please contact us using the form below. your inquiry is important to us; we typically respond within 3-5 business days. *required fields * first name {label:"first name"} middle name {label:"middle name"} * last name {label:"last name"} * email {label:"email"} * telephone {label:"telephone"} order number {label:"order number"} (or store location) * subject please select order inquiries / tracking merchandise feedback and inquiries the limited card inquiries in-store feedback online returns & exchanges in-store returns & exchanges gift card/virtual gift card technical issues website feedback add, update or remove: emails, mailings, call list hr/careers press/media inquiries {label:"subject"} * comments {label:"comments"} privacy policy | terms & conditions send 1-877-ltd-1963 1-877-583-1963 phone options menu the limited credit card gift cards customer service contact by mail store related: the limited p.o. box 182651 columbus, oh 43218-2651 website related: the limited 5389 east provident drive cincinnati, oh 45246 › returns/exchanges the limited card: credit services 1-800-888-3257 tdd / tty 1-800-695-1788 monday — saturday, 8:00am — 9:00pm et › thelimitedcard.com welcome! this privacy policy is intended to explain what types of information we collect about you, and how we use and share that information. one section of this privacy policy also addresses what happens with information we collect on the limited pages on social media sites, such as facebook, twitter, and youtube ("social media pages"). this privacy policy applies only to the information collected online by thelimited.com and affiliates or through our social media pages. what type of information does thelimited.com collect online? what type of information does the limited collect on its social media sites? how does thelimited.com use the information collected online? use of technology to serve our advertising and your choices. what information does thelimited.com share with third parties? choice – opt out visitors from outside the u.s. updating your personal information privacy of children on our website links to other websites and services updates to privacy policy security statement questions or concerns what type of information does thelimited.com collect online? 1. collection of personal information: thelimited.com may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update an account on this site, sign up to receive emails or texts from the limited or other marketing materials, make a purchase, create or update your wish list, send items to a friend, view your order history, participate in contests and surveys, submit a career profile or contact us. categories of personal information collected online include name, billing and shipping address information, email address, telephone number, mobile number, payment card information, recipient's name, address and email address, items purchased combined with your other personal information, résumé information and any other information you choose to provide us. 2. information observed or collected through technology: navigational information. thelimited.com gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our website and information about the technical efficiencies of our website and services (i.e., time to connect to our website, time to download pages, etc.). in the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, and service provider) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor's use of our website. cookies. a cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer or device. cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive or in your device’s memory and tracks information about your clicks as you go through the pages within our website. some of the cookies we use to collect this information may be “flash” cookies or adobe® cookies, which are similar to traditional cookies, but reside in adobe flash player rather than your browser. pixel tags. a pixel tag is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a webpage or in an email message. pixel tags collect the same information about your visit that is collected through cookies, as noted above. pixel tags in emails allow us to collect information regarding your receipt of, and response to, our emails. back to top what type of information does the limited collect on its social media sites? personal information may be collected directly by the limited through social media pages and may also be collected by the social media site hosting the limited's social media page. personal information collected directly by the limited: the collection of personal information directly by the limited on its social media pages will include the type of information addressed under "collection of personal information" above. examples of how personal information may be directly collected on the limited's social media pages include providing information through an application or form which has a link to this privacy policy. we will use and share the information we collect on our social media pages in the manner specified below in "how does thelimited.com use the information collected online?" and in “what information does thelimited.com share with third parties?” personal information collected by the social media sites: this privacy policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which the limited has social media pages. please review privacy policies and terms of service on the social media sites if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices. while not personal information, the social media sites where the limited has its social media pages may provide aggregate information and analysis to the limited about visitors' use of our social media pages. this allows us to better understand and analyze our user growth, general demographic information about the users of our social media pages, and interaction with content on our social media pages. overall, this information may be used to help us understand the types of visitors and users of our social media pages and use of the content. back to top how does thelimited.com use the information collected online? 1. information you provide. thelimited.com uses the information you provide to: deliver products that you have ordered, contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order delay or difficulty, deliver information about our products, events, promotions or website (including marketing information) through the various communication channels you have provided to us, including adding you to our email list or to our customer phone and mail marketing list when you register for an account or make a purchase, send information about surveys to you, tailor your experience with us to your interests by using the information you provide to determine those interests, develop our products, services and website, and respond to your inquiries. if you have set up an account at this site you may save personal information in that account, such as name and shipping information, and we will access this saved information to make your shopping quicker and easier. we require you to create and/or access your account to use various services on the website, such as your order history and wish list. because you must create or access your account prior to using these services, it is possible that we could associate you with the information you provide through these services. we will use the information you provide in a career profile, including in your résumé, to assist in your goal of becoming an associate with the limited and, if hired, we will use the information submitted for employment and business-related purposes. with respect to the limited emails and text messages, we use that information to provide you with exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products and much more. 2. information collected through technology. information gathered through technology is used by us to determine such things as which parts of our website are most visited or used, what products are browsed and/or purchased, the effectiveness of our websites and advertisements, and difficulties visitors may experience in accessing our websites. cookies and pixel tags may be used to tell us whether thelimited.com has been previously visited by you or someone using your computer, what products or portions of the website you may have viewed or products added to your shopping bag. the information collected through technology may be associated with other information such as your ip address, name, purchases made, your contact information, your actions in response to our communications with you. this is then used to enhance and personalize your online browsing and shopping experience, to market and promote our products, events, and services, and those of third parties, to you and to assist in the administration of your use of features and programs on our site, and to determine the display of content and advertising based on your interests on third party sites where you may visit. 3. information collected by us on social media pages. the limited uses the information collected on its social media pages to send communications regarding our products, services, and promotions; to respond to your inquiries; to conduct surveys, sweepstakes or contests; to analyze your activity on our social media pages; and to develop our products and services. back to top use of technology to serve our advertising and your choices. we may elect to use third-party advertising companies to serve tailored online display and banner advertisements and allow them to collect information by placing cookies and using pixel tags when you choose to visit and when you visit thelimited.com. these companies may use information about your choice to visit and your visits to our site and other websites to provide advertisements about the limited's products and services, and those of third parties, on this and other websites. online advertisements may be customized to your interests and preferences, based on information learned about you as you use our websites and the web in general. these advertising companies may also provide information to us which we would use to gauge the effectiveness of the advertisements they place about our products and services and for marketing purposes. to learn about opt out programs that these third-party advertising companies participate in and the effect of opting out, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. you can also click on the icon that may appear on some of our advertising served through these companies. please be aware that our website systems may not recognize “do not track” header signals from browsers. back to top what information does thelimited.com share with third parties? we may use third-party vendors to help us provide services to you, such as monitoring site activity; hosting the website; assisting us with our social media pages; providing promotional strategy; processing orders; running promotions, events and surveys; maintaining our database; providing store locator services; processing employment applications; and administering and monitoring emails and text messages. we may make names and addresses collected online available to other companies. if you provide us your email address after march 12, 2010 (including updating your email information), provided you have not opted out of receiving marketing emails from us, your email address may also be shared with other companies, so that those businesses may send you information about their products. when you send an email from thelimited.com to a friend, we will send your selected recipient your email address, message, and your selected outfit or item(s). we may include an opportunity for the recipient to sign up to receive promotional materials from thelimited.com. comenity bank issues and owns the limited credit card accounts. if you apply online for a the limited credit card with comenity bank and, once opened, you further elect to pay your account online, you will be providing your personal information directly to comenity bank and the information you provide to comenity bank would be subject to comenity bank's privacy policies. there is a possibility that the limited could merge with, acquire, or be acquired by another business entity, or be involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control. if such an action occurs, some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared with this entity and may also be retained by the limited. you should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our website, the website or the public. back to top choice – opt out 1. email if at any time you would like to stop future delivery of the limited marketing emails, please follow the removal instructions located at the end of each marketing message. please note, however, that opting out of these emails will not stop operational or transactional emails, such as order confirmation and shipping emails or customer service emails. 2. text messages if you've signed up for mobile text messaging offers from the limited but later decide you no longer wish to receive them, you can follow the opt-out instructions provided at the time you signed up for text messages or the instructions that may be included in the text messages you receive. 3. cookies through the use of privacy settings on your browser it is possible (depending on the browser version) to block or delete cookies. some parts of the website may not operate correctly if you disable cookies, and you may not be able to take advantage of some of the website’s features. flash cookies will not be affected by any browser setting changes you make related to cookies. you can remove flash cookies by going to http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/ [insert link] and following the instructions on that page. 4. name and mailing address if you would prefer that we not share your name and mailing address with other companies (other than third parties who provide services to thelimited.com), please call us at 1-877-ltd-1963 (1-877-583-1963). back to top visitors from outside the u.s. if you are visiting thelimited.com from a location outside of the u.s., your connection will be through and to servers located in the u.s. all information you provide to thelimited.com will be maintained in web servers and/or internal systems located within the u.s. with respect to personal information you provide to the limited on its social media pages, once received from the social media sites, it is maintained and processed by us on servers and internal systems located in the u.s. back to top updating your personal information we prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. to do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your thelimited.com account when you log in. privacy of children on our website to ensure compliance with federal law, thelimited.com does not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13. back to top links to other websites and services for your convenience, our website may contain links to other websites. thelimited.com is not responsible for the privacy practices, advertising, products or the content of such websites. links that appear on thelimited.com should not necessarily be deemed to imply that thelimited.com endorses or has any affiliation with the linked websites. we encourage you to review the separate privacy policies of each site you visit. back to top updates to privacy policy as thelimited.com continues to offer visitors new and different types of content and services, thelimited.com may modify its information collection, use or disclosure practices. should there be a material change to our information collection, use or disclosure practices, it will be applied only to information collected on a going-forward basis, and we will update this privacy policy. back to top security statement thelimited.com has imposed confidentiality obligations on its service providers who will have access to the personal information collected on this site. in addition, we have implemented administrative, technical and physical measures to address the confidentiality of personal information collected on this website. while we implement the above security measures for this website, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible. back to top questions or concerns if you have additional questions or would like more information on this topic, please feel free to contact us at: limited stores client relations p.o. box 182651 columbus, oh 43218-2651 privacypolicy@thelimited.com back to top this privacy policy is effective march 2014 please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website or submitting text, artwork, photographs, product ideas, video, audio, and images that you generate. these terms and conditions apply to all visitors to or users of the limited's website, the homepage of which is at thelimited.com (this "website"). in addition, we have specific terms of use for customer product reviews which can be found by clicking here. your use of this website confirms your unconditional acceptance of the following terms and conditions. if you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not use this website. 1. copyright notice and use of website. the design of this website and all text, graphics, information, content, and other material displayed on or that can be downloaded from this website are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws and may not be used except as permitted in these terms and conditions or with prior written permission of the owner of such material. the software and other technological components of this website and the website as a compilation are © 2012, demandware, inc. or its affiliates and suppliers. the contents (including without limitation, the look and feel, all text, photographs, images, video and audio) of this website are © 2012, the limited or their respective affiliates and suppliers. all rights reserved. you may not modify the information or materials displayed on or that can be downloaded from this website in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, distribute or otherwise use any such information or materials for any public or commercial purpose. you may not copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, post, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license or otherwise exploit this website. any unauthorized use of any such information or materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and other laws and regulations and is prohibited. in the event of a violation of these laws and regulations, the limited reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity. the limited reserves the right to block or deny access to the website to anyone at any time for any reason. 2. trademarks. the limited ("we") and our affiliated companies retain all rights regarding our trademarks, trade names, brand names and trade dress. these marks, names or trade dress, and all associated logos or images, are registered and/or common law trademarks of the limited and its affiliates and are protected by u.s. and international laws and treaties. no license to the use of such marks, names or trade dress is granted to you under these terms and conditions or by your use of the thelimited.com website. your misuse of the trademarks displayed on the thelimited.com website is strictly prohibited. you are also advised that the limited will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of civil remedies and criminal prosecution. 3. user submissions. the website permits the submission of user-submitted ratings and reviews in addition to the submission of other user-submitted text, artwork, photographs, product ideas, video, audio, and images ("user submissions"). you understand that such user submissions may be accessed and viewed by others, including by the general public, and, whether or not such user submissions are published, the limited does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any user submissions. you are solely responsible for your own user submissions and the consequences of publishing them on the website. by submitting user submissions, you hereby grant to the limited an unrestricted, nonexclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable and irrevocable license and right, but not the obligation, to use, edit, alter, copy, reproduce, disclose, display, publish, remove, prepare derivative works from, perform, distribute, exhibit, broadcast, or otherwise exploit the user submissions, in whole or in part, in any form, media or technology, now known or hereafter developed including, without limitation, broadcast and cable television, radio, mobile transmission, and the internet, for any purpose whatsoever including, without limitation, advertising, promotion, entertainment or commercial purposes, without any payment to or further authorization by you. under the license granted herein, the limited shall be free to use any ideas or concepts contained in the user submissions without further attribution, compensation or notice to you. the limited does not endorse any user submissions or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein. the limited reserves the right to determine in its sole discretion whether user submissions are appropriate and comply with these terms of use, including without limitation, the prohibited uses of website and services, review guidelines and other applicable rules and restrictions, and whether or not to allow the uploading and/or removal of any user submissions. in connection with user submissions, you affirm, represent, and warrant to the limited that: (i) the content of your user submission(s) is original (no lifts from previously published material, including music); (ii) you own all right, title and interest to your user submission(s) and have the sole and exclusive right (including all intellectual property and other proprietary rights embodied by the user submissions or represented by such user submissions) to license all of the rights therein to the limited as set forth in the license granted above; (iii) use of your user submission(s) on the website or otherwise by the limited, in whole or in part, will not infringe upon the rights of any third party including, without limitation, any intellectual property or privacy rights; and (iv) you have obtained written permission from any other person named, photographed or otherwise depicted or whose voice is used in your user submission(s) which will allow the limited to utilize the user submission(s) without compensation. for clarity, the limited obtains the license above, but does not claim ownership of your user submission(s). 4. prohibited uses of website and services. you shall not post, transmit, redistribute, upload, or promote any communications, content or materials that (a) contain corrupted files, viruses, or any other similar software files, the intent of which is to damage the operation of another’s computer; (b) are unlawful, threatening, harassing, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, hateful, profane, indecent, racially or ethnically derogatory, or otherwise objectionable; (c) contain chain letters or pyramid schemes; (d) contain any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or other forms of solicitation to other users, individuals or entities; (e) include any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers; (f) impersonate any person, business or entity, including our company and our employees and agents; (g) encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense; (h) give rise to civil liability; (i) otherwise violate any law (including, but not limited to, those governing consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising); or (j) in doing so, amount to any conduct that, in the judgment of the limited, restricts, impairs, interferes with or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the website and/or our related services and products. 5. notice of copyright infringement. the limited does not permit copyright infringing activities on the website, and the limited may remove any user submissions or other materials if properly informed that any such user submissions or other materials infringe on another’s copyright rights. the limited will terminate a user’s ability to submit user submissions if, under appropriate circumstances, such user is determined to be a repeat infringer. if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any user submissions or other material infringes upon your copyrights, you may notify the limited by providing the following information in writing: i. a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed; ii. identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists; iii. identification of the user submission or other material that is claimed to be infringing and a description of the infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit the limited to locate the same; iv. information reasonably sufficient to permit the limited to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address; v. a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the user submission or other material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and vi. a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed. our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: kelly reidenbach the limited 7775 walton parkway new albany, oh 43054 you acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements above, your notice may not be valid. 6. products, content and specifications. all features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on this website, are subject to change at any time without notice. certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. the limited makes all reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of its products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system, and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. the inclusion of any products or services on this website at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. all dvds, cds and similar products sold are for private, home-use (where no admission fee is charged), non-public performance and may not be duplicated. 7. shipping limitations. when an order is placed, it will be shipping to an address designated by the purchaser as long as that shipping address is compliant with the shipping restrictions contained on this website. all purchases from this website are made pursuant to a shipment contract. as a result, it may be necessary for you to file claims with carriers for damaged and/or lost shipments. 8. accuracy of information. we attempt to ensure that information on this website is complete, accurate and current. despite our efforts, the information on this website may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. we make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currentness of any information on this website. for example, products included on this website may be unavailable, quantities may be limited and may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated on this website. in addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. while it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. we reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. we also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order. 9. linking to this website. creating or maintaining any link from another website to any page on this website without our prior written permission is prohibited. running or displaying this website or any information or material displayed on this website in frames or through similar means on another website without our prior written permission is prohibited. any permitted links to this website must comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 10. special notice. the limited and its affiliates have a no-tolerance policy regarding the use of our trademarks or names in meta tags and/or hidden text. specifically, the use of our trademarks or names in meta tag keywords is trademark infringement, and the use of trademarks or names in page text, meta tags, and/or hidden text for purposes of gaining higher rankings from search engines is unfair competition. linking to any thelimited.com webpage is prohibited absent express written permission from the limited. framing, inline linking or other association of the thelimited.com website or its suppliers' software or html code, scripts, text, artwork, photographs, images, video, and audio with links, advertisements and/or other information not originating from the thelimited.com website is expressly prohibited. one or more patents may apply to this website, including without limitation: u.s. patent nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; and 6,029,142. 11. third-party links. periodically, links may be established from this website to one or more external websites or resources operated by third parties (the "third-party sites"). these links are provided for your convenience only. in addition, certain third-party sites also may provide links to the thelimited.com website. none of these links should be deemed to imply that the limited endorses the third-party sites or any content therein. the limited does not control and is not responsible or liable for any third-party sites or any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such third-party sites. access to any third-party site is at your own risk and the limited will have no liability arising out of or related to such websites and/or their content or for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any purchase, use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such third-party site. 12. your account. you may choose to create an account at our website. if you do, you will have an email address and password for your account. to protect your account, you should choose a username and password different than names, birthdays, or street addresses associated with you. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. 13. disclaimers. your use of this site is at your risk. the information, materials and services provided on or through this website are provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement of intellectual property. neither the limited, their suppliers, nor any of their respective affiliates warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, materials or services provided on or through this website. the information, materials and services provided on or through this website may be out of date, and neither the limited, its suppliers, nor any of their respective affiliates makes any commitment or assumes any duty to update such information, materials or services. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. all products and services purchased on or through this website are subject only to any applicable warranties of their respective manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, if any. to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, we hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including any implied warranties with respect to the products and services listed or purchased on or through this website. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we hereby expressly disclaim all liability for product defect or failure, claims that are due to normal wear, product misuse, abuse, product modification, improper product selection, non-compliance with any codes, or misappropriation. we make no warranties to those defined as "consumers" in the magnuson-moss warranty federal trade commission improvements act. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. 14. limitations of liability. neither the limited nor its suppliers assumes any responsibility, or will be liable, for any damages to, or any viruses that may infect, your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing this website, or your downloading of any information or materials from this website. in no event will the limited, or any of its respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, agents, successors or assigns, nor any party involved in the creation, production or transmission of this website or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, agents, successors or assigns, be liable to you or anyone else for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this website, any websites linked to this website, or the materials, information or services contained on any or all such websites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. the foregoing limitations of liability do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. in the event of any problem with this website or any content, you agree that your sole remedy is to cease using this website. in the event of any problem with the products or services that you have purchased on or through this website, you agree that your sole remedy, if any, is from the manufacturer of such products or supplier of such services, in accordance with such manufacturer's or supplier's warranty, or to seek a return and refund for such product or services in accordance with the returns and refunds policies posted on this website. 15. revisions to these terms and conditions. these terms and conditions may be revised at any time and from time to time by updating this posting. you agree to assume the responsibility to visit this page from time to time to review the current terms and conditions because they are binding on you. certain provisions of these terms and conditions may be superseded by legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this website. your continued use of this website after any changes to these terms and conditions are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes. 16. choice of law; jurisdiction. these terms and conditions supersede any other agreement between you and the limited to the extent necessary to resolve any inconsistency or ambiguity between them. these terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of ohio, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of or relating to this website will be brought only in the courts of the state of ohio or the united states district court for the southern district of ohio. a printed version of these terms and conditions will be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these terms and conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. 17. termination. you or we may suspend or terminate your account, your use of this website, or your ability to submit product reviews or ratings at any time, for any reason or for no reason. you are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred prior to termination. we reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of this website at any time without notice. 18. entire agreement. these terms and conditions serve as the entire understanding and agreement regarding the subject matter of these terms. if any provision of these terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you and the limited agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these terms remain in full force and effect. 19. electronic notice. you agree to transact with us and receive all notices regarding the website electronically. the limited will provide notices by posting them on the website, or, in some cases the limited may provide notice by email to registered users. to receive electronic notices, you must have access to the internet and an internet browser that operates either (i) on a windows-based operating system or (ii) an apple® macintosh-based operating system with software or a web browser for macintosh. you will need a printer attached to your personal computer to print any notices. you can retrieve an electronic copy and a printable version of the terms of service by clicking on the “terms of service” link at thelimited.com. you may withdraw your consent to receive notices electronically by discontinuing your use of the website. 20. security & technology. thelimited.com has imposed confidentiality obligations on our service providers who will have access to the personal information collected on this website. in addition, we have implemented administrative, technical and physical measures to address the confidentiality of personal information collected on this website. unfortunately, while we implement these security measures for this website, please be aware that 100% security is not always possible. also, due to the possibility of unforeseen complications in the online environment, the limited cannot guarantee you that this website will function without error or that this website or the enabling server will remain free of viruses or other harmful elements. about us store locator our company careers contact us site map in the press customer service order tracking shipping information returns & exchanges international shipping the limited credit card gift cards size chart legal privacy ca privacy policy legal notices ad technology join © 2015, limited stores, llc http://www.thelimited.com/sizes?cid=tops