来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191019000759/https://www.cutleryandmore.com/help-pricing-policy
================================================================================

cutlery and more customer service | (800) 650-9866 top brands all-clad bob kramer demeyere enso finex global greenpan kasumi kyocera lamson le creuset mac mauviel messermeister miyabi scanpan shun staub swiss diamond tojiro victorinox viking wellnessmats wusthof yaxell zwilling j.a. henckels cutlery shop by brand bob kramer enso global kasumi lamson mac messermeister miyabi nexus shun tojiro victorinox wusthof yaxell zwilling j.a. henckels shop by category blade guards & sheaths boning & fillet knives bread knives butcher knives carving & slicing knives carving forks cheese knives chef’s knives cleavers cutting boards kiritsuke knives knife sets knife sharpeners knife bags & rolls knife blocks & holders nakiri knives paring & peeling knives prep knives santoku knives utility knives steak knives shop by style american made knives german cutlery japanese knives carbon steel knives ceramic knives new cutlery best sellers exclusive cutlery cutlery sale & clearance browse all cutlery cookware shop by brand all-clad demeyere greenpan finex le creuset mauviel scanpan staub swiss diamond viking zwilling j.a. henckels shop by category accessories bakers & casseroles braisers & paella pans cookware sets dutch ovens fondue sets fry pans & skillets griddles & grill pans pressure cookers roasting pans saucepans & sauciers saute pans soup & stock pots specialty cookware tea kettles woks & stir fry pans shop by style american made cookware cast iron cookware ceramic cookware copper cookware nonstick cookware stainless steel cookware new cookware best sellers exclusive cookware cookware sale & clearance browse all cookware more shop brand collections boldric knife bags chef’s choice electric sharpeners cotton and dust cutting boards microplane graters peugeot salt & pepper mills swiss army knives vitamix blenders wellnessmats bakeware bbq tools cooking utensils cutting boards dinnerware & serveware electrics flatware kitchen tools personal care & manicure salt & pepper mills wine & bar tools cutlery and more exclusives sale & clearance free returns free shipping 100% secure gift cards contact us help track order cart top brands all-clad bob kramer demeyere enso finex global greenpan kasumi kyocera lamson le creuset mac mauviel messermeister miyabi scanpan shun staub swiss diamond tojiro victorinox viking wellnessmats wusthof yaxell zanmai zwilling j.a. henckels cutlery new cutlery best sellers sale & clearance exclusive cutlery shop by brand bob kramer enso global kasumi lamson mac messermeister miyabi nexus shun tojiro victorinox wusthof yaxell zwilling j.a. henckels shop cutlery boning & fillet knives bread knives butcher knives carving & slicing knives cheese knives chef’s knives cleavers kiritsuke knives knife sets nakiri knives paring & peeling knives prep knives santoku knives utility knives steak knives shop knife accessories blade guards & sheaths carving forks cutting boards knife bags & rolls knife blocks & holders knife sharpeners shop by style american made knives german cutlery japanese knives carbon steel knives ceramic knives cookware new cookware best sellers sale & clearance exclusive cookware shop by brand all-clad demeyere finex greenpan le creuset mauviel scanpan staub swiss diamond viking zwilling j.a. henckels shop cookware accessories bakers & casseroles braisers & paella pans cookware sets dutch ovens fondue sets fry pans & skillets griddles & grill pans pressure cookers roasting pans saucepans & sauciers saute pans soup & stock pots specialty cookware tea kettles woks & stir fry pans shop by style american made cookware cast iron cookware ceramic cookware copper cookware nonstick cookware stainless steel cookware more new arrivals sale & clearance shop more bakeware bbq tools cooking utensils cutting boards dinnerware & serveware electrics flatware kitchen tools personal care & manicure salt & pepper mills wine & bar tools shop brand collections boldric knife bags chef’s choice electric sharpeners cotton and dust cutting boards microplane graters peugeot salt & pepper mills swiss army knives vitamix blenders wellnessmats sale & clearance memorial day 20% off - shop now clearance sale - shop now free 2-day shipping on $99 of cutlery frequently asked questions returns & exchanges shipping & delivery privacy policy pricing policy help center track your order request a return contact us choose one of the help topics above, or scroll down to see our most frequently asked questions. not able to find the answers you need? email us. frequently asked questions do you offer free shipping? yes! we offer free standard shipping (up to 4 business days) to the 48 contiguous united states on orders over $49. in addition, if you purchase $99 of items from our cutlery category, your order will be upgraded to free 2 business day shipping. "business days" do not include weekends or holidays. estimated delivery date will be shown when selecting your shipping method during checkout.we also ship to canada at a discounted rate. please proceed to checkout to see your final landed cost. you will be able to review your order total before submitting your order. how do i track my order? to track your cutlery and more order, enter your order number and email address below. email order # do you offer free returns? yes! as long as you use a prepaid shipping label provided by us, we will cover your return shipping charges. to get a prepaid ups shipping label, please email us. be sure to let us know your order number, which items you would like to return and a reason for the return. please note that we are not able to reimburse any return shipping charges if you do not use our provided prepaid ups label. you can read our return policy here. how quickly will i receive my order? if you are able to add an item to your shopping cart on our website, that means that it is in stock. orders received before 1pm central time, monday through friday will be shipped same day. orders received after 1pm central time will ship the following business day. our standard shipping method will arrive within 4 business days (many times, sooner, as we ship from the midwest -- illinois). our 2-day shipping method will arrive within 2 business days, while our express shipping method arrives within 3 business days. we also offer a next day shipping option that will be delivered the next business day after shipment. business days do not include saturdays & sundays.sometimes when ordering a quantity of more than 1 of an item, we may not have enough inventory on hand to ship immediately. in these rare circumstances, we will reach out to you quickly to ask you how to proceed. wellness mats and cotton and dust cutting boards will ship directly from the manufacturer and require additional days to ship. please see the product pages for the shipping timeframes on these items. all other items ship from our warehouse by the following business day. once your order is prepared for shipment, you will receive an email notification with the scheduled delivery date and tracking information. do you only sell first quality merchandise? yes! we only sell first quality merchandise that we purchase directly from the manufacturers and we are an authorized retailer for every brand that we offer. sometimes customers see us selling an item at a very low price, but rest assured that it is always first quality. do you price match? we strive to offer the lowest prices on all of the items that we sell. we are even able to negotiate special deals with our suppliers and have many items that are exclusive to cutlery and more at terrific values. in the unlikely event that you find the same item elsewhere for less, just reach out to us and we will do our best to match the price. please note that we cannot match ebay or some third-party amazon sellers, as we only sell first quality merchandise and sometimes second quality merchandise pops up on those websites. do you ship internationally? at the current moment, we only ship within the us and canada. we are looking to expand this in the future, but at this time we cannot ship outside of this area. note that all prices on our website are in us dollars. which shipping methods do you use? depending on the order destination and size of the order, your order may arrive via ups or usps priority mail. how do i use my cutlery and more gift card? if you have received a cutlery and more electronic gift card, you are able to apply on our website during the checkout process. simply start your checkout and enter in your billing and shipping information, and then there will be an option to apply a gift card on the order review page. if you have any issues, please email us. our customer service team is happy to assist. what happens if the item i received is defective or damaged? we work hard to ensure that all items that we ship are free of defects and are packaged extremely well to handle the rigors of shipping carriers. in the rare event that you receive a damaged or defective item, please email us as soon as possible or call us at (800) 650-9866. we will work quickly to expedite you a replacement and if we require the item back, we will cover all shipping charges. most of the time we will even add extra padding and double check the replacement item to be sure that the replacement is perfect! your satisfaction is of the utmost importance to us. do you charge sales tax? we collect state sales tax on items shipping to the following states: al, ar, az, ca, co, ct, dc, ga, hi, ia, id, il, in, ks, ky, la, ma, md, me, mi, mn, nc, nd, ne, nj, nm, nv, ny, oh, ok, pa, ri, sc, sd, tn, tx, ut, va, vt, wa, wi, wv, wy. cutlery and more will collect the simplified sellers use tax on transaction(s) delivered into alabama and the tax will be remitted on the customer's behalf to the alabama department of revenue. cutlery and more’s program account number is ssu-r010308633. in other states where we don't collect sales tax, it may be the customer's responsibility to assure that all appropriate state use taxes are paid. which payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express cards via our secure checkout. we also accept payment via our paypal checkout, where you may use any card or balance associated with your paypal account. sorry, but we do not accept checks or money orders. can i call you? of course! we are here to assist, monday through saturday from 9am to 5pm central time. whether you have a question about an item shown on our website, a question about your order or if you are looking to place an order over the phone, we are happy to help at (800) 650-9866. as of right now, our phone assistance is temporarily suspended. we encourage you to contact us through email if you have any item or order-related questions. returns & exchanges do you offer free return shipping? yes! as long as you use a prepaid shipping label provided by us, we will cover your return shipping charges. to get a prepaid ups shipping label, please contact us. be sure to let us know your order number, which items you would like to return and a reason for the return. please note that we are not able to reimburse any return shipping charges if you do not use our provided prepaid ups label. what do i do if the item i received is damaged or defective? please email us or call (800) 650-9866. be sure to include your order number and the explain the issue with the item(s) that you have received. our customer service team is happy to quickly assist you with a replacement product. how do i return an item? email us or call (800) 650-9866. be sure to include your order number, the items you would like to return and the reason for returning. our customer service team is happy to assist you with your return. please be sure to read our return policy below. what is your return policy? items may be returned as long as they are unused and include all original parts and packaging. items returned within 90 days from the date of purchase are eligible for a refund. refunds will be issued back to the original payment method or, if requested, issued in the form of a cutlery and more gift card.we will not accept the return of any used items, nor will we accept any returns after 90 days from the date of purchase. all items must be returned in the original packaging. in the event that a returned item causes the original order to no longer qualify for any gift with purchase that may have been offered originally, the gift(s) must also be returned in order to receive a full refund.to make a return:1.email us or call (800) 650-9866. be sure to let us know your order number, the items you would like to return and the reason for returning.2.package all items securely and safely into the original shipping box. print and tape the prepaid ups label provided by our customer service team to the outside of the shipping box. be sure to include all original parts and packaging.3.drop off at your local ups store or give to a ups driver.4.please allow up to 7 business days for us to process your return. refunds will be issued back to the original payment method or, if requested, issued in the form of a cutlery and more gift card that will be sent via email.any items returned to us without contacting prior, will be refused. how do i make an exchange? if you're not happy with the item that you received and would like something else, please email us or by call (800) 650-9866. shipping do you offer free shipping? yes! we offer free standard shipping (up to 4 business days) to the 48 contiguous united states on orders over $49. in addition, if you purchase $99 of items from our cutlery category, your order will be upgraded to free 2 business day shipping. "business days" do not include weekends or holidays. estimated delivery date will be shown when selecting your shipping method during checkout.we also ship to canada at a discounted rate. please proceed to checkout to see your final landed cost. you will be able to review your order total before submitting your order. do you ship to p.o. boxes or military apo/fpo addresses? at this time, we are not able to ship to po boxes or apo/fpo addresses as ups does not deliver to these destinations. how can i change or cancel my order? to change or cancel your order, email us or call us at (800) 650-9866. please note that we strive to ship your order as quickly as possible and sometimes we are unable to make any changes, but we will try our best. order changes and cancellations cannot be made after your order has been packaged and prepared for shipment. will my package(s) require a signature upon delivery? we typically do not require a signature upon delivery. however, if ups is unable to leave the package in a secure location, they may require a signature. this may include apartment buildings, gated homes and communities, condo complexes, etc.if you are using our paypal checkout, a signature will be required on all orders over $749.99 as per paypal policy. what does "ships from manufacturer" mean? while most items ship from our warehouse, some items are marked as "ships from manufacturer." this means that the item will be shipped directly from the manufacturer to you within the specified number of days.items that ship from manufacturer include cotton and dust (ships within 14 days) and wellnessmats (ships within 7 days). when will my order ship? orders placed by 1pm ct will be shipped out that same business day. orders placed after 1pm ct will be shipped out the following business day. business days do not include weekends, holidays or days that ups does not operate, such as new year's day, memorial day, independence day, labor day, thanksgiving day or christmas day. standard shipping express shipping second day shipping next day shipping ships on receive by ships on receive by ships on receive by ships on receive by monday friday monday thursday monday wednesday monday tuesday tuesday monday tuesday friday tuesday thursday tuesday wednesday wednesday tuesday wednesday monday wednesday friday wednesday thursday thursday wednesday thursday tuesday thursday monday thursday friday friday thursday friday wednesday friday tuesday friday monday saturday friday saturday thursday saturday wednesday saturday tuesday sunday friday saturday thursday saturday wednesday saturday tuesday do you ship to hawaii and alaska? yes! we ship to alaska and hawaii and the rates are the same as the "2-day" shipping rates. what do you charge for shipping? order total standard second day next day excludes tax rate rate rate $0-$48.99 $7.99 $19.99 $29.99 $49-$148.99 free $29.99 $39.99 $149-$349.99 free $39.99 $49.99 $350+ free $49.99 $59.99 privacy policy cutlery and more has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. the following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website cutleryandmore.com. please review the details below. why we collect & use information we may use the information we collect for the following primary reasons: 1.product & service fulfillment 2.marketing, promotions & advertising 3.internal operations 4.fraud prevention, security & compliance we may combine information collected from different sources. what we collect & share we collect information from a variety of sources, including: information provided by you, transaction information, technology-enabled collections, and information we collect about you from third party sources. cutlery and more will never sell your information to any third party. managing your preferences email communications we may use your information to send you relevant marketing messages about cutlery and more and the products that we offer. however, we want to send you information only if you want to hear from us. if you do not wish to receive any marketing communications from us, please use the "unsubscribe" link found at the bottom of our emails to you. if you are having difficulty unsubscribing, please email us to request removal from our marketing list. cookies when you visit our web sites, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. we may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us. a cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site. a session cookie expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). a persistent cookie stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available. we use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our web site and other web sites of interest to you. we also use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our web sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns.we partner with retargeting companies, such as google, to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. these companies may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information such as ip address, pages viewed and if a conversion occurred during your visit to this website in order to help show more advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. to learn more about this "behavioral advertising" practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information you can visit www.networkadvertising.orgnote: if you block cookies from cutleryandmore.com you will not be able to make purchases on our website. safeguarding information this site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. we offer a secure socket layer server on our ordering pages by which you will send your ordering information and is able to be viewed only by cutlery and more. elgibility you must be at least 13 years old to use our website. if you are a minor, depending on your state of residence, your parent or legal guardian must agree to our policies on your behalf and give you permission to access and use our website. california customer privacy rights california residents have certain privacy rights under the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”). below describes those rights and how you can utilize them. right to know and right to deletion you can request the personal information we have collected and used in the preceding 12 months. you can request that we delete the personal information we have collected. we may not delete all of the personal information we have collected under the following exceptions: • the information is needed to complete a transaction. • the information is needed to detect a security incident or correct errors. • the information is needed to protect against fraud or other illegal activity. to request information about or opt-out of our data collection methods please contact our customer service toll-free at 800-650-9866 or customerservice@cutleryandmore.com. we may request additional information to verify your identity. please note that if we delete your personal information many or our services will not work the same. non-discrimination we will not discriminate against a customer should they exercise any of their rights under the ccpa. we will not deny future purchases, charge a different price, or provide any lessor quality goods or services. contacting us if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:cutlery and more, llc135 prairie lake roadeast dundee, il 60118(800) 650-9866(847) 586-0545 pricing policy our goal is to provide a clear pricing policy that is easy to understand so that you can make a sound decision on whether or not to purchase the item. sometimes, a price may be denoted as "special" "price drop" or "clearance". you may also see a "was" price shown in gray. special items marked as "special" refers an item that is currently priced lower than a price that we have previously advertised the item at. the "was" price shown in gray refers to the manufacturer's suggested retail price or the price that we have previously advertised the item at. price drop items marked as "price drop" refers to an item that has recently dropped in price. in these cases, the "was" price shown in gray refers to our previously advertised price for that particular item. clearance items marked as "clearance" are items that have been marked down from what we have previously advertised the item at. "clearance" items are while supplies last. we are not able to accept any backorders for "clearance" items. all prices on our website are displayed in us dollars and do not include any taxes that we may have to charge. to see your final order total, please proceed to check out on our website. you will be able to review your order and all applicable tax and shipping charges prior to placing your order. free shippingon orders over $49 free returns expert service(800) 650-9866 100% safe & securecheckout customerservice@cutleryandmore.com (800) 650-9866 mon-sat 9am to 5pm ct sign up for emails follow us shop new arrivals top brands gift cards clearance help order tracking shipping details return policy contact us policies privacy policy pricing policy © 1999-2020 cutlery and more, llc 135 prairie lake road, east dundee, il 60118 (800) 650-9866