来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211230194016/https://www.cutleryandmore.com/help-returns
================================================================================

cutlery and more customer service | (800) 650-9866 skip to content menu shop black friday 🎉 top brands all-clad bob kramer boldric chef's choice chroma cutlery and more demeyere enso epicurean global hestan kyocera laguiole en aubrac lamson le creuset mac mauviel messermeister miyabi moritaka murray carter nexus opinel scanpan shun staub swiss diamond tojiro victorinox viking wellnessmats wusthof yaxell zwilling j.a. henckels cutlery shop by brand bob kramer chroma enso global kyocera laguiole en aubrac lamson mac messermeister miyabi moritaka murray carter nexus opinel shun tojiro victorinox wusthof yaxell zwilling j.a. henckels shop by category blade guards & sheaths boning & fillet knives bread knives butcher knives carving & slicing knives carving forks cheese knives chef's knives cleavers cutting boards kiritsuke knives kitchen shears & scissors knife sets knife bags & rolls knife blocks & holders knife sharpeners nakiri knives paring & peeling knives prep knives santoku knives steak knives utility knives shop by style american made knives german cutlery japanese knives carbon steel knives ceramic knives new cutlery best selling cutlery exclusive cutlery cutlery sale & clearance shop all cutlery cookware shop by brand all-clad demeyere hestan le creuset mauviel scanpan staub swiss diamond viking shop by category accessories bakers & casseroles braisers & paella pans cookware sets dutch ovens fry pans & skillets griddles & grill pans roasting pans saucepans & sauciers saute pans soup & stock pots specialty cookware tea kettles woks & stir fray pans shop by style american made cookware cast iron cookware ceramic cookware copper cookware nonstick cookware stainless steel cookware new cookware best selling cookware exclusive cookware cookware sale & clearance shop all cookware more shop by brand collection boldric knife bags chef's choice sharpeners laguiole en aubrac steak knives microplane graters peugeot salt & pepper mills wellnessmats shop by category bakeware cooking utensils cutting boards electrics flatware kitchen tools kitchen shears & scissors salt & pepper mills wine & bar tools new arrivals best sellers exclusives sale & clearance shop all exclusives sale & clearance free returns free shipping 100% secure gift cards contact us when typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type. help track order cart top brands cutlery cookware more sale & clearance black friday 🎉 shop all top brands all-clad bob kramer boldric chef's choice chroma cutlery and more demeyere enso epicurean global hestan kyocera laguiole en aubrac lamson le creuset mac mauviel messermeister miyabi moritaka murray carter nexus opinel scanpan shun staub swiss diamond tojiro victorinox viking wellnessmats wusthof yaxell zwilling j.a. henckels new cutlery best selling cutlery exclusive cutlery sale & clearance shop all cutlery shop by brand bob kramer chroma enso global kyocera laguiole en aubrac lamson mac messermeister miyabi moritaka murray carter nexus opinel shun tojiro victorinox wusthof yaxell zwilling j.a. henckels shop cutlery boning & fillet knives bread knives butcher knives carving & slicing knives cheese knives chef's knives cleavers kiritsuke knives knife sets nakiri knives paring & peeling knives prep knives santoku knives steak knives utility knives shop knife accessories blade guards & sheaths carving forks cutting boards kitchen shears & scissors knife bags & rolls knife blocks & holders knife sharpeners shop by style american made knives german cutlery japanese knives carbon steel knives ceramic knives new cookware best selling cookware exclusive cookware sale & clearance shop all cookware shop by brand all-clad demeyere hestan le creuset mauviel scanpan staub swiss diamond viking shop cookware accessories bakers & casseroles braisers & paella pans cookware sets dutch ovens fry pans & skillets griddles & grill pans roasting pans saucepans & sauciers saute pans soup & stock pots specialty cookware tea kettles woks & stir fray pans shop by style american made cookware cast iron cookware ceramic cookware copper cookware nonstick cookware stainless steel cookware new arrivals best sellers exclusives sale & clearance shop all shop by brand collection boldric knife bags chef's choice electric sharpeners laguiole en aubrac steak knives microplane graters peugeot salt & pepper mills wellnessmats shop more bakeware cooking utensils cutting boards electrics flatware kitchen shears & scissors kitchen tools salt & pepper mills wine & bar tools when typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type. free shipping on orders $49+ don't miss our sale & clearance items previous next pause play frequently asked questions returns & exchanges shipping & delivery privacy policy pricing policy accessibility statement help center track your order request a return contact us choose one of the help topics above, or scroll down to see our most frequently asked questions. not able to find the answers you need? email us. frequently asked questions do you offer free shipping? yes! we offer free standard shipping (up to 4 business days) to the 48 contiguous united states on orders over $49. "business days" do not include weekends or holidays. estimated delivery date will be shown when selecting your shipping method during checkout. how do i track my order? to track your cutlery and more order, enter your order number and email address below. email order # do you offer free returns? yes! as long as you use a prepaid shipping label provided by us, we will cover your return shipping charges. to get a prepaid ups shipping label, please email us. be sure to let us know your order number, which items you would like to return and a reason for the return. please note that we are not able to reimburse any return shipping charges if you do not use our provided prepaid ups label. as long as the items are unused and in their original packaging, we are able to provide a full refund. please read our complete return policy details here. how quickly will i receive my order? if you are able to add an item to your shopping cart on our website, that means that it is in stock. orders received before 1pm central time, monday through friday will be shipped same day. orders received after 1pm central time will ship the following business day. our standard shipping method will arrive within 4 business days (many times, sooner, as we ship from the midwest -- illinois). our 2-day shipping method will arrive within 2 business days, while our express shipping method arrives within 3 business days. we also offer a next day shipping option that will be delivered the next business day after shipment. business days do not include saturdays, sundays and holidays.sometimes when ordering a quantity of more than 1 of an item, we may not have enough inventory on hand to ship immediately. in these rare circumstances, we will reach out to you quickly to ask you how to proceed. wellness mats will ship directly from the manufacturer and require additional days to ship. please see the product pages for the shipping timeframes on these items. all other items ship from our warehouse by the following business day. once your order is prepared for shipment, you will receive an email notification with the scheduled delivery date and tracking information. do you only sell first quality merchandise? yes! we only sell first quality merchandise that we purchase directly from the manufacturers and we are an authorized retailer for every brand that we offer. sometimes customers see us selling an item at a very low price, but rest assured that it is always first quality. do you price match? we strive to offer the lowest prices on all of the items that we sell. we are even able to negotiate special deals with our suppliers and have many items that are exclusive to cutlery and more at terrific values. in the unlikely event that you find the same item elsewhere for less, just reach out to us and we will do our best to match the price.please note that we cannot price match for certain sellers or situations, these include but are not limited to: ebay or some third-party amazon sellers, as we only sell first quality merchandise and sometimes second quality merchandise pops up on those websites.credit card offers.items that are advertised as limited-quantity, limited-time, out-of-stock, used, clearance, etc.typographical and other pricing errors.prices that only display on a website after log in.paid membership club and paid loyalty programs. do you ship internationally? at the moment, we are only able to ship yaxell and enso brand products to canada. we are not able to ship to any other countries or any other products to canada. please note that all prices on our website are in us dollars. if you are ordering yaxell or enso brand products and shipping to canada, all shipping charges and taxes will be calculated during checkout and your package will arrive without any additional charges collected by ups. which shipping methods do you use? we currently ship exclusively with ups. how do i use my cutlery and more gift card? if you have received a cutlery and more electronic gift card, you are able to apply on our website during the checkout process. simply start your checkout and enter in your billing and shipping information, and then there will be an option to apply a gift card on the order review page. if you have any issues, please email us. our customer service team is happy to assist. what happens if the item i received is defective or damaged? we work hard to ensure that all items that we ship are free of defects and are packaged extremely well to handle the rigors of shipping carriers. in the rare event that you receive a damaged or defective item, please email us as soon as possible or call us at (800) 650-9866. we will work quickly to expedite you a replacement and if we require the item back, we will cover all shipping charges. most of the time we will even add extra padding and double check the replacement item to be sure that the replacement is perfect! your satisfaction is of the utmost importance to us. do you charge sales tax? we collect state sales tax on items shipping to the following states: al, ar, az, ca, co, ct, dc, fl, ga, hi, ia, id, il, in, ks, ky, la, ma, md, me, mi, mn, nc, nd, ne, nj, nm, nv, ny, oh, ok, pa, ri, sc, sd, tn, tx, ut, va, vt, wa, wi, wv, wy.for shipments to alabama, cutlery and more will collect the simplified sellers use tax of alabama and the tax will be remitted on the customer's behalf to the alabama department of revenue. cutlery and more's program account number is ssu-r010308633.in other states where we don't collect sales tax, it may be the customer's responsibility to assure that all appropriate state use taxes are paid. which payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express cards via our secure checkout. we also accept payment via our paypal checkout, where you may use any card or balance associated with your paypal account. sorry, but we do not accept checks or money orders. returns & exchanges what is your return policy? items may be returned as long as they are unused and include all original parts and packaging. items returned within 90 days from the date of purchase are eligible for a refund. refunds will be issued back to the original payment method or, if requested, issued in the form of a cutlery and more gift card.we will not accept the return of any used items, nor will we accept any returns after 90 days from the date of purchase. all items must be returned in the original packaging. in the event that a returned item causes the original order to no longer qualify for any gift with purchase that may have been offered originally, the gift(s) must also be returned in order to receive a full refund.to make a return: 1.email us or call (800) 650-9866. be sure to let us know your order number, the items you would like to return and the reason for returning. 2.package all items securely and safely into the original shipping box. print and tape the prepaid ups label provided by our customer service team to the outside of the shipping box. be sure to include all original parts and packaging. 3.drop off at your local ups store or give to a ups driver. 4.please allow up to 7 business days for us to process your return. refunds will be issued back to the original payment method or, if requested, issued in the form of a cutlery and more gift card that will be sent via email. any items returned to us without contacting prior, will be refused. do you offer free return shipping? yes! as long as you use a prepaid shipping label provided by us, we will cover your return shipping charges. to get a prepaid ups shipping label, please contact us. be sure to let us know your order number, which items you would like to return and a reason for the return. please note that we are not able to reimburse any return shipping charges if you do not use our provided prepaid ups label. as long as the items are unused and in their original packaging, we are able to provide a full refund. please read our complete return policy details here. what do i do if the item i received is damaged or defective? we work hard to ensure that all items that we ship are free of defects and are packaged extremely well to handle the rigors of shipping carriers. in the rare event that you receive a damaged or defective item, please email us as soon as possible or call us at (800) 650-9866. we will work quickly to expedite you a replacement and if we require the item back, we will cover all shipping charges. most of the time we will even add extra padding and double check the replacement item to be sure that the replacement is perfect! your satisfaction is of the utmost importance to us. how do i return an item? please email us for a prepaid ups return label. be sure to include your order number and explain the issue with the item(s) that you have received and your preferred resolution. our customer service team is happy to quickly assist you with a replacement or a refund. as long as the items are unused and in their original packaging, we are able to provide a full refund. please read our complete return policy details here. shipping do you offer free shipping? yes! we offer free standard shipping (up to 4 business days) to the 48 contiguous united states on orders over $49. "business days" do not include weekends or holidays. estimated delivery date will be shown when selecting your shipping method during checkout. do you ship to p.o. boxes or military apo/fpo addresses? at this time, we are not able to ship to po boxes or apo/fpo addresses as ups does not deliver to these destinations. how can i change or cancel my order? to change or cancel your order, email us or call us at (800) 650-9866. please note that we strive to ship your order as quickly as possible and sometimes we are unable to make any changes, but we will try our best. order changes and cancellations cannot be made after your order has been packaged and prepared for shipment. will my package(s) require a signature upon delivery? we typically do not require a signature upon delivery. however, if ups is unable to leave the package in a secure location, they may require a signature. this may include apartment buildings, gated homes and communities, condo complexes, etc. if you are using our paypal checkout, a signature will be required on all orders over $749.99 as per paypal policy. when will my order ship? orders placed by 1pm ct will be shipped out that same business day. orders placed after 1pm ct will be shipped out the following business day. business days do not include weekends, holidays or days that ups does not operate, such as new year's day, memorial day, independence day, labor day, thanksgiving day or christmas day. do you ship to hawaii and alaska? yes! we ship to alaska and hawaii and the rates are the same as the "2-day" shipping rates. you will receive your order within 2 business days after shipment. sorry, but the free shipping offer does not apply as we are only able to use ups 2nd day air when shipping to hawaii and alaska. do you ship internationally? at the moment, we are only able to ship yaxell and enso brand products to canada. we are not able to ship to any other countries or any other products to canada. please note that all prices on our website are in us dollars. if you are ordering yaxell or enso brand products and shipping to canada, all shipping charges and taxes will be calculated during checkout and your package will arrive without any additional charges collected by ups. what do you charge for shipping? order total standard second day next day excludes tax rate rate rate $0-$48.99 $7.99 $19.99 $29.99 $49-$148.99 free $29.99 $39.99 $149-$349.99 free $39.99 $49.99 $350+ free $49.99 $59.99 privacy policy cutlery and more has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. the following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website cutleryandmore.com. please review the details below. why we collect & use information we may use the information we collect for the following primary reasons: 1.product & service fulfillment 2.marketing, promotions & advertising 3.internal operations 4.fraud prevention, security & compliance we may combine information collected from different sources. what we collect & share we collect information from a variety of sources, including: information provided by you, transaction information, technology-enabled collections, and information we collect about you from third party sources. cutlery and more will never sell your information to any third party. managing your preferences email communications we may use your information to send you relevant marketing messages about cutlery and more and the products that we offer. however, we want to send you information only if you want to hear from us. if you do not wish to receive any marketing communications from us, please use the "unsubscribe" link found at the bottom of our emails to you. if you are having difficulty unsubscribing, please email us to request removal from our marketing list. cookies when you visit our web sites, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. we may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us. a cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site. a session cookie expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). a persistent cookie stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available. we use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our web site and other web sites of interest to you. we also use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our web sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns.we partner with retargeting companies, such as google, to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. these companies may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information such as ip address, pages viewed and if a conversion occurred during your visit to this website in order to help show more advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. to learn more about this "behavioral advertising" practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.note: if you block cookies from cutleryandmore.com you will not be able to make purchases on our website. safeguarding information this site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. we offer a secure socket layer server on our ordering pages by which you will send your ordering information and is able to be viewed only by cutlery and more. eligibility you must be at least 13 years old to use our website. if you are a minor, depending on your state of residence, your parent or legal guardian must agree to our policies on your behalf and give you permission to access and use our website. california customer privacy rights california residents have certain privacy rights under the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"). below describes those rights and how you can utilize them.right to know and right to deletionyou can request the personal information we have collected and used in the preceding 12 months.you can request that we delete the personal information we have collected. we may not delete all of the personal information we have collected under the following exceptions: 1.the information is needed to complete a transaction. 2.the information is needed to detect a security incident or correct errors. 3.the information is needed to protect against fraud or other illegal activity. to request information about or opt-out of our data collection methods please contact our customer service toll-free at (800) 650-9866 or email customerservice@cutleryandmore.com. we may request additional information to verify your identity.please note that if we delete your personal information many or our services will not work the same.non-discriminationwe will not discriminate against a customer should they exercise any of their rights under the ccpa. we will not deny future purchases, charge a different price, or provide any lessor quality goods or services. contacting us if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:cutlery and more, llc135 prairie lake roadeast dundee, il 60118(800) 650-9866(510) 405-3571 pricing policy our goal is to provide a clear pricing policy that is easy to understand so that you can make a sound decision on whether or not to purchase the item. sometimes, a price may be denoted as "price drop" or "clearance". you may also see a "was" price shown in gray. price drop items marked as "price drop" refers to an item that has recently dropped in price. in these cases, the "was" price shown in gray refers to our previously advertised price for that particular item. clearance items marked as "clearance" are items that have been marked down from what we have previously advertised the item at. "clearance" items are while supplies last. we are not able to accept any backorders for "clearance" items. all prices on our website are displayed in us dollars and do not include any taxes that we may have to charge. to see your final order total, please proceed to check out on our website. you will be able to review your order and all applicable tax and shipping charges prior to placing your order. free shipping on orders $49+ free returns expert service 100% safe & secure checkout customerservice@cutleryandmore.com shop new arrivals top brands gift cards clearance help order tracking shipping details return policy contact us policies privacy policy pricing policy accessibility sign up for emails follow us we are committed to accessibility & inclusion. © 1999 - 2021 cutlery and more, llc 135 prairie lake road, east dundee, il 60118