来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231010003/https://cutleryandmore.com/pages/help
================================================================================

help – cutlery and more skip to content this site has limited support for your browser. we recommend switching to edge, chrome, safari, or firefox. enjoy free shipping on all orders! search account cart 0 top brands all-clad demeyere enso global kramer le creuset mac mauviel miyabi scanpan shun staub steelport wusthof yaxell zwilling cutlery featured cutlery new exclusives sale & clearance shop by brand enso global kramer mac messermeister miyabi shun steelport takayuki tojiro wusthof yaxell zwilling shop by style carbon steel knives japanese knives german cutlery shop by category knife sets steak knives chef's knives nakiri knives santoku knives boning & fillet knives bread knives carving & slicing knives kiritsuke knives paring & utility knives prep knives shop knife accessories knife sharpeners knife storage cutting boards kitchen shears cookware featured cookware new exclusives sale & clearance shop by brand all-clad demeyere hestan le creuset mauviel scanpan staub viking shop by style cast iron cookware copper cookware nonstick cookware stainless steel cookware shop by category cookware sets dutch ovens fry pans & skillets saucepans & sauciers braisers griddles & grill pans roasting pans saute pans stock pots woks kitchen tools sale & clearance account search cart 0 top brands show menu exit menu top brands all-clad demeyere enso global kramer le creuset mac mauviel miyabi scanpan shun staub steelport wusthof yaxell zwilling cutlery show menu exit menu cutlery featured cutlery show menu exit menu featured cutlery new exclusives sale & clearance shop by brand show menu exit menu shop by brand enso global kramer mac messermeister miyabi shun steelport takayuki tojiro wusthof yaxell zwilling shop by style show menu exit menu shop by style carbon steel knives japanese knives german cutlery shop by category show menu exit menu shop by category knife sets steak knives chef's knives nakiri knives santoku knives boning & fillet knives bread knives carving & slicing knives kiritsuke knives paring & utility knives prep knives shop knife accessories show menu exit menu shop knife accessories knife sharpeners knife storage cutting boards kitchen shears cookware show menu exit menu cookware featured cookware show menu exit menu featured cookware new exclusives sale & clearance shop by brand show menu exit menu shop by brand all-clad demeyere hestan le creuset mauviel scanpan staub viking shop by style show menu exit menu shop by style cast iron cookware copper cookware nonstick cookware stainless steel cookware shop by category show menu exit menu shop by category cookware sets dutch ovens fry pans & skillets saucepans & sauciers braisers griddles & grill pans roasting pans saute pans stock pots woks kitchen tools sale & clearance search search help need assistance? contact our customer care team looking to return an item? start a return frequently asked questions returns shipping frequently asked questions do you offer free shipping? yes! we offer free standard shipping (up to 4 business days) to the 48 contiguous united states on all orders."business days" do not include weekends or holidays. estimated delivery date will be shown when selecting your shipping method during checkout. do you offer free returns? yes! as long as you use a prepaid shipping label provided by us, we will cover your return shipping charges. to get a prepaid ups shipping label, please email us.be sure to let us know your order number, which items you would like to return and a reason for the return. please note that we are not able to reimburse any return shipping charges if you do not use our provided prepaid ups label. as long as the items are unused and in their original packaging, we are able to provide a full refund. please read our complete return policy details here. how quickly will i receive my order? if you are able to add an item to your shopping cart on our website, that means that it is in stock. orders received before 1pm central time, monday through friday will be shipped same day. orders received after 1pm central time will ship the following business day. our standard shipping method will arrive within 4 business days (many times, sooner, as we ship from the midwest -- illinois). our 2-day shipping method will arrive within 2 business days, while our express shipping method arrives within 3 business days. we also offer a next day shipping option that will be delivered the next business day after shipment. business days do not include saturdays, sundays and holidays.sometimes when ordering a quantity of more than 1 of an item, we may not have enough inventory on hand to ship immediately. in these rare circumstances, we will reach out to you quickly to ask you how to proceed. wellness mats will ship directly from the manufacturer and require additional days to ship. please see the product pages for the shipping timeframes on these items. all other items ship from our warehouse by the following business day. once your order is prepared for shipment, you will receive an email notification with the scheduled delivery date and tracking information. do you only sell first quality merchandise? yes! we only sell first quality merchandise that we purchase directly from the manufacturers and we are an authorized retailer for every brand that we offer. sometimes customers see us selling an item at a very low price, but rest assured that it is always first quality. do you price match? we strive to offer the lowest prices on all of the items that we sell. we are even able to negotiate special deals with our suppliers and have many items that are exclusive to cutlery and more at terrific values. in the unlikely event that you find the same item elsewhere for less, just reach out to us and we will do our best to match the price.please note that we cannot price match for certain sellers or situations, these include but are not limited to: ebay or some third-party amazon sellers, as we only sell first quality merchandise and sometimes second quality merchandise pops up on those websites. credit card offers. items that are advertised as limited-quantity, limited-time, out-of-stock, used, clearance, etc. typographical and other pricing errors. prices that only display on a website after log in. paid membership club and paid loyalty programs. international websites. how do i use my cutlery and more gift card? if you have received a cutlery and more electronic gift card, you are able to apply it on our website during the checkout process. if you have any issues, please email us. our customer service team is happy to assist. what happens if the item i received is defective or damaged? we work hard to ensure that all items that we ship are free of defects and are packaged extremely well to handle the rigors of shipping carriers. in the rare event that you receive a damaged or defective item, please email us as soon as possible or call us at (800) 650-9866. we will work quickly to expedite you a replacement and if we require the item back, we will cover all shipping charges. most of the time we will even add extra padding and double check the replacement item to be sure that the replacement is perfect! your satisfaction is of the utmost importance to us. do you charge sales tax? we collect state sales tax on items shipping to the following states: al, ar, az, ca, co, ct, dc, fl, ga, hi, ia, id, il, in, ks, ky, la, ma, md, me, mi, mn, nc, nd, ne, nj, nm, nv, ny, oh, ok, pa, ri, sc, sd, tn, tx, ut, va, vt, wa, wi, wv, wy.for shipments to alabama, cutlery and more will collect the simplified sellers use tax of alabama and the tax will be remitted on the customer's behalf to the alabama department of revenue. cutlery and more's program account number is ssu-r010308633.in other states where we don't collect sales tax, it may be the customer's responsibility to assure that all appropriate state use taxes are paid. which payment methods do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, discover and american express cards via our secure checkout. we also accept payment via our paypal checkout, where you may use any card or balance associated with your paypal account. sorry, but we do not accept checks or money orders. returns what is your return policy? to view our return policy, please click here. do you offer free return shipping? yes! as long as you use a prepaid shipping label provided by us, we will cover your return shipping charges. to get a prepaid shipping label, please visit our online return portal. please note that we are not able to reimburse any return shipping charges if you do not use our provided prepaid label. as long as the items are unused and in their original packaging, we are able to provide a full refund. please read our complete return policy details here. what do i do if the item i received is damaged or defective? we work hard to ensure that all items that we ship are free of defects and are packaged extremely well to handle the rigors of shipping carriers. in the rare event that you receive a damaged or defective item, please email us as soon as possible or call us at (800) 650-9866. we will work quickly to expedite you a replacement and if we require the item back, we will cover all shipping charges. most of the time we will even add extra padding and double check the replacement item to be sure that the replacement is perfect! your satisfaction is of the utmost importance to us. how do i return an item? you can return an item through our online return portal. as long as the items are unused and in their original packaging, we are able to provide a full refund. shipping do you offer free shipping? yes! we offer free standard shipping (up to 4 business days) to the 48 contiguous united states on all orders. "business days" do not include weekends or holidays. estimated delivery date will be shown when selecting your shipping method during checkout. do you ship to p.o. boxes or miltary ap/fpo addresses? at this time, we are not able to ship to po boxes or apo/fpo addresses as ups does not deliver to these destinations. how can i change or cancel my order? to change or cancel your order, email us or call us at (800) 650-9866. please note that we strive to ship your order as quickly as possible and sometimes we are unable to make any changes, but we will try our best. order changes and cancellations cannot be made after your order has been packaged and prepared for shipment. will my package(s) require a signature upon delivery? we typically do not require a signature upon delivery. however, if ups is unable to leave the package in a secure location, they may require a signature. this may include apartment buildings, gated homes and communities, condo complexes, etc.if you are using our paypal checkout, a signature will be required on all orders over $749.99 as per paypal policy. when will my order ship? orders placed by 1pm ct will be shipped out that same business day. orders placed after 1pm ct will be shipped out the following business day. business days do not include weekends, holidays or days that ups does not operate, such as new year's day, memorial day, independence day, labor day, thanksgiving day or christmas day. do you ship to hawaii and alaska? yes! we ship to alaska and hawaii using a discounted ups 2nd day air shipping rate. you will receive your order within 2-3 business days after shipment. sorry, but the free shipping offer only applies to the 48 contiguous states and we are only able to use ups 2nd day air when shipping to hawaii and alaska. free shipping & returnsget free shipping and returns on all orders. safe & secure checkouttransactions are handled with bank-grade security. get in touchhave questions? chat, email or call our expert customer service team. shopnew arrivalscutlerycookwaresale & clearancegift cardshelphelp centercontact usfaqreturnsorder trackingcompanyabout usprivacy policypricing policyaccessibility join our email listsubscribe to get exclusive insider sales and deals, plus first chance on new arrivals. sign up instagram facebook twitter pinterest youtube © cutlery and more 2024 can we store cookies? broadcast uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. accept previous next close your order qualifies for free shipping cart no more products available for purchase your cart is empty top brands cutlery cookware more sale & clearance pair with items free subtotal free check out shipping, taxes, and discount codes are calculated at checkout