来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231010003/https://cutleryandmore.com/policies/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy – cutlery and more skip to content this site has limited support for your browser. we recommend switching to edge, chrome, safari, or firefox. enjoy free shipping on all orders! search account cart 0 top brands all-clad demeyere enso global kramer le creuset mac mauviel miyabi scanpan shun staub steelport wusthof yaxell zwilling cutlery featured cutlery new exclusives sale & clearance shop by brand enso global kramer mac messermeister miyabi shun steelport takayuki tojiro wusthof yaxell zwilling shop by style carbon steel knives japanese knives german cutlery shop by category knife sets steak knives chef's knives nakiri knives santoku knives boning & fillet knives bread knives carving & slicing knives kiritsuke knives paring & utility knives prep knives shop knife accessories knife sharpeners knife storage cutting boards kitchen shears cookware featured cookware new exclusives sale & clearance shop by brand all-clad demeyere hestan le creuset mauviel scanpan staub viking shop by style cast iron cookware copper cookware nonstick cookware stainless steel cookware shop by category cookware sets dutch ovens fry pans & skillets saucepans & sauciers braisers griddles & grill pans roasting pans saute pans stock pots woks kitchen tools sale & clearance account search cart 0 top brands show menu exit menu top brands all-clad demeyere enso global kramer le creuset mac mauviel miyabi scanpan shun staub steelport wusthof yaxell zwilling cutlery show menu exit menu cutlery featured cutlery show menu exit menu featured cutlery new exclusives sale & clearance shop by brand show menu exit menu shop by brand enso global kramer mac messermeister miyabi shun steelport takayuki tojiro wusthof yaxell zwilling shop by style show menu exit menu shop by style carbon steel knives japanese knives german cutlery shop by category show menu exit menu shop by category knife sets steak knives chef's knives nakiri knives santoku knives boning & fillet knives bread knives carving & slicing knives kiritsuke knives paring & utility knives prep knives shop knife accessories show menu exit menu shop knife accessories knife sharpeners knife storage cutting boards kitchen shears cookware show menu exit menu cookware featured cookware show menu exit menu featured cookware new exclusives sale & clearance shop by brand show menu exit menu shop by brand all-clad demeyere hestan le creuset mauviel scanpan staub viking shop by style show menu exit menu shop by style cast iron cookware copper cookware nonstick cookware stainless steel cookware shop by category show menu exit menu shop by category cookware sets dutch ovens fry pans & skillets saucepans & sauciers braisers griddles & grill pans roasting pans saute pans stock pots woks kitchen tools sale & clearance search search privacy policy cutlery and more has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. the following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website cutleryandmore.com. please review the details below.why we collection & use information we may use the information we collect for the following primary reasons: product & service fulfillment marketing, promotions & advertising internal operations fraud prevention, security & compliance we may combine information collected from different sources.what we collect & share we collect information from a variety of sources, including: information provided by you, transaction information, technology-enabled collections, and information we collect about you from third party sources. cutlery and more will never sell your information to any third party.managing your preferences email communications we may use your information to send you relevant marketing messages about cutlery and more and the products that we offer. however, we want to send you information only if you want to hear from us. if you do not wish to receive any marketing communications from us, please use the "unsubscribe" link found at the bottom of our emails to you. if you are having difficulty unsubscribing, please email us to request removal from our marketing list.cookies when you visit our web sites, we send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. we may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us. a cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site. a session cookie expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). a persistent cookie stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available. we use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our web site and other web sites of interest to you. we also use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our web sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns.we partner with retargeting companies, such as google, to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. these companies may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information such as ip address, pages viewed and if a conversion occurred during your visit to this website in order to help show more advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. to learn more about this "behavioral advertising" practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information you can visitwww.networkadvertising.org.note: if you block cookies from cutleryandmore.com you will not be able to make purchases on our website.safeguarding information this site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. we offer a secure socket layer server on our ordering pages by which you will send your ordering information and is able to be viewed only by cutlery and more.eligibility you must be at least 13 years old to use our website. if you are a minor, depending on your state of residence, your parent or legal guardian must agree to our policies on your behalf and give you permission to access and use our website.california customer privacy rights california residents have certain privacy rights under the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"). below describes those rights and how you can utilize them.right to know and right to deletion you can request the personal information we have collected and used in the preceding 12 months.you can request that we delete the personal information we have collected. we may not delete all of the personal information we have collected under the following exceptions: the information is needed to complete a transaction. the information is needed to detect a security incident or correct errors. the information is needed to protect against fraud or other illegal activity. to request information about or opt-out of our data collection methods pleasecontact our customer service team. we may request additional information to verify your identity.please note that if we delete your personal information many or our services will not work the same.non-discrimination we will not discriminate against a customer should they exercise any of their rights under the ccpa. we will not deny future purchases, charge a different price, or provide any lessor quality goods or services.contacting us if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact: cutlery and more, llc135 prairie lake roadeast dundee, il 60118(800) 650-9866(510) 405-3571 pricing policy our goal is to provide a clear pricing policy that is easy to understand so that you can make a sound decision on whether or not to purchase the item. sometimes, a price may be denoted as "price drop" or "clearance". you may also see a "was" price shown in gray.price drop items marked as "price drop" refers to an item that has recently dropped in price. in these cases, the "was" price shown in gray refers to our previously advertised price for that particular item.clearance items marked as "clearance" are items that have been marked down from what we have previously advertised the item at. "clearance" items are while supplies last. we are not able to accept any backorders for "clearance" items.all prices on our website are displayed in us dollars and do not include any taxes that we may have to charge. to see your final order total, please proceed to check out on our website. you will be able to review your order and all applicable tax and shipping charges prior to placing your order. accessibility statement at cutlery and more, we are commited to accessibility and inclusion. we believe that all of our guests should be able to easily shop online at cutleryandmore.com and access our digital content.goal of being better for all.℠ cutlery and more desires to provide a positive customer experience to all our customers, and we aim to promote accessibility and inclusion. our goal is to permit our customers to successfully gather information and transact business through our website. whether you are using assistive technologies like a screen reader, a magnifier, voice recognition software, or captions for videos, our goal is to make your use of cutlery and more website a successful and enjoyable experience.accessibility assistance if you have difficulty using or accessing any element of this website, pleasecontact our customer support teamand we will work with you to provide the information, item or transaction you seek through a communication method that is accessible for you consistent with applicable law (for example, through telephone support).actions we are taking a variety of steps and devoting resources to further enhance the accessibility of our website. we have engaged an experienced accessibility consultant, allyant, to conduct a website accessibility audit and provide recommendations to increase accessibility so that our website meets or exceeds applicable standards.ongoing effort although we are proud of the efforts that we have completed and that are in-progress, we at cutlery and more view accessibility as an ongoing effort.feedback please contact our customer support team f you have any feedback or suggestions as to how we could improve the accessibility of this website. shopnew arrivalscutlerycookwaresale & clearancegift cardshelphelp centercontact usfaqreturnsorder trackingcompanyabout usprivacy policypricing policyaccessibility join our email listsubscribe to get exclusive insider sales and deals, plus first chance on new arrivals. sign up instagram facebook twitter pinterest youtube © cutlery and more 2024 can we store cookies? broadcast uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. accept previous next close your order qualifies for free shipping cart no more products available for purchase your cart is empty top brands cutlery cookware more sale & clearance pair with items free subtotal free check out shipping, taxes, and discount codes are calculated at checkout