来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111218205652/http://www.delmarfans.com/shop_safe.cfm
================================================================================

shop safe guarantee by del mar designs 800-724-5501 cart ( 0 items ) home ceiling fans lighting light dimmers light bulbs brands del mar designs shop safe guarantee why buy from del mar designs? free shipping on most orders over $75 we offer free shipping for most orders over $75 to anywhere in the 48 continental united states. orders under $75 are charged an $8 shipping fee. this makes your shopping experience easier as you can rest assured there will be no hidden or inflated shipping charges. there will be an additional shipping charge for all international shipping to hawaii, puerto rico, alaska and canada. upgraded shipping (next day, second day or three day) is offered through ups or fed-ex at an extra charge (call 1-800-724-5501 to upgrade shipping). any order with upgraded shipping placed before 9:30am ships the same day! low price guarantee at del mar designs we are focused on making your online shopping experience fast, easy, and competitive. we offer a low price guarantee that will ensure that when you buy from del mar designs, you are getting the lowest price online. if you find a price online lower than our price, we will beat it. if you have already purchased a product from del mar designs and find a lower advertised price of the exact same product purchased (including shipping, handling & tax-if applicable) within 10 days, we will beat the price found and credit your credit card the difference. please make sure you have the following information for the low price guarantee: the price should be on a quote form from the competitor or published online, magazine, or newsprint. the price should be from an united states based distributor. the price can not be matched if the company is in violation with any unilateral pricing policies. *some manufacturers have established prices that distributors can not sell below a certain price just call 1(800) 724-5501 to speak to a live sales rep with the necessary competitor information or email us at csr@delmarfans.com terms & conditions of the low price guarantee our low price guarantee will not be accepted on closeout products, sales, or competitor typographic errors. this offer does not apply to special trade or professional discounted products. sales tax no sales tax will be applied to orders that ship outside of florida. easy product quoting all ceiling fans and lighting fixtures on www.delmarfans.com can be quoted easily and quickly by clicking on the get quote link on the product you are viewing. after entering the general location you are shipping the product to, simply enter your email address. then within one to three minutes, you will receive an email quote for your records. you can also call 1(800) 724-5501 and speak with any one of our knowledgeable sales associates who would be happy to answer any questions you have or give you any pricing you desire. all of our sales associates must achieve the american lighting association's lighting specialist certificate before becoming a sales associate at del mar designs. this will give them the ability to answer any questions you might have regarding lighting and ceiling fans. no hassle return policy (no restocking fees) defective product / broken glass first be sure to inspect every nook and cranny of your product carton immediately upon receiving it and know that del mar designs will replace the defective product. for defective product replacement, contact del mar designs @ (800)-724-5501 and ask for customer service or email csr@delmarfans.com contact del mar designs within 90 days from the date that the order was received. with defective items, del mar designs will pay for any return shipping cost (if necessary) and we will pay for the shipping cost of the replacement product back to you. please note that del mar designs will only issue credit for products that have not been installed or are defective. download - rga_form.pdf not satisfied and want to return product once you have received your product and you decide you are not satisfied, what do you do? call del mar designs @ 1(800)-724-5501 and ask for customer service, email csr@delmarfans.com, or download the below rga form contact del mar designs within 90 days from the date that the order was received. ship the unwanted product back to del mar designs (steps to returning products below). customer will be responsible for the shipping cost back to del mar designs. credit will be issued within 3 to 5 business days of receipt of returned product. you will receive a full no hassle no restocking fees credit to your credit card. please note - after 90 days there will be no refund or exchange. return the product in its original package with all parts intact. a credit will not be issued if the merchandise is not the original product invoiced or in the original packaging. download - rga_form.pdf steps to returning products contact del mar designs to get an rga form emailed to you by calling 1(800)-724-5501 and ask for customer service, email csr@delmarfans.com, or download the below rga form the product must be returned in its original condition with all parts intact to: del mar designs 301 division avenue, unit 17 ormond beach, fl 32174 include a copy of the filled out rga form all products must return within 90 days from original ship date. download - rga_form.pdf *del mar designs is not responsible for installation mistakes done by licensed or unlicensed installers. if a product purchased from del mar designs was installed and has a factory defect, del mar designs will replace the product at no charge to the customer. although, del mar designs will not cover any original or additional installation charges. we understand that some ceiling fan and lighting products are more complicated than others so please call 1-(800) 724-5501 and speak to a sales rep that can help answer any questions you have. brand name products with in depth search del mar designs supplies most of the major ceiling fan and lighting fixture brands. we are constantly updating our site and adding more and more product everyday. all these products would normally be difficult to search through. that is why we give you the ability to search by brand, style, price, collection and size. if there is something you are looking for and it is not on our site, call a del mar designs customer service rep with the manufacturer and model number and we will acquire it for you. you can also use our new buy ceiling fans page or shop lighting fixtures section of our online site. privacy policy this privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.delmarfans.com. this privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. our privacy policy is the following: we do not share any personally identifiable information with any other company. we currently hold an active verisign account for online credit card secure processing. we currently hold an active hacker safe account to ensure a safe overall site experience. if you are unsure of any aspect of our privacy policy, please call 1(800) 724-5501 or email privacy@delmarfans.com. this site uses clicktale web analytics service. clicktale may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this website. clicktale does not collect personally identifiable information that you do not voluntarily enter in this website. clicktale does not track your browsing habits across web sites which do not use clicktale services. for more information see privacy policy for information collected by the clicktale web analytics service. we are using the information collected by clicktale service to enhance the customer experience. you can choose to disable the service at http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html. quoting & ordering products you can order products from del mar designs by: order online with all necessary information by getting a quote and clicking the get "email quote" link to add the info to your online quote order by phone 1-(800)724-5501 order by fax 1-(386)767-2117 delivery time in stock product will ship out fed ex home delivery within 24 hours of placing your order. if the product is in stock and you specify 2nd day or overnight shipping, we will ship the same day. if the product is not in stock please allow a 1 to 3 week delivery time. if there is a factory back order on the product you ordered, you will be notified within 2 to 3 business days via email or the telephone number we were given. del mar designs sales reps are very creative when getting our customers products as fast as needed.  if we do not have a certain lighting or ceiling fan in stock, we may be able to drop ship the product direct from the factory to you.  give us a call at 1(800) 724-5501 to see how we can help you with ceiling fan or lighting needs. lightingceiling fansoutdoor solutionslight chandeliersbeautiful chandeliers for every room in your home. buy your new low priced chandelier lighting from del mar designs.outdoor fans with lightslow priced outdoor ceiling fans with lights for damp or wet locations in a variety of styles. buy your outdoor fan with lights from del mar designs.large iron chandeliertech lighting firebirdchrome pendant lightpendants in chrome. buy your new low priced pendants from del mar designs12 light chandelierblown glass pendant lightingbrass vanity lightwall lighting vanity lights in brass. buy your new low priced wall light from del mar designsminka lavery chandeliersantique candle sconcelarge pendant lightlarge pendants. buy your new low priced pendants from del mar designslutron ariadniblack ceiling fans with lightantique bronze chandelierbronze chandelier lighting is available in a variety of sizes and designs. buy your new low priced bronze chandeliers from del mar designs.black chandelier lightingblack chandelier lighting is available in a variety of sizes and designs. buy your new low priced black chandeliers from del mar designs.3 inch recessed lightinglandscape accent lightingwide selection of landscape accent lighting for the exterior of your home. buy low priced landscape accent lighting from del mar designs.solar outdoor lightingoutdoor lighting solar. buy your new low priced outdoor lights from del mar designscathedral ceiling lightingcrystal flush mountcrystal flush mount lights. buy your new low priced close to ceiling lights from del mar designsiron candle chandeliershunter 21627hunter palermo fan 21627 in brushed nickel is a contemporary ceiling fan. buy your new low priced palermo 21627 ceiling fan from del mar designstropical ceiling fanscasa blanca ceiling fantorrentosmall ceiling fans with lightsfanimation fp4620snmonte carlo airlift fanhunter tribecacasablanca waileacasablanca wailea ceiling fan collection contemporary style fans. buy your new low priced casablanca wailea ceiling fans from del mar designscyclone fanhunter fan 2324948 inch ceiling fansceiling fans lightsour discounted ceiling fans with lights are great way to add comfort & light to a room. simplify the items in your home by buying a fan with lights.concept f518-whminka-aire concept ii fan f518-wh in white is a contemporary ceiling fan. buy your new low priced concept ii f518-wh ceiling fan from del mar designsclose to ceiling lightingemerson cf930orbemerson atomical fan cf930orb in bronze is a contemporary ceiling fan. buy your new low priced atomical cf930orb ceiling fan from del mar designsfanimation islander fanwhite ceiling fanceiling fan energy starconserve energy with energy star ceiling fans - no hassle return policy, 110% price guarantee, great customer service and fast delivery.hinkley outdoor lightsdecorative outdoor lightingoutdoor lighting decorative. buy your new low priced outdoor lights from del mar designsoutdoor chandelier lightinghunter ceiling fans outdoor fanaluminum outdoor lightingwalkway lightingiron outdoor lightingoutdoor lighting in iron. buy your new low priced outdoor lights from del mar designsminka lavery 8991-61-ploutdoor patio fanscasablanca outdoor fanscasablanca outdoor ceiling fans are available in many styles and finishes. buy your new casablanca outdoor ceiling fan from del mar designs.42 outdoor ceiling fanoutdoor fans 42" and smaller. buy your new low priced ceiling fans from del mar designs.porch fansbrass outdoor lightsoutdoor lighting solid brass. buy your new low priced outdoor lights from del mar designsminka lavery 9201-067-plminka lavery outdoor 9201-067-pl villa escala 1lt outdoor wall in bronze, buy your new low priced minka lavery 9201-067-pl light from del mar designsdark sky lightingdark sky lighting illuminates the exterior of a home without adding light pollution to the skies. buy dark sky light fixtures from del mar designs.wrought iron outdoor lightingoutside wall lightingminka outdoor lightingoutdoor nautical lightsexterior pendant lightoutdoor pendant lighting for the exterior of your home in a variety of designs. buy low priced outdoor pendant lighting from del mar designs.tuscan outdoor lightingmost popular pagessurfboard ceiling fanellington surfboard sbf58an5lkrcr2 in nickel is a contemporary fan. buy your new low priced surfboard sbf58an5lkrcr2 ceiling fan at del mar designs | ceiling fan modern | flush mount outdoor lighting | hunter 23566hunter sea air fan 23566 in white is a antique ceiling fan. buy your new low priced sea air 23566 ceiling fan from del mar designshunter fan 23949hunter forest hill fan 23949 in midas black is a antique ceiling fan. buy your new low priced forest hill 23949 ceiling fan from del mar designs | ceiling fan brands | unique ceiling fansthe originality of unique ceiling fans will compliment your creative home design. our eye catching unique fans come in an array of artistic designs. | hunter fan 20182fanimation fargofanimation fargo desk fan collection antique style fans. buy your new low priced fanimation fargo desk fan collection from del mar designs | security lighting exterior | quorum 151525-8 | hunter fan 21435murray feiss chandeliers | antique wall lightingantique wall lighting is available in a variety of sizes and designs. buy your new low priced antique wall lighting from del mar designs. | westinghouse fanswestinghouse ceiling fans are available in many sizes, designs, and finishes. buy your low priced westinghouse ceiling fan from del mar designs. | hunter 25522juno lights | monte carlo collectionmonte carlo ceiling fans are available in many designer and trendy designs and finishes. buy your new monte carlo ceiling fan from del mar designs. | 42 ceiling fanceiling fans that have 42 inch and smaller blade spans are available in many styles. buy your new 42ã¢?? ceiling fan from del mar designs. | minka aire conceptexhaust fan | 300101apkichler highland manor fan 300101ap in antique pewter is a traditional ceiling fan. buy your new low priced 300101ap ceiling fan from del mar designs about us | delivery time | designer discount | return policy | contact us | privacy policy | ceiling fan tips | lighting tips | site map © 2003-2011 del mar designs, inc. - 800-724-5501 mon - fri: 9am - 6pm, sat: 10am - 4pm