来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161212112518/http://www.delmarfans.com/educate/basics/how-to-install-a-ceiling-fan/
================================================================================

how to install a ceiling fan: a step-by-step installation guide from delmarfans.com questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software professional? • about us • contact us • hoursmon - thu: 8am - 8pm est,fri: 8am - 6pm est,sat: 10am - 4pm est,sun: 10am - 4pm (sales) search 1-800-724-5501 ceiling fans low profile fans outdoor ceiling fans fans with lights extra large fans efficient ceiling fans design your own fan lighting outdoor lighting chandeliers wall lighting pendants close to ceiling lights lamps recessed lighting landscape lighting cabinet lighting track lighting light bulbs led light bulbs fluorescent bulbs incandescent bulbs halogen light bulbs hid light bulbs dimmers incandescent dimmers low volt dimmers switches receptacles wall plates blog community conserve design diy install learn cart (0) free shipping on all orders over $40! click here for details we offer free shipping for most orders over $40 in the continental u.s. orders under $40 have a $2.99 shipping fee. most orders can be expedited at an additional charge. call 1-(800) 724-5501 or email sales@delmarfans.com for an international shipping quote. view full shipping details page hide details home > education center > install > do it yourself: ceiling fan installation blog|post 09/6/2013 do it yourself: ceiling fan installation mara bermudez / content writer installing a new ceiling fan is a thrifty way to reduce your energy bills without sacrificing comfort. a fan installation is a perfect weekend project for any avid do-it-yourselfer because it only requires a few hours to complete, and the payoff is immediate. you don't have to be a home improvement expert to install a ceiling fan, del mar fans & lighting's videos and instructions below can help you get started. open video transcript hi. i'm colby with del mar fans & lighting and i'm here to show you how to install a ceiling fan. we've got this light fixture in a popular area in the home and in the summer it just gets a little warm and in the winter it gets a little too cool. so we want to install a ceiling fan with a light kit, so that we can recirculate the cool air in the summer and recirculate the warm air in the winter and also have proficient light for all the tasks we need to do in the area. come join me, i'm going to uninstall this light fixture and then install the ceiling fan and of course remember before you uninstall any or install any electrical products in your home to turn the power off at the circuit breaker box. next you want to be sure that your junction box is rated for ceiling fans. this particular one is not so we're going to replace it with one that is and this junction box is rated for ceiling fans because it has a t-brace that supports the box within the joist in the ceiling. there are also junction boxes that mount directly to the joist in the ceilings that are also rated for ceiling fans. so come join me as i uninstall this one and install this one. now that we've installed our ceiling fan junction box, we're going to start to install our ceiling fan. we'll begin with the ceiling fan mounting bracket. we're going to mount that directly to our ceiling fan junction box. now we're going to head to the table and assemble the motor with the downrod assembly and then also put together the blades with the blade arms. now we're going to hang the motor assembly onto the mounting bracket. fits in like that and locks right in. since we're replacing a light fixture, typically that's going to come with one switch allowing you to control the light only. since we're installing a ceiling fan with a light combination, we're going to want to use a remote controlled or two wire wall control so that we can control this ceiling fan separate from the light. so what we've done is we've selected a ceiling fan with a two wire wall control and we're going to go ahead and install the receiver module in the canopy assembly first. ceiling fan would most likely come with a hardware pack that would include all the wire nuts you need as well to secure all of your wire connections. now that we got through the hard part, we're going to go ahead and install the ceiling fan blades to the motor housing. after the final blade is installed, i go around and tighten each one just one more turn. now that we have these cool blades installed, we're going to install the light kit. well, this completes the ceiling fan installation. now we can stay warm in the winter, cool in the summer and we have plenty of light to complete our tasks. take care and thanks for joining me here at del mar fans & lighting. for this ceiling fan installation video, we used casablanca fans. close transcript click here to view more installation videos. step by step ceiling fan installation guide no matter whether you are installing a new ceiling fan or replacing an existing ceiling fan, our instruction guide will help you install your newly purchased ceiling fan. review our safety rules determine ceiling fan location uninstall existing ceiling fan or light fixture install ceiling fan with box brace install ceiling fan with a downrod wire your ceiling fan controls enjoy your new ceiling fan! installation safety rules to reduce the risk of personal injury and property damage, follow the safety rules below: shut the power off at the circuit breaker box before beginning. verify there are no obstructions at the installation site. choose a ul-listed outlet box marked "acceptable for fan support". confirm the electrical connections comply with local codes, ordinances or national electric codes. read the manufacturer’s instructions for additional caution, safety and warning information. where to hang a ceiling fan? choosing an installation site is as important as selecting the ceiling fan itself. the right location ensures your safety as well as the fan's performance and efficiency. when selecting an installation site, consider the following details: ceiling fans provide optimal airflow when hung at least 8 to 9 feet above the floor. ceiling fan blades must hang at least 7 feet above the floor. if you are installing a fan on a high or sloped ceiling, you may need a longer downrod to maintain blade clearance. ceiling fan blades must hang at least 8 to 10 inches below the ceiling. ceiling fan blades must be at least 18 inches away from wall, doors, cabinets, and posts. confirm the location on the ceiling and the surrounding area is not cracked or damaged. how to uninstall a light fixture or ceiling fan? turn the power off at the circuit breaker and the wall switch. if removing a light fixture, uninstall the fixture in following order: glass fitters, light bulbs, canopy, and mounting bracket. if removing a ceiling fan, uninstall the fan in the following order: light kit, fan blades, canopy, motor assembly, and mounting bracket. how to install a ceiling fan box with brace? once you have identified the ideal location for your new ceiling fan, you will need to gather the following tools and materials to replace the existing electrical box with a ul-listed outlet box marked "acceptable for fan support". the outlet box generally supports up to 50 pounds. if your fan weighs more than 50 pounds when in motion, you will need a heavy duty brace for additional support. see del mar fans & lighting’s selection of ceiling fan mounting systems. remove existing electrical box remove any screws and washers with a screwdriver. pull the electrical box through the opening in the ceiling. be careful not to damage or crack the ceiling. if the box is stuck, place a scrap of wood in the electrical box and tap the wood with a hammer to loosen the box. remove any ceiling debris and/or dirt. install support brace with u-bolt insert the support brace into the opening in the ceiling and position the brace between the nearest two joists. turn the support brace with your hands until it lock into the joists. the teeth at the end of the brace will grip the joists and hold the brace in place. if needed, use a crescent wrench to finish tightening the brace. place the u-bolt over the safety brace with screws provided. install new outlet box remove a knockout on the outlet box and attach a cable clamp. feed the supply line through the clamp so the line extends 6 inches from the box. guide the outlet box through the opening in the ceiling and align the box with the u-bolt brace. if the hole in the ceiling is too small, use a keyhole saw to enlarge it. attach the outlet box directly to the brace with the washers and nuts provided. please note that the bottom of the box must be recessed a minimum of 1/16 inch into the ceiling. how to install a ceiling fan with a downrod installing a ceiling fan is not difficult, but it may take a few hours to complete based on the fan type and your home improvement experience. once you are ready to start, you will need the following materials and tools. see del mar fans & lighting’s recommended list of ceiling fan installation tools. install the mounting bracket secure the mounting bracket to the outlet box with the screws and washers provided. feed the electrical wires through the opening on the mounting bracket. remove the shipping blocks from the motor. discard the blocks, but save the screws for the blade iron installation. assemble motor housing loosen and trim the ceiling fan wires 6 inches longer than the downrod you're using. strip ½ inch of insulation from the end of all the wires. remove the setscrew on the motor coupling. thread wires through pre-assembled downrod and hand tighten downrod onto the motor coupling (about 4-5 full turns). fasten the setscrew on the motor coupling and tighten with pliers. pull the wires and downrod through the canopy. allow the canopy to sit loosely on top of the motor housing. ceiling fan wiring lift the motor assembly and place the downrod ball into the slot in the ceiling bracket. rotate until the fan locks into place. place wall control receiver into the mounting bracket. to connect the wires, hold the bare metal leads together and place a plastic wire connector over them, then twist clockwise until the connection is secure. wire fan and receiver to connect the ceiling fan wiring and receiver wires, follow the steps below: connect the grounding wires from the ceiling, downrod, and hanging bracket with a wire nut. connect the white wire from the fan and white wire from the receiver marked "to motor" with a wire nut. connect the black wire from the fan and black wire from the receiver marked "to motor" with a wire nut. connect the blue wire from the fan and blue wire from the receiver marked "to motor" with a wire nut. wire receiver and supply line to connect the supply line and the receiver, follow the steps below: connect black wire from the ceiling to black wire from the receiver marked "ac in" with a wire nut. connect white wire from the ceiling to white wire from the receiver marked "ac in" with a wire nut. turn the connections up and push them through the hanger bracket into the outlet box. separate the wire connections, with the grounded wires on one side of the outlet box and the ungrounded wires on the other side of the box. be careful not to pinch any wire connections. wire wall control to connect the wires to the wall control: remove the switch plate cover and remove all the wiring from the switch. connect the black wires in the outlet box. connect the two green wires from the outlet box to the grounding wires from the wall control. push all the wire connections into the outlet box. spread wire connections apart, with the grounded wires on one side of the box and black wires on the other side of the box. insert the wall control into the outlet box and secure with the two screws provided. install the switch plate cover with the two screws provided. install the canopy slide the canopy up to the mounting bracket and align the holes in the canopy with the screw holes on the bracket. insert the canopy screws provided into the holes and secure tightly. assemble and attach fan blades insert the grommets into the holes in the fan blades. secure each blade to the blade iron with the screws provided. lightly attach the blade irons to the motor housing with the screws provided. tighten all the screws once all the blades are attached. switch housing screw two housing assembly screws into the motor housing (it does not matter which screw holes you choose). feed the wire supply through the center hole of upper switch housing, then wrap the keyhole slots around the screws and twist counterclockwise to lock into place. insert the third screw and tighten all three screws. light kit connect the plugs from the upper and lower switch housings (make sure the colors line up). lift the lower switch housing up and line up with the screw holes in the upper switch housing. insert three switch housing screws and tighten all screws. loosen the thumbscrews on light kit and thread glass shade, then tighten the thumbscrew. install a bulb in each of the light sockets. please note that installing the light kit may vary depending on your ceiling fan with lights. connect pull chain connect the pull chain or fandangle to the short chain coming from the switch housing. sync wall control turn the power on at the circuit breaker and wall switch. sync the ceiling fan and wall switch (directions may vary with fan model). test fan verify the ceiling fan turns on and off, and operates on all speed settings. verify the lights turn on and off, and operate independently from the ceiling fan. if your fan includes a reverse function, confirm the fan blades spin in the opposite direction by reversing the airflow. see del mar fans & lighting's guide on how to reverse a ceiling fan. using your new ceiling fan using a ceiling fan with your air conditioning and heating system reduces energy consumption and increases utility bill savings. some homeowners have reported an annual savings of $500. remember, you may sacrifice a few hours to install a ceiling fan, but the comfort and savings is worth the time. stay connected join over 20,000 peoplethat receive tips and design updatestwice a month subscribe stuff here too categories all community conserve design diy install learn our authors popular "install" do it yourself: ceiling fan installation view testimonials of our great service and secure shopping experience. contact us 1821 holsonback drivedaytona beach, fl 32117 sales: sales@delmarfans.com support: csr@delmarfans.com call us: 1-(800) 724-5501 monday to thursday: 8am - 8pm est friday: 8am - 6pm est saturday: 10am - 4pm est sunday: 10am - 4pm est (sales) our company about contact returns & policies shipping site map trade program lighting blog testimonials products ceiling fans lighting light bulbs light dimmers stay connected join over 30,000 people that save moneyat del mar fans & lighting. signup thank you for your interest in del mar fans. we respect your privacy 2003-2016 del mar designs, inc. share: tweet