来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171224144721/http://www.delmarfans.com/testimonials/
================================================================================

testimonials javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. account my account my cart checkout register log in cart professional? about us contact us hours mon - fri: 8am - 8pm est,sat: 10am - 4pm estsun: 10am - 4pm est search: search 1-800-724-5501 cart x cart contents loading... ceiling fanslow profile fansoutdoor ceiling fansfans with lightsextra large fansefficient ceiling fansceiling fan accessorieslightingoutdoor lightingchandelierswall lightspendant lightsceiling lightslampsrecessed lightinglandscape lightingcabinet lightingtrack lightinglighting accessorieslight bulbsled light bulbsfluorescent bulbsincandescent bulbshalogen light bulbshid light bulbsdimmersincandescentlow voltage blog community conserve design diy install learn what's in the box professional? about us contact us hours mon - fri: 8am - 8pm est,sat: 10am - 4pm estsun: 10am - 4pm est need help? call our experts: 1-800-724-5501 - free shipping on all orders over $40! we offer free shipping for most orders over $40 in the continental u.s. orders under $40 have a $2.99 shipping fee. most orders can be expedited at an additional charge. call 1-800-724-5501 or email [email protected] for an international shipping quote. view full shipping details page hide details home > testimonials customer testimonials these are the testimonials we have received from our satisfied customers. jeffrey,thank you so much i appreciate all y'alls help and quick responses. this has to be the best customer service of any place i've ordered from. breauna c., 4/22/2016 bought my first ceiling fan from delmar fans. replacement for the fan in my wife’s project room.the new fan arrived quickly, made my wife happy. i put up the new fan and turned it on, lights worked and the fan didn’t. spent several hours trying to find a fix, the fan was locked up. went to bed that night with a very unhappy wife. early the next morning i sent an email to delmar fans explaining my fan problems. ok folks this is where i have had several bad experiences in the past. my wife remembers them all and reminded me when this fan didn’t work. that afternoon i got back a reply from delmar fans service folks. two days later a replacement fan arrived by ups. my wife’s happy and i am really impressed. i would highly recommend these folks as being top notch. jerry h., 4/1/2016 thank you! this has been a wonderful customer experience. i wish all companies performed this kind of due diligence. amy l., 2/26/2016 i would like to make a special mention of ms. laura mcnaughton, a representative at del mar fans. i briefly chatted with her on sunday for a product that i have been looking for. she couldnt find that in store as it was discontinued from the oem. she reached out to oem (casablanca fans) proactively, got the info of which product would work and sent me an email with the details. i did receive the same info from casablanca also (i had sent an email to them earlier), but laura's effort made me to buy this from del mar. with this experience, i will certainly come back to del mar and the credit goes to the effort by laura. saurabh l., 2/8/2016 goodness! we are so pleased with your promtness. you represent super professionalism & have given us great customer satisfaction. thank you for making us feel like special customers. shirley p., 12/31/2015 jeffrey,thanks again for your efforts and truly outstanding customer service. i wish more companies were like yours. dale k., 12/23/2015 i just got it..wow ..amazing customer service..from the web site thru the delivery and potential install...so glad i ordered from you..thank you...so very much.. susan s., 11/27/2015 thanks trent you have been very helpful i will look at that line mary s., 11/12/2015 jennie,thank you for all your help. you, trent & kevin have gone out of your way to help & advise us. i would refer your company anytime.thanks again & god bless jim p., 11/3/2015 good morning mr. pickens,we are both surprised and impressed with your incredible speed and thoughtfulness. thank you for taking care of this problem as quickly as you have. you are a great man.if we need to purchase additional fans or items in the future, we will look to purchase from your company first !! john f., 10/12/2015 ms. allen: thank you. i too wish the downrods would've worked. nonetheless, for all my future fan needs, i intend to call you first. really! for all my troubles with three ceiling fans, i wish i'd have shopped with you initially, because you above all others were courteous, knowledgeable, professional. i meant it. josh--i think that's whom i dealt with--was a total pro. hence, del mar fans and ligting are my future go-to business for all things fans and lighting related from now on. paul d., 9/30/2015 trent, thanks for the help and great service. steve m., 9/11/2015 trent, i want to thank you for all your assistance in getting me the correct fan parts and e-mailing me the quote so quickly. i'm really impressed with your customer service! i look forward to hearing from you on monday! thank you julie r., 8/30/2015 i'd like to thank josh for his help over the past few days. i purchased several fans and a few lights for a house that is not ready for them just yet. he was able to help me place my order so that i have no concerns about the shipping. he offered outstanding customer service and a great price. thanks again, josh. i will use del mar for any future needs too. eileen d., 8/22/2015 the pair arrived and were installed on saturday - in time for a small gathering - much of which took place around the pool house. everyone remarked how nice they looked.again, thanks for your help in making the selection. james f., 7/20/2015 accolades to delmar and you and jeff and kevin for the best service ever!!!! teresa s., 6/29/2015 this is for the owner/manager of trent krueger your wonderful sales rep, trent said i could leave feedback here for y'all to read. trent and i have been going back and forth for quite some time on some minka-aire products and he has helped me so very much with figuring out what items i need to make my space absolutely beautiful. he went the extra mile and found the additional that i couldn't find anywhere else. needless to say, trent saved the day! thank you so much and what a wonderful guy you have! truly satisfied! kristin r., 6/17/2015 good morning, i don't normally do these kinds of reviews (good or bad), but i want to personally thank trent krueger your sales rep for guiding me through my shopping on your website with such ease and expertise. i have talked to many places like home depot, lowes, build.com, and many other retailers and no one has given me the patience and kindness i have received from del mar fans and lighting. trent has helped me narrow my search to some very beautiful items that i am going to buy very soon from him. i just have to say i am very satisfied with the level of service i have received! highly recommend del mar for everyone looking for items in this industry. thanks trent and the rest of del mar fans and lighting! sean m., 6/16/2015 i want to personally thank your wonderful sales rep trent krueger for all of his hard work! he did an amazing job on getting back to me quickly with fan options that and i couldn't be any happier. you have a very great guy on your sales team that is very professional and friendly. i just wanted to let you guys know i appreciate everything and i am looking to place an order soon! i will defiantly be recommending everyone to speak with trent at del mar fans! james m., 6/2/2015 good morning, i wanted to write you regarding the experience i had with one of your sales reps/company. we are in the process of adding a large screened in deck with a roof. i found your website looking for ceiling fans.your website is very easy to use and very helpful as far as finding all the "additional" items that one might need for their purchase. my main reason for writing this email is to tell you how much i appreciated the help i received from your sales rep josh huesser. he is the primary reason i called back and ordered from del mar fans. i found the same fan i ordered on amazon, and even a little cheaper, but i chose to call back josh because he was so helpful to me yesterday. he was extremely kind and courteous and so helpful in letting me know when to expect the fan, making sure i had what i needed and even gave me 10% off when the one i originally wanted was out of stock until july. he is truly an asset to your company.i was so pleased with my purchasing experience, i even emailed the name of your company to my contractor if he should have other customers that are looking for fans or lights.i look forward to calling again should i need another in the future. michele b., 5/6/2015 you did an excellent job with this order. from the moment you picked up the phone ,you understood my needs, executed the order , and delivered the order all in a timely and professional manner.great job! scott r., 4/10/2015 josh helped me considerably with this purchase. he's a keeper. joan f., 4/9/2015 josh,i knew when you answered the phone- you are impressive with customer service! even if this doesn't work out i really appreciate the effort you have put into finding my lights. you will be my expert of choice in the future. you can forward this to your manager :) erin b., 3/31/2015 i want to have you recognize the a++ customer service i received from one of your sales rep's, josh huesser.from the minute i came across the delmar site and josh answered some questions for me through your chat live service, right until i placed my order, josh was one of the best sales staff i have dealt with in ages - in any capacity. i have always worked in customer service and as a result i can be a bit more critical, as i expect the same quality of service as i try and deliver. josh overwhelmed me with his well written replies to my emailed questions, his follow up on any questions i had, his knowledge of your products and his willingness to go above and beyond to ensure i received exactly the product i was looking for. equally as helpful when i placed my order by phone, i cannot tell you how much confidence i have in my purchase just based on the service i received from josh.thank you for ensuring you have top notch service personnel, because my decision to order through delmar was based solely on one staff members positive attitude when it came to customer service!i look forward to receiving my purchase, and i hope i have the opportunity to deal with your company again one day. maxine s., 3/14/2015 wow jennie, you give great service and make these things easy! tanya m., 2/16/2015 thank you for this information. i'll share this with my husband and we'll let you know. it's so nice to have a company with such good customer service. i've ordered from you before and have been very pleased with your products and look forward to ordering from you again. peg m., 2/16/2015 josh, thank you so much for your amazing help. we went to the condo today and decided we needed a 42" and a 48" hugger fan in the antique bronze. i will call you on monday ( don't know if you work mon). if not, tues will be fine. if possible i would like to order it over the phone, but if not i'll do my best to do it on line. unfortunately, you're dealing with your grandparents!!! if possible, please give me the email address of your manager. we've been in your place before and know how nice it is to let people know when their customer service is excellent. maxine b., 2/15/2015 jennie and jeffry,you are a rarity in today’s business world, a class act with integrity. you understand what so few companies today do: "put the customer first and everything else (including profits) will follow." you have earned my trust with this one relatively small transaction so please advise me of everything you sell and i’ll do my best to do business with you again. james d., 2/14/2015 thank you both! (tris & jeff)what a wonderful attitude and action by a company. you have restored my faith in american companies and internet business transactions. your attitude and approach will pay delmar fans great dividends now and into the future. i will shop with you again. fans are not a high volume item for me, but i will shop with you again and recommend others do as well. ….and i do know a few construction contractors and landlords.now, if the fan works as hoped/expected and i do a good job installing it, we will have made a wonderful christmas present for my sister. ps - very good pricing & huge selection – you kick the heck out of lowe’s and home depot! jerry j., 12/12/2014 jeffrey, the returned fan should have been delivered oct. 24, 2014 at ormond beach, fl. the return slip was inside the fan box. the replacement fan has been installed and is working just fine. i want to again thank you for all your assistance. i am still amazed at how much attention you have paid to this process and your interest in making sure everything was done correctly. : – ) dennis m., 10/25/2014 point is i spoke to jeff in customer service today regarding my minkaaire issue (on a saturday) and bingo......fixed with grace, professionalism and good humor! i am a small renovator so i will have future needs. your company will be my first stop and likely my last..... dennis p., 10/11/2014 hi jeffrey, i must say i am totally amazed at your willingness to work through this adventure and certainly blown away that you and your company are so willing to adjust the situation to make it as easy as possible. because of you, i will take you up on your offer. yes, please send the replacement fan and i will box up the first fan as best i can and return it in the new box. please understand, the returned fan will most likely not be packaged as nicely as the factory did it, but i will do my best. also, there is no need to send the replacement fan via 2nd day air but if you make sure that it has a tracking number, that would be helpful. again, the idea of paying extra for 2nd day delivery just isn’t necessary. as you stated earlier, you will supply an email for a prepaid fedex return label. i will use that to return the fan. honestly, jeffrey, i am very thankful for your assistance and if you need any further information from me, please don’t hesitate to ask. i am assuming you have the make, model, color etc. of the fan as well as my address. dennis m., 10/8/2014 we recently purchased some fans for our household from you, and i just wanted to thank you for the super-fast delivery and for getting everything right. we bought 2 fans and some additional hardware from you, and these fans match two others that we had previously purchased locally a few years ago. i won't name names, but the local chain lighting store was slower to get us our merchandise, and the additional hardware we ordered from them for the sloped ceilings didn't even match one of the fans. our experience with your company was quite a pleasant one! cheryl n., 9/15/2014 dear owner/general manager, i want to applaud one of your sales reps: josh huesser at ext. 424. i was very disappointed when another online company backordered a fan for 5 weeks to tell me it was discontinued. josh went the extra mile to call the manufacturer for me and found the exact fan i wanted had only had a model number change and was available. we were matching another fan in the house so it was important to me that it was an exact match. josh was great and i wanted to let you know. thank you for your company and your great customer service. the fan looks great. stacy d., 9/9/2014 just wanted to say i was very pleased with your company . i ordered a fan and it came in a timely manner . i was putting into a room that already had one like it. one part was slightly different and i talked to jeff in cs. he found the part i needed and i received it in 2days so now both fans are alike. thanks for your good customer service. nancy k., 8/27/2014 josh i want to thank you for all your help. it was pleasant speaking with you, again you went above and beyond l appreciate all of your help. penny t., 8/22/2014 thanks jason!! you have been a huge help! sheri k., 8/12/2014 wow !!! you are a hell of a guy !!!!!! you know after closer examination of this it appears to have been damaged before going to its protective hard foam capsule.the hard foam protective cover has no noticeable damage.....maybe at the factory ??? anyway thankyou and everyone who has seen these are in awe !!!! maybe i can drum up more business for you thankyou a 1000 times bill in carson city bill b., 8/11/2014 thank you, josh. you deserve a gold star for your "above and beyond" efforts!i know minka-aire to be a fine, reliable brand and i can tell you understood my wanting the amber light kit.however, i was searching for a fan with a bit more of the craftsman/mission look. lois f., 7/30/2014 had to tell you people that josh was a serious pleasure to deal with.i was "shopping" and had contacted several other companies and got quotes.his customer service was the best !!! william b., 7/28/2014 mr. harris,your expedient reply and outstanding customer service is exemplary! wonderful!we are in the process of remodeling and will certainly purchase the remaining fans and light fixtures from you.thank you again. debra b., 7/22/2014 thankyou for your help wayne m., 6/9/2014 i absolutely love the fan! it's gorgeous, and looks so much better then my old one. i kick myself for having waited this long to replace it.thank you so much for all your help in making this happen for me. andrea t., 6/5/2014 i just ordered a fan through your company and i want to let you know that i worked with josh both online and both on voice and i received so much help from him and he was so helpful, i never ordered a chandelier in my life and i'm 63, he kind of walked me all through it and explained why i needed to go with the size that it was and i just thought you ought to know that i was so pleased with his helpfulness today. okay, bye! sue w., 5/28/2014 i just wanted to thank you for helping me to find the correct remote control for my ceiling fan. it worked out perfect and we are using it every day. muriel s., 5/16/2014 i recently ordered a fan from delmar and was helped by jessica on the telephone. she did an outstanding job in helping me choose the right fan and light kit. she spent an abundant amount of time on the phone with me on more than one occasion to answer numerous questions as well as calling the manufacturer for specifics. she is extremely helpful and knowledgeable about your products. employees are usually not recognized when they go above and beyond to assist a customer. jessica is definitely an asset to your organization and i am so grateful for her time and assistance in making this recent purchase. possibly, a bonus is in order! linda c., 5/6/2014 thanks jeffrey for all your help. i really recommend your company for anyone that wants to purchase lighting. i have told a few of my friends already. marianne b., 5/6/2014 thank you. shipment arrived safe and sound on april 15th.we appreciate the excellent service your group provided. douglas w., 4/16/2014 in any event, everyone that we have worked with at del mar fans has been most helpful. thanks again! thanks for your help. jason, you have been a pleasure to work with. pat h., 3/26/2014 if i had to sum up del mar in one word, it would have to be incredible. we have been in the process of building a new home for the past year. when it was time for ceiling fans (16) to be ordered, i had no idea where to get them because i was not happy with what the local building supply store had. i turned to the internet and found an online store which my son looked up reviews for. decided it was not the route i wanted to go. i did more searching and found del mar and its reviews, the rest is history. never have i had such excellent service. friendly, fast, efficient, and real, caring customer service. oh, and did i mention really great prices. from the first time i called to check on a price match, to ordering, shipping updates and service after receiving the fans (one had a problem)each person i have dealt with has been extremely helpful and professional. del mar has set the bar very high and other companies could learn a lot from them. donna s., 1/31/2014 just wanted to thank you for your stellar customer service in replacing the mikaaire supra that was way too big for my apartment. so nice to know that customer satisfaction still matters! carrie s., 12/11/2013 good afternoon; and thanks again for your excellent service. genaro m., 12/2/2013 hi jessica, i wanted to say, everyone i have spoken with at del mar fans including yourself has delivered excellent customer service. i will go out of my way to shop with you in the future. thank you for the above average experience, and please do forward this on to your supervisor. danny p., 11/7/2013 hi jason - just wanted to let you know that both of your e-mails to this account arrived as soon as we hung up, and the one you sent to the other account was there when i next checked. thank you again for the excellent service and assistance you provided to me. if i knew to whom i should write, i would send a glowing report to your supervisor. milt w., 10/23/2013 thanks, jason. this has been a great first-time-customer experience. have a great weekend misha s., 10/18/2013 i really appreciate your help, and love your store. you've made our new house look great! ashley m., 10/7/2013 melissa, i just wanted to say thank you for getting my fan parts. they arrived today and the fan is finally assembled and operating. i, as you, are in the customer service field and it is important to hear when someone is glad to have good service. jeffrey l., 10/1/2013 hi melissa! my fans were installed today and i am very pleased. i wrote reviews for each of the fans. i will be calling in a few weeks to order an additional remote for the white fan. i opted not to wire any of them with the wall switches. thanks again for your assistance in helping me place my order. ashley b., 9/26/2013 thanks. you guys rock. i received better service from you guys (online chat/phone/email) than from my local lighting shop so i ordered from you. just wanted to let you know. i appreciate it. ed w., 8/7/2013 many thanks for your help yesterday. the customer service we've received from your company throughout this whole ordering process has been excellent (our first fan was not delivered and fedex was not very helpful at all). so we greatly appreciate your assistance. i'm sorry the fan didn't work out either. i'm sure we'll be back to order from your website in the future. barry j., 8/6/2013 i just wanted to reach out and thank you for the customer service provided to me by melissa. i have a challenging outdoor application and she was very knowledgeable and helpful. she even called hunter fans for more information for me and provided a link to the hunter support document. she is a valuable asset to your company and truly refreshing to correspond with, especially in a time when good customer service seems to be rare. if you have any questions for me and want further detail, i'm happy to provide it. i was just so pleased with her detailed responses that i felt it worthwhile to take my time and provide that feedback. del mar fans is now my go-to place to buy fans! curt k., 7/24/2013 jessica, thanks for keeping me posted on the status of the returned fan. i also appreciate your excellent communication throughout this process and the fitness with which you handled this. you left me with a good impression of delmar as a company that is customer-friendly. i did receive the new fan from delmar in the finish we want. eileen l., 7/18/2013 thank you, jessica. with this excellent customer service, i will call upon delmar fans whenever i can. for starters, i will be ordering a monte carlo grand isle fan in the next few weeks. ralph p., 7/2/2013 thank you! i have to say i am truly impressed by your prompt an friendly response in this matter. it is most unusual in today's environment. your company is lucky to have you! royce r., 6/27/2013 i just received the fan today. thank you for your help! susan p., 6/25/2013 jessica, thank you so much for your help. i apologize for my angry tone in the previous email. i was so disappointed at not being able to finish our project on time that i lost perspective in the situation. i was unkind and disrespectful of your efforts and i am sorry. i appreciate your help on this and i realize that things like this happen. i will look for the follow up tracking info. thanks again. rick r., 6/24/2013 sarah, thanks for great customer service. that's what truly makes a company stand out!! i do congressional work which of course is all about customer service. thanks again. elizabeth c., 6/12/2013 i've received the 2 chains. great customer service! thank you del mar. marlene p., 6/5/2013 thank you. i have been on the customer support business for some very large organizations prior to retiring. i would like to tell you that you are one of the few people that go above and beyond in your willingness to provide outstanding service. you are worth your weight in gold! take care and keep up the great work. you represent you and your company very well! travis g., 5/31/2013 i just wanted to thank everyone for their help in fixing the problems i had with my order. you guys went above and beyond on making me a satisfied customer. i will recommend you to anyone and everyone. thank you thank you thank you! brian e., 5/23/2013 thank you for your email, i don't twitter or facebook. the fan and light fixture has been installed and works great! we are very pleased, we will be buying more fans in the future and you will be the first website we visit. david d., 4/25/2013 thank you jason for the great service. itay c., 4/5/2013 hello, i am writing to acknowledge the excellent customer service provided by melissa at extension 424. over this past weekend i contacted del mar fans with a ceiling fan installation issue. the brand of my ceiling fan was not clear, and was also not purchased from del mar. however, melissa took the time to listen to my issue and help determine the make and model of my item to find the proper installation/owner's manual. thanks to her patience, courtesy and suggestions i was able to correct my issue with the limited information i was able to provide. please extend my gratitude to melissa and the company. thank you. len c., 4/4/2013 hello jeffrey, thank you very much for the quick response. my experience with your company’s customer service has been excellent. we’ll look forward to getting the order. bob m., 3/19/2013 jeffrey, i received my replacement light bulb for my fan away. thank you very much for the quick response. it's the only light in my kitchen, so i really appreciate your response. now i need to contact an electrician or handyman to install it. catherine h., 3/19/2013 thank you, jason. you could not have been more helpful,i will certainly buy something from your company. probably the hunter. john d., 3/13/2013 first of all let me thank you for your assistance it was a great experience knowing the integrity of you and your company i will let everyone i know the expert way you and your company does business in this economy today we need to work as professionals at all times and you and your company fit the bill please except my gratitude and rest assure i will promote your company to anyone that is looking for your product! norm v., 2/26/2013 thanks for taking care of it and it really wasn't a problem. i am very pleased with all my experiences with delmar! harvey l., 2/18/2013 thank you so much. i can't tell you how much i appreciate your help and the customer service you've been providing. i'd be happy to pass that on to your supervisor if you'd like… just say the word! pamela p., 2/11/2013 i greatly appreciate your help ! it's nice to know that there is still great customer service out there and i will have nothing but good things to say about your company !! have a great day scott g., 2/9/2013 for several days i've been searching for a replacement for the large lights at the end of my driveway. every light on my home is the same style, but has been discontinued. i did not want to replace any of them. in an online chat with melissa staffa i gave her the manufacturer and style no. for the lights. after checking with others and other lighting retailers, no one could help me. melissa was able to find the necessary replacement part for the light. it's rare to find an employee who cares so very much about their customers. she did a great job and helped me more than i can tell you. this has certainly instilled loyalty in me toward your company. sherry g., 1/11/2013 thank you so much! i received the tracking information, they should be here this friday. the service i have received from del mar designs has been superior. i had placed this identical order with a local company around thanksgiving only to be told last week that they had not even placed the order with casa yet. my contractor needed to finish this job and the fans were holding him up. i can't thank you enough for responding so quickly to this order and securing a fast delivery of the entire order. larissa w., 1/8/2013 i finally got to install my light kit for a ceiling fan that i also previously purchased from you. it was for our vacation condo that we went to this past weekend. i'm always hesitant about ordering things online but am very happy with the quality of both the fan and light. linda w., 12/17/2012 as ordered, i received the fan and remote control. thank you for your prompt attention. i know where to look next time i need lighting or ceiling fans. claudia t., 12/12/2012 i’m now back and can reply to your request for info on my defective fan. i guess my contractor has the original receipt, so if you’re able to pull it up, i can give you a pretty good description. if i recall, there are about ten fans on the order. several are in multiples, but only one has a quantity of 2. the installation instructions are for models at52, cv52, cxl52, fi52, mi52, p252, px52, and sn52. i think ours is the px52, but i don’t know what color other than a dark bronze(?). i hope this helps. you and del mar designs have been great to work with! you have answered all of my questions and concerns and addressed each one in a quick and extremely satisfactory manner. i would never hesitate to recommend you! robert h., 11/26/2012 that’s great jeff! thanks for your help – this certainly went beyond my expectations for service and i’ll happily order from you guys again! michael r., 10/31/2012 some of our lights arrived the day after i ordered them and the rest arrived the following day! they are already up and look great. thanks for your superior customer service! ellen s., 10/26/2012 thanks for getting back to me, jeffrey. your customer service is exceptional. this is the second fan we've purchased from your firm and we've recommended del mar to our neighbors. toni d., 10/16/2012 thanks for your great service. fans will be installed in nov. hope they are are ok!!! june h., 10/10/2012 order arrived in timely manner. all is okay. fan installed and running, thanks. a. m. h., 10/5/2012 i'll definitely use del mar again when i need lights/fans. your customer service is great. you have no idea how many things have gone badly the past few weeks and people doing the customer service jobs just dont care enough to even try to fix it. its so nice dealing with someone that actually helps! ya'll correct my shipping address earlier with no hassle either, thanks!!!! danny o., 10/4/2012 some of our lights arrived the day after i ordered them and the rest arrived the following day! they are already up and look great. thanks for your superior customer service! ellen s., 10/4/2012 ive received the package on time, thanks a lot. your service is remarkable! itay c., 9/27/2012 i will be another three weeks before the under deck will be completed and the two fans installed but we just wished to thank you for the wonderful experience with your sales staff while we worked through this purchase. you set an extremely high standard when it comes to expertise, service, and customer interaction. bob n., 9/27/2012 our cordova fan arrived today. we won't have time to take it out of the box b/c we have the house torn up for remodeling. but, may try to check it out later this week. anyway, i wanted to thank you for working with me during the last two months while i was waiting on the fan. it sure made me less nervous knowing where it was in the process. little things like that are really appreciated by customers. i can't give you a tip or hug, so all i can do is thank you for going that extra mile. danell l., 9/19/2012 thanks - you have the best customer service i have come across in years!! keep up the good work and we will be buying from your company again. vickie a., 8/28/2012 i can't say enough about your service though. you did everything you said you would do in the time you said you would. i appreciate it very much. patrick g., 8/22/2012 hi, my name is kevin, i just received the part they sent under warranty. just wanted to thank you guys, it's working perfectly, and again, it was the remote control module, for the hunter fan. just wanted to thank you again, i appreciate how quick it was getting the part to me, i will do business with you in the future, thank you. kevin r., 8/20/2012 just a short one, i love my fans! everything that i've purchased from your company has been wonderful, even when i purchased the wrong thing, there was no problem with returning it. you'all have the best prices and service around! nancy k., 8/15/2012 not a question, a comment- your customer service (so far) is superior! thanks for the support regarding a product problem. charles s., 8/8/2012 excellent web site. i like the dimensions, ratings, and user manual downloads david m., 8/5/2012 thanks, jeffrey. this is really great customer service and we appreciate it very much. i will take your recommendations into consideration and order a replacement. molly r., 7/26/2012 cynthia, thank you so much for your follow-through. it is extremely rare these days to find someone so willing to help and provide great customer service. my minka lavery light fixture arrived yesterday. your shipping service is awesome. i look forward to receiving the fan. i've been passing the word about delmar fans -- you have one very satisfied customer. thank you!! joyce c., 7/21/2012 thank you for your prompt solution, our electrical contractor was very impressed and asked for the information on your company for future projects. we will also keep your company handy for use on our commercial projects. kim u., 7/18/2012 i want to write a review on your company and the product i purchased of which i find both to be, outstanding. if you can direct me as to where i can write a review, i would gladly describe the excellent service i received from you and your company. bill c., 7/11/2012 great fan with great service. thanks delmar designs donald m., 7/6/2012 thanks for all of your help this morning. i appreciate your patience over the poor cell phone connection. joe h., 7/5/2012 thanks for the "follow-through" on this credit and thanks for being a wondeful company to deal with.i originally ordered my minka-aire gauguin fan from another company. since the roof on my new deck was not built yet, i wasn't sure whether to order a 36 or 48-inch downrod. so, i ordered both with the intent to return one of them after i knew which size worked best. the other company had a cumbersome and restrictive return policy. so, i looked around again and found del mar. from talking with jason, i decided to cancel my order with the other company and go with del mar designs. i needed the fan quick because the deck and roof were under construction. the fan came first, but no downrods. i contacted del mar. sarah responded that they were supposed to arrive the next day, and they did (i had no documentation that informed me they would come in different shipments). both jason and sarah were "unusually" polite and provided me the best customer service. i can't say the same for the other company.the gauguin fan looks awesome on our new deck and we are very happy with it. please pass on my appreciation to jason, sarah, and del mar, for the outstanding service! lew j., 6/18/2012 very helpful and promptthanks very much vicki c., 6/8/2012 i purchased a set of the ambience 12123-0 table lamps which were lost by fedex. i immediately contacted delmar customer service upon notification of delivery and they arranged for immediate replacement. i received my replacement lamps within 48 hours and they are simply beautiful. i will definitely be ordering from this company again!! so glad i found them :). amadi e. l., 5/30/2012 jasonmany, many thanks for your e-mail - the information provided is way beyond the call of duty! declan m., 5/30/2012 thank you! we appreciate how simple that was to complete. this is another reason we will keep coming back to del mar designs. we will actually be ordering more items from del mar later this week. thanks, again. mark k., 5/24/2012 your service was exceptional thanks terry m., 5/23/2012 thanks - the other shpments have been great and i appreciate your wonderful service! john k., 5/10/2012 thank you so much for great customer services! you guys have been extremely helpful! t. w. c., 5/9/2012 jeffrey, thank you very much! del mar designs has won my future business for sure! ramona d., 5/1/2012 that was an amazingly fast delivery! john w., 4/26/2012 wow! thanks so much for your help! awesome customer service! thanks again! traci f., 4/25/2012 the fan is already here, you give great service. thank you. susan s., 4/10/2012 jeffrey,fedex just delivered - many thanks for your help! outstanding customer service. kevin t., 4/4/2012 thanks for such an easy experience on-line. i look forward to my fan coming! adam t., 4/3/2012 you are simply amazing!! i'm so happy we placed our order with you and that you are so proactive in making sure that the order is what's required to complete our fan kit.i'm not used to this kind of customer service and if there is a place on your website for reviews, i'd be more than happy to post a positive review.thank you again. michele a., 4/2/2012 jeffreywanted to let you know that the new blades arrived and are in excellent condition. i've already installed them and they look great!!thank for the excellent customer service. very much appreciated. kevin m., 3/26/2012 i want to thank jeff and jason for all their help!! great people in del mar lighting!! thank you!! mary ann c., 3/11/2012 thank you so much jeff!! you make this all very easy!! great to do business with you!! maryann c., 2/14/2012 hi, i just wanted to tell you that, after looking at dozens of other internet sites, i am ordering from delmar because you have (by far) the most comprehensive and accurate product information available, in additional to an easy to understand and navigate web site. thank you from an avid internet shopper! you've made my life much easier. tina c., 12/12/2011 please be sure to credit jason with this order, he has been a prince ever since we first embarked on this ceiling fan experiment and i would personally urge anyone who needs customized (and above all intelligent) help to call delmar and ask for jason directly. we simply couldn't have managed this without you!! skye m., 10/21/2011 thanks a lot! i want you to know that when i was initially looking at ceiling fans i sent you (or someone at your store) a question as to whether this fan has a reverse switch. i promptly got an email back saying yes, with a photo of the switch.now that's good service, i thought. and so i bought the fan from you. john b., 9/12/2011 thanks so much for your help. the fan works great...i'll be sure to reccommend delmar. jeff c., 9/10/2011 thank you, cynthia!my husband installed it this last weekend. it works! and it looks great!thank you for standing by your product. amy b., 8/19/2011 i placed the order for our system. i cannot thank you enough for your patient, professional and extremely valuable assistance. you are a true asset to del mar and i hope your employers are aware of that. in the future, if i should need other products your company provides, you can be sure i will go first to del mar. thank you again for all your hard work and patience in working with david and me. you are very much appreciated!!! michael m., 8/19/2011 i tried to go online to the sales site to write a review, but didn't find exactly where to do it. so, i'm emailing to let you know how very very pleased i am with my purchase.i happened to see a similar fan at a local lowes. i came home and googled the brand. through that process, i came across your company---one that "i" wasn't familiar with. but, i took a chance. as i stepped through the ordering process and recognized the site going secure i was more comfortable. the followup email from you also eased my anxiety of dealing with an unfamiliar company. then when my fan arrived, i immediately checked the contents of the box and found everything to be of great quality and true to the online picture and description.but the absolute best part----i turned off all my house power and hung it myself!!! i'll never do that alone again, because the fan is extremely heavy (to me) and i was fortunate that i didn't drop anything! but i read and reread the instructions and proceeded exactly as the instructions directed. i had a red wire in my ceiling that didn't match any on the fan, so i had to call my little brother to find out what to do with that one!! i was nervous when i turned the power back on and when i turned on the fan for the first time. the fan is absolutely beautiful, it's quiet, it's just wonderful!!thank you for your sales/shipping professionalism and for marketing such a fine product!! sharon b., 8/17/2011 wow! we already received our fans. i ordered the fans on july 11th and had them sitting at my door on july 14th!! this is awesome!!! ordering the same fans through lowe's would have cost us $200 more dollars and it would have taken us over a month to receive our fans. thank you so much and consider yourselves our new fan source. lena d., 7/14/2011 thank you very much for sending replacement fans! my husband and i are extremely impressed with your customer service! we understand that it is not your company's fault that the hunter fans we brought are loud. however, you have been far more responsive to our complaint about them than hunter was when i contacted them. they wanted me to find the manufacture date from the top of the motor (which is not on the external housing) and call them back to decide what to do further. what a pain. you were simply willing to make the exchanges. we hope these are as are quiet as we expect so i can just send you the "old" fans and not have to deal with hunter any further. hopefully they will give you a credit.my husband will be traveling for the next two weeks so he will install the new ones after he gets home. i will wait for the shipping label to send you the noisy ones.thank you again for your amazing customer support. it is rare to find these days. we will gladly recommend you to our family and friends! nancy t., 7/7/2011 jeffrey, you are a miracle worker. thank you so much for your help and patience this afternoon, and again, my apologys for all the phone calls.please also convey my appreciation to your manager. these kinds of gestures are very much appreciated by customers and definitely help when deciding to place more orders. i will be sure to let my family and friends know how well i was treated by del mar. kathy t., 6/28/2011 installing the emerson midway eco fan was more complicated: it arrived from del mar designs, (delmarfans.com) without a parts bag. for nearly $450 (with free shipping) a fan ought to come with all its two-penny screws and pins.after a no-hassle phone call to del mar, the company contacted emerson, which shipped a replacement bag overnight. the fan was blowing on the first 90-degree day of the year. new york times, 6/16/2011 over the past two years, i have purchased four ceiling fans from you for my home in hinesville, ga. each purchase experience was significantly enhanced by the superb service and support i received from your customer service representatives - jay and jason. as a retired business person, i tend to take a much more critical view of the customer support i receive from a merchant. during each purchase and follow-up, jay and jason exceeded my highest expectations. i give them my highest recommendation for customer service and support: they are outstanding. michael p. s., 6/7/2011 i just received my fan! thanks for going the extra mile. i'll be brining my business back to you. one of the best experiences (if not the best) i've had in many many purchases over the internet. thanks again, todd b., 5/31/2011 thanks for your quick response and resolution.this is my first order with your company...impressed so far. gerry c., 5/23/2011 you guys are awesome.many thanks! valerie j., 5/10/2011 i just want to write some good words to your service.i just received 8 lightings i've order to delmar designs, and everything was well wrapped, and all the glasses are in excellent condition.so i am very happy with your service, i had good price for ordering 8 items, a good price of shipping (to canada), everything in very good condition, an the items are the same i was waiting for, identicals as the pictures of the web site.thank you very much, and if i need others things, you can be sure i'll order again in the future!thank you manon b., 4/29/2011 thank you for your effort in finding the information for me. because of your excellent customer service assistance, i will be purchasing the fan from you, and not from another vendor who was not as helpful in answering my questions. it seems customer service today is not what is used to be, and i appreciate it when a customer is treated well, which you have most certainly done. thank you, and please continue with your excellent service. bill c., 4/18/2011 we received the fan yesterday evening, the electrician has installed it and everything seems to be working fine. thank you again so much for your attention to this matter and excellent customer service. i will certainly recommend your company to anyone else looking for these type items and remember you all in the future. tammy m., 4/18/2011 view testimonials of our great service and secure shopping experience. contact us 1821 holsonback drive daytona beach, fl 32117 sales: [email protected].com support: [email protected] call us: 1-800-724-5501 monday to friday: 8am - 8pm est saturday: 10am - 4pm estsunday: 10am - 4pm est our company about contact returns & policies shipping site map trade program lighting blog testimonials careers products ceiling fans lighting light bulbs light dimmers stay connected join over 31,000 subscribers who save money with del mar fans & lighting. newsletter sign up for our newsletter: signup we respect your privacy © 2003-2018 del mar fans & lighting. all rights reserved. questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software ​