来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141227183807/http://www.coldwatercreek.com/faqs/faqs.html
================================================================================

faqs | coldwater creek skip to content free shipping on $100 orders. free returns on everything. details sign in | wishlist | shopping bag 0 coldwater creek search catalog search sign in | wishlist | shopping bag 0 what's new misses misses view all clearance on sale this week holiday looks buy one, get one 50% off sweaters knit tops & tees shirts & blouses sweatshirts jackets & outerwear pants & skirts jeans no-iron shirt collection accessories view all holiday saleup to 75% off petites petites view all clearance on sale this week buy one, get one 50% off sweaters knit tops & tees shirts & blouses pants & skirts jeans no-iron shirt collection vests accessories view all holiday saleup to 75% off women's plus women's plus view all clearance on sale this week buy one, get one 50% off sweaters knit tops & tees shirts & blouses pants & skirts jeans no-iron shirt collection vests accessories view all holiday saleup to 75% off accessories accessories view all jewelry scarves view all holiday saleup to 75% off gifts gifts view all sweaters stocking stuffers cold weather holiday themed our favorites luxe gifts view all holiday saleup to 75% off shop all categories shop all categories view all clearance on sale this week holiday looks buy one, get one 50% off sweaters knit tops & tees shirts & blouses sweatshirts jackets & outerwear pants & skirts jeans no-iron shirt collection accessories view all holiday saleup to 75% off huge after christmas sale + up to 75% off other select styles details your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. frequently asked questions coldwater creek what is the new coldwater creek? who owns coldwater creek? is coldwater creek owned by talbots? will the new coldwater creek be targeting a different customer? will the new coldwater creek offer the same products as they did before? will the pricing be similar to the old coldwater creek? will the quality be the same? are you going to open stores? when will you mail your first catalog? will you be able to honor a previously issued coldwater creek gift card, store credit, groupon or other coupon? will you have a loyalty program similar to the original one offered by coldwater creek? will this re-launched company really be the coldwater creek we know and love or is it just the same name? will there be career opportunities with coldwater creek? ordering do you have a catalog? do you offer livechat? can i place my order by phone? how do i place an order by mail? how can i browse for products? how do i know whether a product is in stock, on back-order, or just not available? where do i find more information about an item? when i click to add an item to my shopping bag i get an error message? i tried to checkout and the item in my shopping bag disappeared, what happened? am i getting my "2-for" pricing? how will i receive notification of my order? how will i know my order processed? how will i know my order shipped? i made a mistake on my order, or changed my mind; can i change or cancel my order? i received my order, but one item was missing. what should i do? i just ordered something, but now it is on sale. do you honor price adjustments? if a promotion or sale says it concludes at the ‘end of the day’, what does that mean? contact us how can i get assistance if i need it? payment payment options sales tax promotions and coupons shipping shippping options where orders ship to and expected delivery time: 48 contiguous united states alaska or hawaii military apo/fpo addresses u.s. territories, including puerto rico, us virgin islands and guam p.o. boxes my account i signed up to receive coldwatercreek.com emails; do i also have an account? what are the benefits of signing up for a coldwatercreek.com account? can i change my account information, including my email address? i previous had an account with coldwater creek inc., will it work on the coldwatercreek.com site? gifting can i purchase a gift card on coldwatercreek.com? can i include a gift message in my order? do you offer gift packaging? can i ship to multiple addresses? product what type of products do you offer? do you offer special sizes? where can i find size charts? what is the difference between misses, woman and petite sizing? if i am still not sure about what size would be best, how can i get more information? do the color chips on your web site clearly represent the merchandise color selection? returns and exchanges coldwatercreek.com return policy price adjustment policy make a return by mail need to make an exchange? gift returns technical help how do i get on your mobile website? what is the best way to view coldwatercreek.com website? why am i having trouble logging into my account? how do i go to your website from an ipad or other tablet device? coldwater creek what is the new coldwater creek? coldwater creek is a catalog and online-based specialty retailer of women’s apparel and accessories. it is the next evolution of the coldwater creek brand that many loyal customers have come to know and love for more than three decades. coldwater creek direct remains focused on its core customers, and intends to offer many of the same beloved basics, unique and new products that people expect, consistent with the heritage of the brand. return to top ↑ who owns coldwater creek? the coldwater creek brand and certain other assets were purchased out of bankruptcy by a private equity firm that has a belief in the heritage and potential of the company, and a proven track record of successfully building retail brands. they are re-launching the brand as catalog and online-based business. return to top ↑ is coldwater creek owned by talbots? no. both coldwater creek and talbots are owned by the same private equity firm, but they are completely separate companies with their own leadership teams, customer base, and unique merchandise proposition. return to top ↑ will the new coldwater creek be targeting a different customer? we love our customer. we have some of the best and most loyal customers in all of specialty retail. we want to continue to serve the customers that have been with us for many years and hope to introduce ourselves to many new ones as well. return to top ↑ will the new coldwater creek offer the same products as they did before? starting out for the holidays, the assortment will be limited, but filled with many of the items customers know and love. in addition, almost every item will be available in misses, petites and women’s sizes. we look forward to continuing to expand our assortment with beloved basics and new items as we move into spring. return to top ↑ will the pricing be similar to the old coldwater creek? yes. you will find our prices to be comparable to what they were previously. return to top ↑ will the quality be the same? we will stand for nothing less than the highest quality in all of our products. rest assured that even those basics our customers know and love will be made in the same way, to the same specifications, as they have been for many years. return to top ↑ are you going to open stores? for the foreseeable future, coldwater creek will strictly be a catalog and online business. this is where the brand started over 30 years ago and where we believe we can best serve our customers. we recognize that many people prefer to see things in person and try them on before the purchase. we encourage those customers to be on the look out for free shipping and free return opportunities. return to top ↑ when will you mail your first catalog? we anticipate mailing our first catalog in the spring of 2015. return to top ↑ will you be able to honor a previously issued coldwater creek gift card, store credit, groupon or other coupon? unfortunately, no. coldwater creek in its original incarnation went through the bankruptcy process, which makes it impossible to honor any financial agreements with the previous company. return to top ↑ will you have a loyalty program similar to the original one offered by coldwater creek? it is early days for the re-launched brand, but that is certainly something at the top of the list of things we are considering. stay tuned! return to top ↑ will this re-launched company really be the coldwater creek we know and love or is it just the same name? the leaders of coldwater creek and its owners bought the name because they believe in the potential of the brand. this includes the best of what the brand is and was, and the best of what it can be going forward. the re-launched company will remain authentic and true to the core of the coldwater creek brand. return to top ↑ will there be career opportunities with coldwater creek? we encourage you to stay in touch with us on our careers page for news and opportunities. ordering do you have a catalog? no. currently, we have a "virtual" catalog, however, look for us to launch a "paper" catalog in the spring of 2015! return to top ↑ do you offer livechat? no, not at this time, however, it is definitely a service that we would like to be able to offer to you in the future! for now, should you need any assistance with your order you can contact one of our customer service specialists @ 1-888-678-5576 and they will be happy to take care of you! return to top ↑ can i place my order by phone? yes! please contact one of our product experts in customer service @ 1-888-678-5576 and they will be happy to assist you with placing your order. return to top ↑ how do i place an order by mail? we are not able to accept mail orders. you may either place your order via the coldwatercreek.com website or by phone by contacting one of our product experts in customer service @ 1-888-678-5576. return to top ↑ how can i browse for products? search makes it very easy to find what you are looking for! search for an item category, sweaters for example, to return the most item results. now you can fine tune your search by size, by colors, by price and more, using the options shown on the left hand side of the page. return to top ↑ how do i know whether a product is in stock, on back-order, or just not available? when you select a color and size for your desired product, we'll immediately present a message that will tell you if the product is on backorder. if the item is labeled no longer available, then yes, the item is sold out from our website. we hope that you will call our product experts in customer service @ 1-888-678-5576 and they will be happy to help find the perfect substitute. return to top ↑ where do i find more information about an item? detailed product information, care instructions, and size availability can be found on each item page. if you have additional questions, please call our product experts in customer service @ 1-888-678-5576. return to top ↑ when i click to add an item to my shopping bag i get an error message? this could mean a couple of things. hit the back button on your browser and make sure that you have selected both size and color. if both fields are filled in and you are still getting an error message, then chances are we have a little glitch in our system. please call customer service @ 1-888-678-5576 and they will be happy to take care of you! return to top ↑ i tried to checkout and the item in my shopping bag disappeared, what happened? we are a fashion company and make limited quantities of our apparel and accessories and once an item sells out, the item will automatically be removed from your shopping bag. return to top ↑ am i getting my "2-for" pricing? we offer 2-for pricing on some of our products, especially t-shirts and layering tanks. the discount will be automatically calculated when you add two of the same styles to your shopping bag. return to top ↑ how will i receive notification of my order? we will send you notifications of your order via email. return to top ↑ how will i know my order processed? after you have placed your order online and clicked the "submit" button you will see a screen with your order number confirming that your order has processed. you will also immediately receive an order confirmation and receipt via emai. if you have any questions about your order please call customer service @ 1-888-678-5576 and reference your order number. return to top ↑ how will i know my order shipped? we will send you a shipping confirmation email for your order that will contain tracking number(s). you may also check your order status by logging into my account. you will see the option for purchases & returns in the options. once in purchases & returns, find the order that has shipped and open it to view the details. there will be a title called track package(s) and under this title you will see the tracking number. select the tracking number to open the fed ex website and view the status of the package. return to top ↑ i made a mistake on my order, or changed my mind; can i change or cancel my order? you may make any changes to your order prior to clicking the "submit" button. once you have submitted your order we are unable to to change or cancel it, as we process orders immediately so you can get your items as quickly as possible. return to top ↑ i received my order, but one item was missing. what should i do? if you received your order and an item was missing (not on backorder) please call customer service @ 1-888-678-5576 for assistance. return to top ↑ i just ordered something, but now it is on sale. do you honor price adjustments? yes, we do issue sale price adjustments. however, your order must have been placed no more than 14 days before the price change was made. please have your invoice ready and call our customer service specialists @ 1-888-678-5576 to see if you are eligible for a price adjustment. return to top ↑ if a promotion or sale says it concludes at the ‘end of the day’, what does that mean? end of day for us is 12:00 am pst, which ensures that our west coast customers can take full advantage of these great opportunities. return to top ↑ contact us how can i get assistance if i need it? we are here to help you! you can call our customer service specialists @ 1-888-678-5576, 24 hours a day - 7 days a week! you can email our customer service specialists at customerservice@coldwatercreek.com. we respond to email messages in the order that they are received and we will respond to your email as quickly as possible return to top ↑ payment payment options we accept the following forms of payment on our site: visa mastercard american express discover coldwatercreek.com merchandise credits we do not accept the following forms of payment on our site: cash personal checks traveler's cheques c.o.d. paypal coldwater creek, inc. gift cards, gift certificates, e-gift cards or merchandise credits issued prior to october 31, 2014. return to top ↑ sales tax to the extent that we are required by law to charge and collect taxes on products that we sell, such taxes are charged based on the tax laws applicable to the locations to which the order is being shipped or delivered. at checkout, all appropriate taxes will be added to the order total. we do not charge tax on the purchase of coldwater creek e-gift cards, however, items paid for with a coldwater creek e-gift card will be charged applicable sales tax. return to top ↑ promotions and coupons ocassionally, coldwatercreek.com will offer code-based promotions that can be redeemed online. promotions and discounts, including free shipping will be communicated on the website and through emails. return to top ↑ to redeem a code based promotion, perform the following steps: in your shopping bag, enter the promotion code in the space marked "promo code". click the "apply" button on the right side of the page. prices for the items that are valid for the discount will be reduced by the amount of the promotion and reflected in your order summary. the following restrictions apply: to qualify for a specific promotion, your order must be placed during the specified promotion period. some promotional offers may not be combined with other offers in the same order. your order may need to be of a certain dollar amount to qualify: shipping and taxes are not applicable towards the qualifying amount. enter the code in your shopping bag in the space marked "promo code" and then click the "apply" button. prices and shipping charges, if applicable, will be adjusted according to the applied promotion, with the discount reflected in your grand total. only one promotional offer may be used per order. offers may be used only once unless otherwise specified. free shipping offers are valid on standard shipping for orders placed at coldwatercreek.com with a specified minimum purchase. standard shipping is not available in ak, hi or pr. taxes, shipping and handling fees and purchases of e-gift cards do not count towards the qualifying amount. the offer may only apply to certain price points (full-price only) or select products. offers are not valid on purchases of e-gift cards. offer is not for resale and is not redeemable for cash. no adjustments to prior purchases and cannot be applied to returned merchandise. return to top ↑ shipping shippping options coldwatercreek.com ships to most u.s. zip codes, including alaska, hawaii and puerto rico, us virgin islands and guam. expediated and next day shipping may be restricted in some locations. at this time, we are not able to ship to canada or other non-u.s. addresses. to ensure prompt delivery of your order, we recommend that you place your order by 3 pm est. saturday and sunday deliveries are currently not available return to top ↑ where orders ship to and expected delivery time: 48 contiguous united states standard, normally 4-8 business days 2-day, normally 2 business days next day, normally 1 business day return to top ↑ alaska or hawaii standard, normally 8-10 business days return to top ↑ military apo/fpo addresses fed ex, normally 3-8 business days. (please note these orders may take up to 21 days for delivery) return to top ↑ u.s. territories, including puerto rico, us virgin islands and guam usps priority delivery, normally 3-8 business days return to top ↑ p.o. boxes standard, normally 3-8 business days 2-day, normally 2 business days next day, normally 1 business day return to top ↑ my account i signed up to receive coldwatercreek.com emails; do i also have an account? no. you will need to select "new user login" and follow the steps to create an account. it is very quick and easy to do! return to top ↑ what are the benefits of signing up for a coldwatercreek.com account? as a registered customer, you can store your name and billing address information, and each time you come visit just enter your email address and password and we fill in the blanks! return to top ↑ can i change my account information, including my email address? as a registered customer you can update and change your profile at any time. simply sign in and then go to the "my account" section of the website and make changes to your profile. return to top ↑ i previous had an account with coldwater creek inc., will it work on the coldwatercreek.com site? no. you will need to create a new account. you will need to select "new user login" and follow the steps to create an account. it is very quick and easy to do! return to top ↑ gifting can i purchase a gift card on coldwatercreek.com? unfortunately, we do not offer gift cards at this time. return to top ↑ can i include a gift message in my order? we are very sorry, but we are not able to provide this service at this time. we are working diligently to have this available as soon as possible. return to top ↑ do you offer gift packaging? unfortunately, we are unable to offer gift packaging at this time. return to top ↑ can i ship to multiple addresses? not at this time, you will need to place a separate order for each address you wish to send an order to. return to top ↑ product what type of products do you offer? coldwater creek offers you a beautiful fashion collection each season that incorporates many customer favorite styles that were legendary loves; knit jeans, no-iron shirts, holly pants, and shaping jeans to name a few! return to top ↑ do you offer special sizes? yes we do. we offer our our products in three distinctive size ranges: misses sizes 4-16/xs-xl, petite sizes p4-p16/pxs-pxl and women sizes 18w-24w/1x-3x. long lengths designed for women 5'8"-6'0" are offered in a selection of pants. please reference each product for specific sizes offered. return to top ↑ where can i find size charts? to help you choose the best size, please use our size charts. our size charts are located within each item on our web page, and can be found underneath “colors offered” and above “size range." if you have any questions about our sizing, please call out customer service specialist @ 1-886-678-5576. return to top ↑ what is the difference between misses, woman and petite sizing? our misses sizes are propostioned for women 5'4"-5'8" who wear sizes 4-16. our woman styles, designed to fit and flatter a larger woman's figure, are perfectly proportioned for women who wear sizes 18w-24w. our petitie styles are designed for women 5'2" and under who wear size p4-p16. return to top ↑ if i am still not sure about what size would be best, how can i get more information? please call one of our product experts in customer service @ 1-888-678-5576 and they will be happy to help you determine the right size for you. remember, numbers are simple guidelines to help you find the best fit; learning what looks best on you, regardless of size, is the secret to looking good. whether you fall into one size range or a combination, let one of our experts at fitting folks over the phone help you find the right fit! return to top ↑ do the color chips on your web site clearly represent the merchandise color selection? yes they do. the color chips are photographs of actual product. however, based on the merchandise fabrication as well as the display and color capabilities of your computer, tablet or mobile device, there may be instances when the color chip varies slightly from the actual merchandise. return to top ↑ returns and exchanges coldwatercreek.com return policy your satisfaction matters! if for any reason you are not delighted with your purchase, coldwater creek will accept returns and exchanges of unworn, unwashed or defective merchandise within 90 days of purchase with a valid receipt. if you do not have a receipt, but the merchandise is still ticketed and returned within 90 days of purchase, a merchandsie credit will be issued for the current selling price, including all applicable discounts and promotions. shipping and handling fees are non-refundable. coldwater creek gift cards are not returnable and cannot be redeemed or exchanged for cash or check (unless required by law). return to top ↑ price adjustment policy we will gladly adjust the price of an item if it reduces within 14 days of your original purchase. a one-time price adjustment may be made on full or sale price merchandise. return to top ↑ make a return by mail merchandise purchased online or by phone must be returned by mail: fill out the return form enclosed with your package (noting reason for return on the form). attach the pre-paid shipping label. give it to your postal carrier or ship it via usps. please note a fee of $6.95 will be charged against your original method of payment. credit will be refunded back to the original method of payment. you are not required to use the pre-paid shipping label. you may use the carrier of your choice and create your own label, we recommend using a form of traceable and insurable delivery. please ship returns to: coldwater creek returns department 175 kenneth welch dr. lakeville, ma 02348 return to top ↑ need to make an exchange? we offer 2 convenient ways to make an exchange: for a rapid exchange you may call our customer service specialists @ 1-888-678-5576 and place an order with one of our product experts. after placing your re-order, you can then make your return as outlined under "make a return by mail". or fill out the exchange form enclosed with your package with the items you would like. any increase in cost difference will be charged to the original method of payment. (for any billing changes please contact our customer service specialist @ 1-888-678-5576) attach the pre-paid shipping label. give it to your postal carrier or ship it via usps. please note a fee of $6.95 will be charged against your original method of payment. you are not required to use the pre-paid shipping label. you may use the carrier of your choice and create your own label, we recommend using a form of traceable and insurable delivery. please ship exchanges to: coldwater creek exchanges department 175 kenneth welch dr. lakeville, ma 02348 return to top ↑ gift returns if you wish to return a product that you received as a gift from coldwatercreek.com, the refund will go to the original form of payment, the credit card used to purchase it. if you wish to exchange a gift purchased online at coldwatercreek.com please call our customer service specialists @ 1-888-678-5576 for assistance. if you retrun a gift that was purchased through the use of an e-gift card, a new e-gift card will be provided for you to use, to be used at any time on coldwatercreek.com return to top ↑ technical help how do i get on your mobile website? for the best expereince from your mobile phone, simply go to www.coldwatercreek.com. our site will automatically recognize that you are viewing from a mobile device and direct you to our mobile site which is optimized for mobile phone viewing. return to top ↑ what is the best way to view coldwatercreek.com website? our website is best viewed using the latest versions of internet explorer, firefox, chrome or safari. return to top ↑ why am i having trouble logging into my account? check to make sure that javascript is enabled in your browser, and that your browser preferences are set to accept cookies. both are needed to logon to your my account. return to top ↑ how do i go to your website from an ipad or other tablet device? for the best experience from an ipad or other tablet device, simply go to www.coldwatercreek.com. you will be directed to the full website experience designed for desktop and tablet viewing. return to top ↑ get special offers & news on latest styles customer service contact us shipping & returns faqs shopping what's new misses petites women's plus accessories gifts shop all categories my account order status wishlist about tracking about us careers site map privacy policy terms of use © coldwater creek direct