来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171230203523/http://www.coldwatercreek.com/faqs/faqs.html
================================================================================

faqs | coldwater creek skip to content email sign up | sign in | shopping bag 0 coldwater creek search catalog search sign in | email sign up | shopping bag 0 new arrivals new arrivals view all knit tops shirts & blouses sweaters dresses pants & shorts jeans jackets & vests outerwear sleepwear & loungewear shoes accessories & home view all our catalog misses misses view all knit tops shirts & blouses sweaters dresses pants & shorts jeans jackets & vests outerwear skirts intimate apparel sleepwear & loungewear swim collections view all petites petites view all knit tops shirts & blouses sweaters dresses pants & shorts jeans jackets & vests outerwear skirts intimate apparel sleepwear & loungewear swim collections view all women's plus women's plus view all knit tops shirts & blouses sweaters dresses pants & shorts jeans jackets & vests outerwear skirts intimate apparel sleepwear & loungewear swim collections view all accessories & home accessories & home view all handbags, belts & hats jewelry scarves, ruanas & ponchos home & gifts view all shoes shoes view all boots flats heels/ wedges active wide widths slippers sandals exclusively ours view all sale sale view all sweater sale holiday wrap-up sale our best gifts new markdowns semi-annual destinations sale ponte perfect® sale knit tops shirts & blouses dresses pants & shorts jeans jackets & vests outerwear skirts intimate apparel sleepwear & loungewear swim shoes accessories & home view all outlet outlet view all knit tops shirts & blouses sweaters dresses pants & shorts jeans jackets & vests outerwear skirts intimate apparel sleepwear & loungewear swim shoes accessories & home view all gift guide your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. frequently asked questions coldwater creek who is coldwater creek? where do i sign up for coldwater creek email promotions? does coldwater creek have a digital catalog? how do i request a coldwater creek catalog? how do i follow coldwater creek on social media? can you honor a previously issued coldwater creek gift card, store credit, groupon or other coupon? are there career opportunities with coldwater creek? coldwater creek stores will you be opening any stores in the future? does your store carry all sizes? can i return or exchange a catalog or web order to the store? can i use my coldwater creek credit card or coldwater creek mastercard® to make purchases at a retail store? can i redeem my credit card rewards at a retail store? will my in-store purchase qualify to earn rewards? do you offer gift packaging? do you have gift cards? ordering do you offer livechat? can i place my order by phone? how do i place an order by mail? how do i apply for a coldwater creek credit card? how can i browse for items? how do i know whether an item is on backorder? how do i know if an item is no longer available? where do i find more information about an item? i tried to checkout and the item in my shopping cart now says unavailable, what happened? how will i know my order processed? how will i receive confirmation of my order? how will i know my order shipped? can i change or cancel my order? do you honor price adjustments? if a promotion or sale says it concludes at the ‘end of the day;' what does that mean? contact us how can i get assistance if i need it? payment payment options why are there multiple charges on my credit card for one order? sales tax does coldwater creek offer promotions and coupons? shipping & handling shipping options where orders ship to and expected delivery time: my account what are the benefits of signing up for a coldwatercreek.com account? how do i create a coldwater creek account? can i change my account information, including my email address? what if i’m having trouble logging on to your site? gifting can i purchase a gift card on coldwatercreek.com? can i include a gift message in my order? do you offer gift packaging? can i ship to multiple addresses? product reviews how do i write a product review? sizing do you offer special sizes? where can i find size charts? what is the difference between misses, women's, and petite sizing? if i am still not sure about what size would be best, how can i get more information? do the color swatches on your website clearly represent the merchandise color selection? returns and exchanges coldwatercreek.com return policy make a return by mail need to make an exchange? technical help how do i get on your mobile website? what is the best way to view coldwatercreek.com website? why am i having trouble logging into my account? coldwater creek who is coldwater creek? coldwater creek is a catalog and online specialty retailer of women’s apparel, accessories and home goods. it is the next evolution of the coldwater creek brand that many loyal customers have come to know and love for more than three decades. coldwater creek remains focused on its core customer by offering many of the same beloved styles along with unique and new looks. where do i sign up for coldwater creek email promotions? you can sign up to receive our emails by going to the bottom of our home page, entering your email address and clicking “sign up.” you’ll get the inside scoop on special offers and the latest styles direct to your inbox. if you wish to unsubscribe, simply click “unsubscribe from coldwater creek marketing emails” at the bottom of any of our emails. does coldwater creek have a digital catalog? yes! enjoy browsing our online catalog by going to the top of our home page and selecting "our catalog." how do i request a coldwater creek catalog? we are happy to send you a catalog – request one here. a catalog will be mailed to you within 7-10 business days. if you no longer wish to receive our catalog, please email our customer service specialists at customerservice@coldwaterdirect.com. how do i follow coldwater creek on social media? coldwater creek has a large and loyal following on facebook, instagram, and pinterest. join them by following, liking and sharing what makes you a coldwater creek fan! can you honor a previously issued coldwater creek gift card, store credit, groupon or other coupon? unfortunately, we cannot. before relaunching, coldwater creek inc. went through a bankruptcy process in 2014, which makes it impossible to honor any financial agreements made by the previous company. are there career opportunities with coldwater creek? coldwater creek has many exciting and rewarding career opportunities at all levels in its hingham, ma headquarters. the company offers a competitive compensation and benefits package. we encourage you to stay in touch with us on our careers page for news and opportunities. for inquiries or to apply, please email a resume to jobs@coldwaterdirect.com. coldwater creek stores will you be opening any stores in the future? we are thrilled to announce our first new store is now open at wayside in burlington, ma. we are also exploring exciting opportunities for additional stores. stay tuned and stay in touch: become an email insider and be the first to know when future stores are opening; follow us on facebook for updates and announcements. check back at coldwatercreek.com/stores for updates. does your store carry all sizes? our store carries misses and petites apparel, home décor, jewelry and accessories. if you can’t find what you’re looking for, one of our sales associate will happily place an order and ship it to you for free. can i return or exchange a catalog or web order to the store? yes. at the store we accept returns and exchanges of online purchases and phone orders within 90 days with a valid receipt. we accept returns and exchanges of unworn, unwashed, unused or defective merchandise. can i use my coldwater creek credit card or coldwater creek mastercard® to make purchases at a retail store? at this time, only the coldwater creek mastercard® may be used to make in-store purchases. the ability to use the coldwater creek credit card is expected in early 2018. can i redeem my credit card rewards at a retail store? yes, rewards certificates can be redeemed at a retail store. simply bring in your rewards certificate on your paper statement, or print it from your digital statement or rewards email, to give to the store associate. will my in-store purchase qualify to earn rewards? yes, your in-store purchase will earn rewards when you use your coldwater creek mastercard®. do you offer gift packaging? yes. coldwater creek gift box sets are available for purchase in store. do you have gift cards? currently, we do not offer gift cards. however, we’ll happily include a gift receipt with any purchase. ordering do you offer livechat? no, not at this time. however, it is definitely a service that we would like to be able to offer to you in the future! for now, should you need any assistance with your order please contact one of our customer service specialists at 888-678-5576 or at customerservice@coldwaterdirect.com and they will be happy to take care of you. can i place my order by phone? yes. please contact one of our customer service specialists at 888-678-5576 and they will be happy to assist you with placing your order. please note: our customer service specialists will be home celebrating the holidays with their families – so customer service will be unavailable from sunday, december 24th at 5pm est through tuesday, december 26th at 7am est. how do i place an order by mail? first, please download our order form and complete all information. then mail your order form to: coldwater creek • 1176 e. dayton yellow springs rd • fairborn, oh 45324 or fax your completed order form to: 513-346-2250 sorry, checks are not accepted; mail and fax orders must be placed on a major credit card. for mail-in orders, we advise making a copy of your completed order form for your reference. how do i apply for a coldwater creek credit card? we are happy to welcome you to coldwater creek's credit card program where earning valuable points towards rewards certificates is easy! plus, cardholders have exclusive access to special events throughout the year. learn more and apply. how can i browse for products? the search feature at the top right of the home page makes it very easy to find what you are looking for! search for an item by entering its name or five-digit style number, or search by category (sweaters, for example) to return the broadest range of results. you may fine-tune your search by size, color, price and more. how do i know whether an item is on backorder? if the item is on backorder, you'll immediately see a backorder message that will tell you the date that the item is expected in-stock. you may add it to your cart and complete the checkout process to reserve the item, and your credit card will not be charged until the item ships. how do i know if an item is no longer available? some items are so popular, they sell out quickly and are no longer available. the good news is, we’re always adding new styles! when an item has sold out, we remove it from our site or add a note saying it is “no longer available.” items that are “on backorder” are only temporarily out of stock and may still be purchased for shipping at a later date. you’ll see the expected ship date on the product detail page and throughout the checkout process. when the item is back in stock, you’ll receive an email notification as soon as it ships. where do i find more information about an item? detailed product information, care instructions and size availability can be found on each item page. i tried to checkout and the item in my shopping cart now says unavailable, what happened? as a fashion retailer, we offer limited quantities of our apparel and accessories each season, and items may sell out quickly. when this happens to something you've already put into your cart, it will show as no longer available and should be removed from your cart before proceeding to checkout. how will i know my order processed? after you have placed your order online and clicked the "submit" button, you will see a screen with your order number confirming that your order has been processed. you will also immediately receive an order confirmation and receipt via email. how will i receive confirmation of my order? you will receive confirmation of your order via email if you have provided us with a valid email address. how will i know my order shipped? we will send you a shipping confirmation email that will contain tracking number(s). you may also check your order status by logging into my account. click on purchases & returns to find whether or not your order has shipped, and open it to view the details. once open, you will see an option called track package(s) and this will show the tracking number. select the tracking number to open the fedex website and view the status of the package. if the order has only partially shipped, you will see the other items you ordered still processing due to a backorder, which was noted on the order confirmation email. can i change or cancel my order? you may make changes to your order only prior to clicking the "submit" button. once you have submitted your order, we are unable to change or cancel it, as we process orders immediately in order to get your items on their way as quickly as possible. if you received your order and an item was missing (not on backorder), please call customer service at 888-678-5576 for assistance. do you honor price adjustments? yes, we do issue price adjustments as appropriate. however, your order must have been placed no more than 14 days before the price change was made. please have your invoice ready and call our customer service specialists at 888-678-5576 to see if you are eligible for a price adjustment. if a promotion or sale says it concludes at the ‘end of the day' what does that mean? end of day for us is 12:00 am pst, which ensures that our west coast customers can take full advantage of our savings opportunities. contact us how can i get assistance if i need it? you can call 888-678-5576, 24 hours a day/7 days a week or email a customer service specialist at customerservice@coldwatercreek.com. we will respond to email messages within 48 hours. please note: our customer service specialists will be home celebrating the holidays with their families – so customer service will be unavailable from sunday, december 24th at 5pm est through tuesday, december 26th at 7am est. payment payment options we accept the following forms of payment on our site: visa mastercard american express discover coldwater creek credit card coldwater creek mastercard® we do not accept the following forms of payment on our site: cash personal checks traveler's cheques c.o.d. paypal unfortunately, we cannot accept gift cards, gift certificates, e-gift cards, or merchandise credits issued by coldwater creek, inc. prior to october 31, 2014 due to the bankruptcy process incurred at that time, which makes it impossible to honor any financial agreements with the previous company. why are there multiple charges on my credit card for one order? your credit card company may place a preauthorization on your account to ensure the card is not fraudulent when placing your order. the preauthorization will drop off once the product ships and your card is actually charged. you may see multiple charges if your order is sent in multiple packages or if an item is backordered. sales tax to the extent that we are required by law to charge and collect taxes on products that we sell, such taxes are charged based on the tax laws applicable to the locations to which the order is being shipped or delivered. at checkout, all appropriate taxes will be added to the order total. important information regarding colorado sales/use tax coldwater creek does not collect colorado sales or use tax. your purchase from us is not exempt from colorado sales or use tax merely because it is made over the internet or by other remote means. the state of colorado requires that a colorado purchaser file a sales or use tax return at the end of the year reporting all of the taxable colorado purchases that were not taxed and pay tax on those purchases. important information regarding louisiana sales/use tax coldwater creek does not collect louisiana sales or use tax. your purchase is subject to louisiana use tax unless it is specifically exempt, and that there is no exemption specifically based on the fact that a purchase is made over the internet, by catalog, or by other remote means. louisiana law requires that use tax liability be paid annually on the louisiana individual income tax return, or through other means as may be required by the louisiana secretary of revenue. important information regarding pennsylvania island sales/use tax coldwater creek does not collect the pennsylvania sales or use tax. your purchase from us is not exempt from pennsylvania sales or use tax merely because it is made over the internet or by other remote means. you may be required to remit sales or use tax directly to the pennsylvania department of revenue. information regarding whether and how to remit the tax may be found on the department’s website, http://www.revenue.pa.gov/generaltaxinformation. important information regarding rhode island sales/use tax coldwater creek does not collect rhode island sales or use tax. your purchase from us is not exempt from rhode island sales or use tax merely because it is made over the internet or by other remote means. the state of rhode island requires that a rhode island purchaser file a sales or use tax return with the rhode island department of revenue and remit the tax due to the department. important information regarding vermont sales/use tax coldwater creek does not collect vermont sales or use tax. your purchase is subject to vermont use tax unless it is specifically exempt, and that there is no exemption specifically based on the fact that a purchase is made over the internet, by catalog, or by other remote means. vermont law requires that use tax liability be paid annually on the vermont individual income tax return. important information regarding washington sales/use tax coldwater creek does not collect washington sales or use tax. your purchase from us is not exempt from washington sales or use tax merely because it is made over the internet or by other remote means. you may be required to remit sales or use tax directly to the washington department of revenue. information regarding whether and how to remit the tax may be found on the department’s website, www.dor.wa.gov. does coldwater creek offer promotions and coupons? occasionally, coldwater creek will offer code-based promotions; the details of promotions and discounts will be communicated on the site, in selected catalogs and mailers, and through emails. to redeem a code based promotion, perform the following steps: in your shopping cart, enter the promotion code in the space marked "promo code." click the "apply" button on the right side of the page. prices for the items that are valid for the discount will be reduced by the amount of the promotion and reflected in your order summary. to qualify for a specific promotion, your order must be placed during the specified promotional period. promotional offers may not be combined with other promotional offers within the same order. your order may need to be of a certain dollar amount to qualify; please note that shipping & handling fees and taxes are not applicable towards the qualifying amount. prices and shipping & handling charges, if applicable, will be adjusted according to the applied promotion, with the discount reflected in your grand total. only one promotional offer may be used per order. offers may be used only once unless otherwise specified. free shipping & handling offers are valid for standard shipping on orders of a specified minimum purchase. shipping & handling shipping options coldwater creek ships to most u.s. zip codes, including alaska, hawaii, puerto rico, us virgin islands, guam and military apo/fpo addresses. standard and expedited (second-day and next-day) shipping options are available, although second-day and next-day shipping may be restricted in some locations. at this time, we are not able to ship to canada or other non-u.s. addresses. to ensure prompt delivery of your order, we recommend that you place your order by 2pm est. holiday shipping options standard delivery – to insure delivery of in-stock items by december 23rd, place your order by 11:59pm est friday, december 15th. second-day and overnight delivery – to insure delivery of in-stock items by december 23rd, place your order by 2pm est thursday december 21st. where orders ship to and expected delivery time: orders shipping to the 48 contiguous united states: standard, normally 4-8 business days from when the order is shipped; second-day, normally 2 business days; next-day, normally 1 business day. orders shipping to alaska or hawaii: standard, normally 11-16 business days. orders shipping to military apo/fpo addresses: standard delivery is via fedex, normally 3-8 business days from when the order is shipped (please note these orders may take up to 21 days for delivery). orders shipping to u.s. territories, including puerto rico, us virgin islands and guam: standard delivery is via usps priority delivery, normally 11-16 business days from when the order is shipped. orders shipping to p.o. boxes: standard shipping only, normally 4-8 business days from when the order is shipped. my account what are the benefits of signing up for a coldwatercreek.com account? all of our customers who create an account can check out faster and more easily thanks to securely stored information – plus they can access their purchase and return history. customers who also sign up for coldwater creek emails will receive updates on special promotions, new product announcements, gift ideas and more. how do i create a coldwater creek account? on the home page in the top right corner, click on "sign in," then select "create an account now" and follow the steps to create an account. it is very quick and easy to do! can i change my account information, including my email address? yes, you can update and change all the information in your profile at any time. simply sign in and go to "my account" to make any changes or updates. what if i’m having trouble logging on to your site? if you have forgotten your password, click on the “forgot password?” link on the my account page and you will immediately receive an email to reset your password. your user name is your email. gifting can i purchase a gift card on coldwatercreek.com? unfortunately, we do not offer gift cards at this time. can i include a gift message in my order? we are very sorry, but we are not able to provide this service at this time. we are working diligently to have this available as soon as possible. do you offer gift packaging? unfortunately, we are unable to offer gift packaging through our website at this time. can i ship to multiple addresses? not at this time. you will need to place a separate order for each address to which you wish to send an order. product reviews how do i write a product review? we would love to hear from you! do you like the item? is it comfortable? what will you wear it with? tell us your thoughts by clicking "write a review" next to the item. once submitted, your review will be sent to you via email to confirm it reads as you wrote it. the review may take up to a few days to appear. helpful tips for writing a review: keep your review focused on the product. avoid writing about customer service – please contact us instead if you have issues requiring immediate attention. refrain from mentioning competitors or the specific price you paid for the product. do not include any personally identifiable information such as full names. sizing do you offer special sizes? yes we do. we offer our products in three distinctive size ranges: misses 2-20/xs-xl, petites p2-p20/pxs-pxl and women's 16w-26w/1x-3x. talls designed for misses and women's sizes are offered in a selection of pants to better fit customers 5'8" - 6'0". available sizes are clearly listed for every item. where can i find size charts? our size charts are located just above size range on every individual item's page. remember, numbers are simple guidelines to help you find the best fit; learning what looks best on you, regardless of size, is the secret to looking good. what is the difference between misses, women's and petite sizing? our misses sizing is proportioned for women 5'4" - 5'8" who wear sizes 2-20. our women's sizing is designed to fit and flatter a larger woman's figure and is perfectly proportioned for women who wear sizes 16w-26w. our petite sizing is proportioned for women under 5'4" who wear size p2-p20. if i am still not sure about what size would be best, how can i get more information? please call one of our customer service specialists at 888-678-5576 and they will be happy to help determine the right size for you. remember, numbers are simple guidelines to help you find the best fit; learning what looks best on you, regardless of size, is the secret to looking good. whether you fall into one size range or a combination, we are ready to help you find the right fit! do the color swatches on your website clearly represent the merchandise color selection? yes they do. our color swatches are photographs of actual items; however, based on the merchandise fabrication as well as the display and color capabilities of your computer/tablet/mobile device, there may be instances when the color chip varies slightly from the actual merchandise. returns and exchanges coldwatercreek.com return policy your satisfaction matters! if for any reason you are not happy with your purchase, coldwater creek will accept returns and exchanges of unworn, unwashed, unused or defective merchandise within 90 days of purchase accompanied by a valid receipt. shipping and handling fees are non-refundable. make a return by mail merchandise purchased online or by phone must be returned by mail: how to make a return by mail: step 1: fill out the return form enclosed with your package (clearly noting reason for return). step 2: repackage the item(s) and attach either our pre-paid smartlabel (shipping & handling fee of $6.95 will be deducted from the refund on your original method of payment) and give to your postal carrier/post office or use the label and carrier of your choice (we recommend using a form of traceable and insurable delivery). please ship exchanges to: coldwater creek returns and exchanges 1251 south perry road, suite 163 plainfield, in 46168 need to make an exchange? we offer two convenient ways to make an exchange: option 1: for a rapid exchange, you may call our customer service specialists at 888-678-5576 and place an order, after which you can then make your return as outlined under "make a return by mail." (shipping & handling fee of $6.95 will be deducted from the refund on your original method of payment). option 2: step 1: fill out the exchange form enclosed with your package {clearly noting the item(s) you are returning and those you would like to receive in exchange}. please note: any increase in cost difference will be charged to your original method of payment. step 2: repackage the item(s) and attach either our pre-paid smartlabel (shipping & handling fee of $6.95 will be deducted from the refund on your original method of payment) and give to your postal carrier/post office or use the label and carrier of your choice (we recommend using a form of traceable and insurable delivery). please ship exchanges to: coldwater creek returns and exchanges 1251 south perry road, suite 163 plainfield, in 46168 technical help how do i get on your mobile website? our site will automatically recognize that you are viewing from a mobile device, and the version of our site optimized for mobile viewing will appear. what is the best way to view the coldwatercreek.com website? our site is best viewed using the latest browser versions of internet explorer, firefox, chrome or safari. why am i having trouble logging into my account? check to make sure that javascript is enabled in your browser, and that your browser preferences are set to accept cookies. both are needed to log on to your account. get special offers & news on the latest styles email customer service contact us shipping & returns request a catalog shop our online catalogs size charts faqs shopping new arrivals our catalog misses petites women's plus accessories & home shoes sale outlet gift guide my account order status coldwater creek credit card about tracking about us our story our stores coldwater cares careers site map privacy policy terms of use © cwc direct llc the creektm