来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231103723/https://www.bootbarn.com/cs-privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

"> privacy policy - boot barn finland winter sale shop now shop search catalog search find another store use my location find store order status 0 my store:set location men shop by category all cowboy boots & shoes men's work boots men's hats men's shirts men’s outerwear men's jeans & pants men's workwear men's belts & buckles men's accessories men's hiking boots shop by collection cody james black 1978 new arrivals wedding attire festival styles just country women shop by category women's western boots & shoes women's hats women's dresses & skirts women's tops women's jeans & bottoms women's outerwear women's accessories women's belts & buckles women's hiking boots women's workwear women's work boots & shoes shop by collection new arrivals coastal cowgirl wedding collection festival styles just country wonderwest kids shop by category boys' western boots & shoes girls' western boots & shoes girls' clothing boys' clothing kids' accessories kids' hats kids' toys backpacks boots shop by category men's western boots & shoes women's western boots & shoes men's work boots & shoes women's work boots & shoes men's hiking boots women's hiking boots kids' western boots & shoes boot care & accessories fashion shop by category women's wonderwest boots women's wonderwest dresses & skirts women's wonderwest tops women's wonderwest jeans & pants women's wonderwest outerwear women's wonderwest accessories all women's wonderwest country shop by category men's country boots men's country shirts men's country jeans men's country outerwear all men's country women's country boots women's country tops women's country dresses & skirts women's country jeans women's country outerwear all women's country work shop by category men's work boots women's work boots men's workwear women's workwear work hats work accessories fr workwear why boot barn work decor & gifts shop by category gift cards & egift cards gifts christmas décor home décor brands shop by brand cody james cody james black 1978 shyanne idyllwind moonshine spirit hawx brothers & sons el dorado rank 45 cleo + wolf blue ranchwear wonderwest gibson trading co ariat justin boots corral boots twisted x tony lama wrangler lucchese roper dan post laredo cinch carhartt durango chippewa double h ugg levi's panhandle more brands blog store locator order status b rewarded sign up b rewarded benefits points balance faqs finland your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. customer service contact us email sign-up we have it promise boot barn credit card faqs gift card balance shipping & delivery international shipping returns & exchanges sizing guide corporate social responsibility accessibility policy secure shopping privacy policy careers site map press & media sweepstakes winners conditions of use online outpost unsubscribe ingredient disclosures how boots should fit? catalog sign-up commercial accounts your security is important to us. privacy policy customer service if you have any questions or need help with your account, please contact us. 1-888-440-2668 email us faqs privacy policy and security last updated february, 2023 boot barn corporate address: 15345 barranca parkway, irvine, ca 92618 we value the trust you place in bootbarn.com, and we want you to be aware of the safeguards we have in place to respect your privacy. the below policy tells you about the information we gather about you and how we use it. if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at custserv@bootbarn.com. we also do not support spam. we are committed to sharing information and advertising promotions to our valued customers and we respect their privacy. each of our email special promotions come with a simple "unsubscribe link" that permanently removes your address from our list. this privacy policy applies only to this website, our mobile sites, and our use of social media sites (collectively, the “sites”), and any other personal information obtained when you call, email, or otherwise communicate with bootbarn.com. by accessing the sites on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other device (collectively, “device”), making a purchase from bootbarn.com, or otherwise interacting with bootbarn.com, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. if you do not agree to the policy, please do not use the sites. types of personal information we may gather bootbarn.com gathers personal information from you in order to provide superior service, communicate offers on merchandise and services which we believe will be of interest to you, customize our communications to you, administer our business, and improve your shopping experience. the following are examples of the personal information we gather from you. purchases - when you place an order, you give us your name, address, phone number and/or e-mail address plus payment information. for the information we collect, we are pci compliant. non-purchases - there may be instances when you are not making a purchase at bootbarn.com and you give us your name, address, phone number and/or e-mail address, and where applicable, payment information, or when somebody else gives us your name, address, phone number and/or e-mail address, and where applicable, payment information. some situations when this may occur are when you return or exchange merchandise, receive a gift from bootbarn.com, or enter a contest or participate in a promotion or survey sponsored by boot barn, inc. personal shopping account - if you create a personal shopping account with us so that you may place orders more conveniently, you authorize us to store your name and shipping address(es). catalog requests - we need your name and address in order to mail you a catalog. we also require a phone number, or e-mail address, so that we can contact you in the unlikely event there is an error in your address, or other delivery problem. to stop receiving catalogs, simply e-mail us at custserv@bootbarn.com. e-mail updates - when you subscribe to receive bootbarn.com e-mail updates featuring exclusive offers (like free shipping), product news, special discounts, contest announcements and more, we require your e-mail address. you can unsubscribe any time by updating your profile here. we may combine the information we collect from you with information we receive about you from other sources, such as address update services. in addition, we may collect personal information from you when you write a review on our sites. however, we do not ask, and you should not enter, your full name anywhere in your review. information we collect automatically when you visit the sites, we may collect certain information from you, including your internet protocol (ip) address, mac address, browser type, operating system, device-identifying information, the specific web pages visited during your connection, and the domain name from which you accessed the sites. in addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the sites, the areas or pages of the sites that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the sites, the number of times you return to the sites and other clickstream data. we may also use non-personal or aggregated information for statistical analysis, research, and other purposes. we use cookies to help process your order through our website and to provide you with a personalized shopping experience. a cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you access the sites and allows us to recognize you each time you visit the sites. to place an order and complete your transaction on bootbarn.com, you must have "cookies" enabled on your web browser. (if you don't want to enable cookies but would like to place an order, please call us toll free at 1.888.440.2668.) if you have any concerns about leaving cookies on your computer for extended periods, you can delete them using your browser preferences or privacy menus. note that browser-management tools for cookies are outside of our control and we cannot guarantee their effectiveness. we may collect other types of personal information such as demographic data (e.g, household income, age, etc.) to our customer records. see below for information about how to request to have your information deleted. cookies also help us: determine which features and tools you use, and which pages you visit on bootbarn.com remember which items you've placed in your shopping bag enable you to check out faster if you've created an account with us we also contract with a third-party advertising partner to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on this site. they will collect and use anonymous information about your visits to and interactions with our website through the use of technologies such as cookies to personalize advertisements for goods and services. to learn more, or to opt-out of receiving advertisements tailored to your interests by our third party partner, visit the network advertising initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices. opting out will not in any way affect your use of our site. we may also use web beacons and/or tracking pixels on the sites, in our emails, and in our advertisements on other websites. web beacons are tiny graphic images that are used to collect information about your visit to the sites, such as the pages you view and the features you use, as well as information about whether you open and/or act upon one of our emails or advertisements. we may also collect the url of the website you visited immediately before coming to the sites. web beacons help us analyze our site visitors' behavior and measure the effectiveness of the sites and our advertising. we may work with service providers that help us track, collect and analyze this information. we may combine the information we collect through cookies and web beacons with other information we have collected from you or information from other sources. use of information we may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes: (1) to fulfill your requests for products; (2) to respond to your inquiries; (3) to send you a confirmation email when you make a purchase; (4) to review site usage and operations; (5) to address problems with the sites, our business or our services; (6) to protect the security or integrity of the sites and our business; (7) to monitor the sites for compliance with our terms of use and the law; (8) to contact you with site updates, newsletters and other informational and promotional materials from us and third party marketing offers from our trusted partners, as well as from other companies; and (9) to provide interest-based advertising to you based on the way you browse and shop on the sites and other platforms. disclosure of information we may disclose information collected from and about you as follows: (1) to our related companies and service providers, to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; (2) to our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties, who may contact you with their own offers; (3) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of the site terms of use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; (4) to respond to legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order) and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and (5) in the event that our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. we may also disclose your personal information with your express consent. we may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about site users with third parties. please note that if you voluntarily submit any personal information for posting on the sites, such as a review or a blog post, the information becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others, so you should use care before posting information about yourself online. third party service providers: we may also allow our third party service providers to collect information about you to enable them to perform services on our behalf, such as website hosting, conducting website usage analytics, sending email, text, or other communications, fulfilling orders, providing marketing assistance and data analysis, processing payments, and other services. we use retention.com’s third-party services to help identify you when you visit the sites by associating the information collected from you when you interact with the sites with information they or others have about you, including your email address, and to send you communications including marketing. you may opt out of retention.com’s database, which will also opt you out of receiving these communications, by visiting https://app.retention.com/optout. our email program if you have agreed to receive marketing emails from us, you can opt out anytime by clicking the unsubscribe link in the emails. we might still send emails to you about your transactions, accounts you have with us and any contests, sweepstakes you have entered. you may still receive marketing text messages if you have opted in to receive them. our sms program we are able to deliver messages to the following mobile phone carriers: major carriers: at&t, verizon wireless, sprint, t-mobile, metropcs, u.s. cellular, alltel, boost mobile, nextel, and virgin mobile. not all mobile devices or handsets may be supported and our messages may not be deliverable in all areas. boot barn, its service providers and the mobile carriers supported by the program are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. pre-paid users may not be able to participate. check with your mobile operator. boot barn collects certain information automatically upon subscription. information collected includes the type of mobile device you use, unique device identifier and mobile operating system. if you sign up for our text messaging program, cookies may be used to personalize your experience (e.g. send you personalized text messages such as shopping cart reminders). opt-in for boot barn mobile alerts and offers: by signing up via text, the boot barn mobile subscriber agrees to receive boot barn updates and offers via text. you agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized mobile marketing text messages from boot barn to the mobile number provided by you. consent is not a condition of purchase. the text messages may be sent using an automated system. reply stop to cancel. reply help to for help. message frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply. view terms. text bootbarn to 20447. children's privacy at boot barn boot barn does not sell products for purchase by children. we sell children's products for purchase by adults. boot barn, inc is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the internet. we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. access, correction & deletion we respect your right to access and correct your personal information. you may access your personal information by signing into your account. from there, you can correct or modify your information. you may also exercise your rights, subject to applicable laws, to request that we delete or restrict access to your personal data. we may need to retain it for legally permitted purposes and this will be explained to you if necessary. if you need assistance correcting or updating your personal information, or would like to request that we delete your personal information, please contact us using the contact information detailed in the “contact us” section below. your california privacy rights (california residents) california residents have the right to request once per calendar year a list of the companies with which we may share personal information for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and a list of the categories of such personal information shared. california residents may make this request by filling out and submitting this web form, by e-mailing privacy@bootbarn.com, or by calling 1-844-901-1870. if emailing, please include "california privacy request - right to know" in the first line of the description and your california mailing or street address. if you are a california resident, you also have the right to access, or to request that we delete, any personal information we have collected about you, and inquire about our collection, sale and disclosure of your personal information. california residents may make this request by filling out and submitting this web form, by e-mailing privacy@bootbarn.com, or by calling us at 1-844-901-1870. if emailing, please include "california privacy request - request to delete" in the first line of the description and your california mailing or street address. california residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information where applicable. however, as described in this privacy policy, bootbarn.com does not sell personal information. your exercise of these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our services. california residents may request further information about compliance with california law and to make a request under california law by e-mailing privacy@bootbarn.com. please include "california privacy rights request" in the first line of the description and your california mailing or street address. please do not include any attachments. security we maintain reasonable and appropriate measures designed to maintain information we collect in a secure manner. we have taken certain physical, electronic, and administrative steps to safeguard and secure the information we collect from visitors to the sites. even though we follow reasonable procedures to try to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect and we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your information will be secure in all circumstances. use by non-us residents the site is operated in the united states under united states law. we do not intentionally offer goods and services to individuals outside of the united states. if you reside in another country, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be collected and stored in the united states or other countries that may have data privacy laws that are less protective than the laws where you reside. right to lodge complaints we are transparent about the ways in which we collect and use personal information, and welcome your questions and concerns. if you have any concern or complaint about the way we handle your personal information, please contact us as described below. to the extent you believe we have not addressed your concerns or otherwise choose to do so, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the country where you reside and/or the united states. you may contact the us federal trade commission regarding your concerns. for more information, please see https://www.ftc.gov/faq/consumer-protection/submit-consumer-complaint-ftc. updates boot barn may find it necessary to update this privacy policy from time to time. when we do, we will post the revised policy and the date of the last revision on our website so the consumer is aware of the changes. be the first to know enter your email submit thank you for signing up! sign up to receive exclusive offers and more via email from boot barn find a store find a store near you for storytelling go to facebook go to instagram go to pinterest go to twitter go to youtube support contact us store locator gift cards gift card balance egift card order status same day delivery in-store pickup returns & exchanges shipping site map international shipping faqs sizing guide the whip affirm boot barn reviews unsubscribe more company information store locator brand directory about us commercial accounts for investors careers press & media blog sweepstakes winners store visit survey corporate social responsibility b rewarded sign up b rewarded benefits points balance b rewarded faqs boot barn credit card easy returns online & in store need help? phone support 1-888-440-2668 1-888-440-2668 ©2023 boot barn, all rights reserved. privacy policy accessibility policy conditions of use do not sell my information find another store find a boot barn near you use my location or zip code search sorry we couldn't find any stores for that search. please try again. in order to validate and process your request thoroughly, please submit your accurate information below. all fields are required. you will receive a response within 45 days of your submission. first name last name email phone number by submitting this form, i confirm and declare under penalty of perjury that i am the consumer whose personal information is subject to this request. in order to validate and process your request thoroughly, please submit your accurate information below. all fields are required. you will receive a response within 45 days of your submission. first name last name email phone number by submitting this form, i confirm and declare under penalty of perjury that i am the consumer whose personal information is subject to this request. thank you. your request has been received. an unexpected error occurred processing your request. please try again later.