来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250506165914/https://www.bootbarn.com/cs-conditions-of-use.html
================================================================================

"> conditions of use skip to main content canada sale on sale: extra 30% offshop now shop search catalog search close search suggestions suggested searches cody james cody james black 1978 shyanne idyllwind fueled by miranda lambert men's boots women's boots hats cold weather outerwear belts search all stores stores near you: williston 100 cypress street williston, vermont 05495 (802) 995-0081 make this my store get directions store hours mon: 9:00am - 9:00pm tue: 9:00am - 9:00pm wed: 9:00am - 9:00pm thu: 9:00am - 9:00pm fri: 9:00am - 9:00pm sat: 9:00am - 9:00pm sun: 10:00am - 7:00pm search all stores use my location store my account sign in create an account my account account info login settings address book payment methods order history wishlist sign out my account account info login settings address book payment methods order history wishlist sign out order status 0 my store: my store: set location men shop by category find your perfect boot fit all cowboy boots & shoes men's chelsea boots men's work boots men's hats men's shirts men’s outerwear men's jeans & pants men's workwear men's belts & buckles men's accessories men's hiking boots shop by collection top trending pieces new arrivals festival styles rodeo styles wedding attire men's exotic sets shop matching sets women shop by category find your perfect boot fit women's western boots & shoes women's hats women's dresses & skirts women's tops women's jeans & bottoms women's outerwear women's accessories women's belts & buckles women's hiking boots women's workwear women's work boots & shoes shop by collection mother's day gifts top trending pieces festival styles new arrivals wedding collection rodeo styles spring dresses kids shop by category boys' western boots & shoes girls' western boots & shoes girls' clothing boys' clothing kids' accessories kids' hats kids' toys backpacks shop by collection matching family pieces rodeo styles shop kids' boots shop by gender find your perfect fit men's western boots & shoes women's western boots & shoes kids boots & shoes new arrivals top trending boot care & accessories men's men's cowboy boots men's exotic boots men's roper boots men's chelsea boots men's casual boots men's patriotic boots men's hiking boots men's work boots & shoes women's women's cowboy boots women's exotic boots women's tall boots women's booties women's chelsea boots women's casual boots women's hiking boots women's work boots & shoes kids' boys' cowboy boots girls' cowboy boots find your perfect fit hats shop by gender all men's hats all women's hats all kids' hats all work hats hat care & accessories men's men's wool hats men's felt hats men's straw hats men's ball caps men's beanies women's women's wool hats women's felt hats women's straw hats women's ball caps women's beanies kids' all kids' hats kids' wool felt hats kids' straw hats kids' ball caps cody james black 1978 fashion shop by category women's wonderwest boots women's wonderwest dresses & skirts women's wonderwest tops women's wonderwest jeans & pants women's wonderwest outerwear women's wonderwest accessories all women's wonderwest shop festival country shop by category men's country boots men's country shirts men's country jeans men's country outerwear all men's country women's country boots women's country tops women's country dresses & skirts women's country jeans women's country outerwear all women's country shop patriotic work shop by category men's work boots men's work shirts men's work outerwear men's work pants & jeans all men's workwear all work hats all work accessories women's work boots women's work shirts\ women's work outerwear women's work jeans & pants all women's work hawx workwear cody james workwear learn more about fr workwear why boot barn work shop hawx wedgework boots decor & gifts shop by category gift cards & e-gift cards gifts home décor perfumes & colognes sale shop by category men's sale boots men's sale shirts men's sale outerwear men's sale jeans & pants men's sale workwear men's sale hats all men's sale women's sale boots women's sale shirts women's sale outerwear women's sale jeans & pants women's sale dresses & skirts women's sale hats all women's sale kids' sale boots boys' sale clothing & accessories girls' sale clothing & accessories all kids' sale gift and décor sale all sale accessories shop deals all deals bogo 50% jewelry $100 off select exotics 2 for $80 jeans hat sale $49.99 fr shirts 2 for $25 work tees brands shop by brand cody james cody james black 1978 shyanne idyllwind moonshine spirit hawx brothers and sons el dorado rank 45 cleo + wolf blue ranchwear wonderwest gibson trading co boot barn thorogood workwear ariat justin boots corral boots twisted x tony lama wrangler lucchese roper dan post laredo cinch carhartt durango chippewa double h ugg levi's panhandle more brands store locator my account sign in create an account my account account info login settings address book payment methods order history wishlist sign out my account account info login settings address book payment methods order history wishlist sign out order status b rewarded sign up b rewarded benefits points balance faqs canada your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. customer service contact us email sign-up we have it promise boot barn credit card make a credit card payment faqs gift card balance shipping & delivery international shipping returns sizing guide corporate social responsibility accessibility policy secure shopping privacy policy careers site map boot barn productions sweepstakes winners conditions of use commercial accounts ingredient disclosures catalog sign-up online outpost how boots should fit? unsubscribe your security is important to us. privacy policy customer service if you have any questions or need help with your account, please contact us. 1-888-440-2668 email us faqs dispute resolution & arbitration agreement scope of the arbitration agreement. mindful of the high cost of legal disputes, not only in dollars but in time and energy, both you and bootbarn.com agree that any legal dispute between you and bootbarn.com concerning or arising in any way out of these terms, any purchase from bootbarn.com, any communications between you and bootbarn.com, or your participation in any other program or service provided by bootbarn.com shall be resolved through binding individual arbitration unless you opt out of this arbitration agreement using the process explained below. you understand and agree that you are waiving your right to sue or go to court to assert or defend your rights. however, either you or bootbarn.com may bring any individual claim in small claims court consistent with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply, as long as it is brought and maintained as an individual claim. the term “dispute” means any dispute, action, claim, or other controversy between you and bootbarn.com, whether in contract, warranty, tort, statute, regulation, ordinance, or any other legal or equitable basis. “dispute” will be given the broadest possible meaning allowable under law informal dispute resolution. either party asserting a dispute shall first try in good faith to resolve it by providing written notice as specified below to the other party describing the facts and circumstances (including any relevant documentation) and allowing the receiving party 30 days in which to respond. notice shall be made by first class or registered mail (1) to bootbarn.com at bootbarn.com attn: customer service po box 12445 wichita, ks 67277-2445 or (2) to you at the postal address on file with bootbarn.com. both you and bootbarn.com agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent which must be satisfied before initiating any arbitration against the other party. right to opt out of this arbitration agreement. you may opt out of this arbitration agreement within the first 30 days after the earliest of the first time you (a) make a purchase from our website; or (b) sign up for any program or service provided by bootbarn.com. you may also opt out of this arbitration agreement within 30 days after we notify you regarding a material change to this arbitration agreement. you may opt out by sending an email to service@bootbarn.com or by sending a letter to bootbarn.com attn: customer service po box 12445 wichita, ks 67277-2445. you should include your printed name, mailing address, and the words “reject arbitration.” how arbitration works. either party may initiate arbitration, which shall be conducted by the american arbitration association (“aaa”) pursuant to its consumer arbitration rules (“aaa rules”), as modified by this arbitration agreement. the aaa rules are available on the aaa’s website www.adr.org, or by calling the aaa at (800) 778-7879. in the event the aaa is unavailable or unwilling to hear the dispute, the parties shall agree to, or the court shall select, another arbitration provider. unless you and bootbarn.com agree otherwise, any arbitration hearing shall take place in the county of your residence (as determined by your billing address on file with bootbarn.com). if you live outside the united states, any arbitration will take place in the usa. except for claims determined by the arbitrator to be frivolous, bootbarn.com will pay all filing, administrative, arbitrator and hearing costs and waives any rights it may have to recover an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses against you. waiver of right to bring class action and representative claims. any arbitration shall proceed on an individual basis. the arbitrator is empowered to resolve the dispute with the same remedies available in court, however, any relief must be individualized to you and shall not affect any other customer. you and bootbarn.com also agree that each may bring claims against the other in arbitration only in your or their respective individual capacities and in so doing you and bootbarn.com hereby waive the right to a trial by jury, to assert or participate in any class action lawsuit or class action arbitration, any private attorney general lawsuit or private attorney general arbitration, and any joint or consolidated lawsuit or joint or consolidated arbitration of any kind. if a court decides that the limitations of this paragraph are deemed invalid or unenforceable, any putative class, private attorney general, or representative action must be brought in a court of proper jurisdiction and not in arbitration. governing law and other terms. this arbitration agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted, construed, and enforced in accordance with, the federal arbitration act and other applicable federal law. to the extent state law applies to any aspect of this arbitration agreement, or to any disputes and claims that are covered by the arbitration agreement, the law of the state or country of your residence, as determined by your mailing address on file with bootbarn.com, will govern. only the arbitrator is authorized to make determinations as to the scope, validity, or enforceability of this agreement, including whether any dispute falls within its scope. however, the parties agree that any issue concerning the validity of the class/representative action waiver above must be decided by a court, and an arbitrator does not have authority to consider the validity of the waiver. except as set forth in the above paragraph regarding the class/representative action waiver, if any portion of this arbitration agreement is deemed invalid or unenforceable, it will not invalidate the remaining portions of the arbitration agreement. this dispute resolution & arbitration agreement survives the termination of your relationship with bootbarn.com, including the end of your participation in any program or service and opt-out of consent for marketing or other agreements with bootbarn.com. bootbarn.com will provide notice of any material changes to this arbitration agreement. be the first to know enter your email submit thank you for signing up! sign up to receive exclusive offers and more via email from boot barn find a store find a store near you for storytelling go to facebook go to instagram go to pinterest go to x go to youtube go to linkedin go to tiktok support contact us store locator gift cards gift card balance egift card order status same day delivery returns shipping site map international shipping faqs sizing guide the whip affirm boot barn reviews unsubscribe more support options company information store locator brand directory about us commercial accounts for investors careers press & media blog store visit survey corporate social responsibility b rewarded sign up b rewarded benefits points balance b rewarded faqs boot barn credit card make a credit card payment easy returns online & in store need help? phone support 1-888-440-2668 1-888-440-2668 ©2025 boot barn, all rights reserved. privacy policy accessibility policy conditions of use do not sell my information find another store find a boot barn near you use my location or zip code go sorry we couldn't find any stores for that search. please try again. shop selected store