来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151224184445/http://www.bodenusa.com/ProductRecallNotice
================================================================================

product recall notice skip to main navigation skip to sub navigation skip to main content skip to product navigation skip to help navigation search the site helpful tools order from catalogue departments departments women shop by category... sold out of your size? sign up and we'll let you know when we have more in stock. first name: last name: your email address: sign up for new arrivals, offers and styling tips thank you, we'll be in touch when more stock becomes available. accessories coats & jackets dresses knitwear loungewear new in nightwear pants & jeans petite collection shirts & blouses shoes & boots shorts skirts swimwear tops & t-shirts tunics & kaftans workwear collection gift cards clearancetop rated features outfit maker style shops denim shopboden basicsthe monochrome editthe trend editwhat’s the occasion?refinery 29 picksbeach shop men shop by category... accessories coats & jackets knitwear loungewear new in pants & jeans shirts shoes & boots shorts suits swimwear tops & t-shirts underwear gift cards clearancetop rated girls mini boden (1½-12yrs) accessories coats & jackets dresses knitwear new in nightwear pants & jeans shoes & boots shorts skirts ski-wear sweatshirts & fleeces swimwear tops & t-shirts underwear gift cards clearancetop rated johnnie b (9-16yrs) accessories coats & jackets dresses knitwear new in pants & jeans shoes & boots shorts skirts sweatshirts & fleeces swimwear tops & t-shirts underwear gift cards clearancetop rated boys mini boden (1½-12yrs) accessories activewear coats & jackets knitwear new in nightwear pants & jeans shirts shoes & boots shorts ski-wear sweatshirts & fleeces swimwear tops & t-shirts underwear gift cards clearancetop rated johnnie b (9-16yrs) accessories coats & jackets knitwear new in pants & jeans shirts shoes & boots shorts sweatshirts & fleeces swimwear tops & t-shirts underwear gift cards clearancetop rated baby mini boden (0-3yrs) accessories coats & jackets dresses gifting knitwear new in newborn pants & jeans rompers & play sets shorts sweatshirts & fleeces swimwear tops & t-shirts gift cards clearancetop rated style shops beautiful baby logosbaby beach shopbaby boys shopbaby girls shopbaby print shop clearance women men girls girls 1½-12yrs girls 9-16yrs boys boys 1½-12yrs boys 9-16yrs baby we love home outfits and ideas movies blog home boden main site we've noticed you have javascript switched off. it's not a problem (even if you haven't a clue what javascript is), and we should have it all sorted out by the time you've read this sentence, but if your page doesn't appear in the next 5 seconds click here. home product recall notices pj short set shades pj short set navy sails pj set boys’ pajamas recall date: april 9, 2014 j.p. boden recalls boys’ pajamas due to violation of federal flammability standard washington, d.c. - consumers should stop using this product unless otherwise instructed. it is illegal to resell or attempt to resell a recalled consumer product. recall summary name of product: boys’ pajamas hazard: the pajamas fail to meet the federal flammability standards for children’s sleepwear, posing a risk of burn injury to children. remedy: refund consumer contact: jp boden toll-free at (866) 206-9508 from 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. et monday through friday or online at www.bodenusa.com and click on product recalls for more information. recall units units: about 210 description: this recall involves johnnie b boys’ pajama sets with a top and shorts and model number 84004, and mini boden pajama sets with a top and shorts and model number 24106. the pajamas were sold in boys’ sizes 2t to 16 and are 100 percent cotton. “boden” is printed on tag at the neck area. the model number is printed on the back of the care label in the tops and bottoms. the johnnie b pajama sets have “johnnie b” on the waistband and were sold in navy blue with sailboats and a gray and white-striped top, and sunglasses printed on a gray background and a blue and white-striped top. mini boden pajama sets were sold in various prints, including motorcycles on a green background, rockets on a blue background, and sailboats and windsurfers on a blue background. incidents/injuries: none reported. remedy: consumers should immediately take the recalled pajamas away from children and contact j.p. boden for a full refund. j.p. boden is contacting its customers directly. sold exclusively at: online at www.bodenusa.com during january 2014 for about $48. manufacturer/importer: jp boden services inc., of pittston, pa. manufactured in: portugal. the u.s. consumer product safety commission (cpsc) is still interested in receiving incident or injury reports that are either directly related to this product recall or involve a different hazard with the same product. please tell us about your experience with the product on saferproducts.gov. the u.s. consumer product safety commission is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of injury or death associated with the use of thousands of types of consumer products under the agency’s jurisdiction. deaths, injuries, and property damage from consumer product incidents cost the nation more than $1 trillion annually. cpsc is committed to protecting consumers and families from products that pose a fire, electrical, chemical or mechanical hazard. cpsc’s work to ensure the safety of consumer products - such as toys, cribs, power tools, cigarette lighters and household chemicals – contributed to a decline in the rate of deaths and injuries associated with consumer products over the past 40 years. federal law bars any person from selling products subject to a publicly-announced voluntary recall by a manufacturer or a mandatory recall ordered by the commission. to report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.saferproducts.gov or call cpsc’s hotline at (800) 638-2772 or teletypewriter at (301) 595-7054 for the hearing impaired. consumers can obtain news release and recall information at www.cpsc.gov, on twitter @onsafety or by subscribing to cpsc’s free e-mail newsletters. cpsc consumer information hotline contact us at this toll-free number if you have questions about a recall: 800-638-2772 (tty 301-595-7054) times: 8 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. et; messages can be left anytime call to get product safety and other agency information and to report unsafe products. media contact: please use the phone numbers below for all media requests. phone: (301) 504-7908 spanish: (301) 504-7800 view cpsc contacts for specific areas of expertise. report an unsafe product: we are still interested in receiving incident or injury reports that are either directly related to this product recall or involve a different hazard with the same product. please tell us about your experience in the future, cpsc plans to add automated safety tips and safety resource boxes to all recalls based on the high-level product category that this product falls in. examples of high-level product categories are toys, baby products, sports equipment, etc. ‹ return to home page boys sandals blue girls sandals green girls sandals pink girls sandals boys' and girls' sandals recall date: august 15, 2013 recall number: 13-draft 8/6/13 10:30 a.m. et jp boden recalls children’s sandals due to fall hazard washington, d.c. - consumers should stop using this product unless otherwise instructed. it is illegal to resell or attempt to resell a recalled consumer product. recall summary name of product: boys’ and girls’ sandals hazard: the cork sole can detach from the sandal and cause a child to trip and fall. remedy: refund consumer contact: jp boden toll-free at (866) 206-9508 from 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. et monday through friday or online at www.bodenusa.com and click on product recalls for more information. recall units units: about 900 description: this recall involved jp boden boys’ and girls’ sandals with cork soles sizes 24 through 37 (children’s sizes 8 through 5). the boys’ sandals are brown leather with large buckles and a camouflage print on the inside sole of the shoe. the girls’ sandals are blue, green or pink suede with a suede ruffle. mini boden and the sandal size are printed on the inside sole of the shoe. incidents/injuries: none reported. remedy: consumers should take the sandals away from children immediately and contact jp boden to receive a postage paid label to return the shoes and receive a full refund. jp boden is contacting purchasers of the sandals directly. sold at: boden catalog nationwide and online at www.bodenusa.com from january 2013 through june 2013 for between $44 and $48. manufacturer/importer: jp boden services inc., of pittston, pa. manufactured in: vietnam. the u.s. consumer product safety commission (cpsc) is still interested in receiving incident or injury reports that are either directly related to this product recall or involve a different hazard with the same product. please tell us about your experience with the product on saferproducts.gov. the u.s. consumer product safety commission is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of injury or death associated with the use of the thousands of consumer products under the agency’s jurisdiction. deaths, injuries and property damage from consumer product incidents cost the nation more than $900 billion annually. cpsc is committed to protecting consumers and families from products that pose a fire, electrical, chemical or mechanical hazard. cpsc’s work to ensure the safety of consumer products - such as toys, cribs, power tools, cigarette lighters and household chemicals – contributed to a decline in the rate of deaths and injuries associated with consumer products over the past 40 years. federal law bars any person from selling products subject to a publicly-announced voluntary recall by a manufacturer or a mandatory recall ordered by the commission. to report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.saferproducts.gov or call cpsc’s hotline at (800) 638-2772 or teletypewriter at (301) 595-7054 for the hearing impaired. consumers can obtain news release and recall information at www.cpsc.gov, on twitter @onsafety or by subscribing to cpsc’s free e-mail newsletters. contact us toll-free consumer hotline: 800-638-2772 (tty 301-595-7054) times: 8 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. et; messages can be left anytime call to get product safety and other agency information and to report unsafe products. media contact: please use the phone numbers below for all media requests. phone: (301) 504-7908 spanish: (301) 504-7800 view cpsc contacts for specific areas of expertise. report an unsafe product: we are still interested in receiving incident or injury reports that are either directly related to this product recall or involve a different hazard with the same product. ‹ return to home page dark blue cream red turquoise womens kensington court high heel shoes recall date: july 31, 2013 recall number: 13-for clearance 7/18/13 10:18 a.m jp boden recalls kensington court high heel shoes due to fall hazard consumers should stop using this product unless otherwise instructed. it is illegal to resell or attempt to resell a recalled consumer product. recall summary name of product: kensington court women’s shoes hazard: the heel on the shoe can loosen with wear and become unstable, posing a fall hazard. remedy: refund consumer contact: jp boden toll-free at (866) 206-9508 from 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. et monday through friday or online at www.bodenusa.com and click on product recalls for more information. recall units units: about 190 description: the kensington court 3 1/2 inch high heel patent leather shoes were sold in four colors including dark blue with beige trim, cream with tan trim, red with gray trim and turquoise blue with beige trim. the plain toe pump women’s shoes were sold in sizes 5-1/2 to 10-1/2. the boden logo is printed on a label on the inside sole of the shoe. incidents/injuries: none reported. remedy: consumers should stop wearing the shoes and contact jp boden to receive a postage paid label to return the shoes and receive a full refund. sold at: boden catalog nationwide and online at www.bodenusa.com from january 2013 through june 2013 for about $170. manufacturer/importer: jp boden services inc., of pittston, pa. manufactured in: spain. the u.s. consumer product safety commission (cpsc) is still interested in receiving incident or injury reports that are either directly related to this product recall or involve a different hazard with the same product. please tell us about your experience with the product on saferproducts.gov. the u.s. consumer product safety commission is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of injury or death associated with the use of the thousands of consumer products under the agency’s jurisdiction. deaths, injuries and property damage from consumer product incidents cost the nation more than $900 billion annually. cpsc is committed to protecting consumers and families from products that pose a fire, electrical, chemical or mechanical hazard. cpsc’s work to ensure the safety of consumer products - such as toys, cribs, power tools, cigarette lighters and household chemicals – contributed to a decline in the rate of deaths and injuries associated with consumer products over the past 40 years. federal law bars any person from selling products subject to a publicly-announced voluntary recall by a manufacturer or a mandatory recall ordered by the commission. to report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.saferproducts.gov or call cpsc’s hotline at (800) 638-2772 or teletypewriter at (301) 595-7054 for the hearing impaired. consumers can obtain news release and recall information at www.cpsc.gov, on twitter @onsafety or by subscribing to cpsc’s free e-mail newsletters. contact us toll-free consumer hotline: 800-638-2772 (tty 301-595-7054) times: 8 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. et; messages can be left anytime call to get product safety and other agency information and to report unsafe products. media contact: please use the phone numbers below for all media requests. phone: (301) 504-7908 spanish: (301) 504-7800 view cpsc contacts for specific areas of expertise. report an unsafe product: we are still interested in receiving incident or injury reports that are either directly related to this product recall or involve a different hazard with the same product. ‹ return to home page light brown red infant and children’s dungarees recall date: april 18, 2013 recall number: 13-044 infant and children’s dungarees recalled by j.p. boden due to choking hazard consumers should stop using this product, which is being recalled voluntarily, unless otherwise instructed. it is illegal to resell or attempt to resell a recalled consumer product. recall summary name of product: mini boden chunky cord dungarees hazard: the studs and clasps on the pants can detach, posing a choking hazard to infants and small children. remedy: refund consumer contact: j.p. boden & co ltd.; toll-free at (866) 206-9508, from 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. et daily, or at www.bodenusa.com recall units units: about 1,900 description: the recalled overall corduroy dungaree pants were sold in light brown and red in sizes 0-24 months and 2y through 4y. there are two snaps on each side of the overalls, side pockets and a center pocket with a sewn-in black and white tab label. there is a label on the back of the waist of the dungarees with item number 72092. the label inside the back strap of the dungarees reads “baby boden” and the buttons read “mini boden.” pants shipped directly to consumers came in a bag labeled “mini boden.” incidents/injuries: none reported. remedy: consumers should immediately take the pants away from children and contact j.p. boden to receive a postage paid envelope for returning the pants to get a refund. sold at: nordstrom stores, online at bodenusa.com and through the boden catalog from july 2012 through march 2013 for about $40. manufacturer/importer: j.p. boden services inc., of pittston, pa. manufactured in: china. cpsc is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of injury or death associated with the use of the thousands of consumer products under the agency’s jurisdiction. deaths, injuries and property damage from consumer product incidents cost the nation more than $900 billion annually. cpsc is committed to protecting consumers and families from products that pose a fire, electrical, chemical or mechanical hazard. cpsc’s work to ensure the safety of consumer products - such as toys, cribs, power tools, cigarette lighters and household chemicals – contributed to a decline in the rate of deaths and injuries associated with consumer products over the past 30 years. federal law bars any person from selling products subject to a publicly-announced voluntary recall by a manufacturer or a mandatory recall ordered by the commission. to report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.saferproducts.gov or call cpsc’s hotline at (800) 638-2772 or teletypewriter at (301) 595-7054 for the hearing impaired. consumers can obtain news release and recall information at www.cpsc.gov, on twitter @onsafety or by subscribing to cpsc’s free e-mail newsletters. contact us toll-free consumer hotline: 800-638-2772 (tty 301-595-7054) times: 8 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. et; messages can be left anytime call to get product safety and other agency information and to report unsafe products. media contact: please use the phone numbers below for all media requests. phone: (301) 504-7908 spanish: (301) 504-7800 view cpsc contacts for specific areas of expertise. report an unsafe product: we are still interested in receiving incident or injury reports that are either directly related to this product recall or involve a different hazard with the same product. ‹ return to home page motorcyle pattern rocket pattern sky car pattern children’s pajamas recall date: november 20, 2012 recall number: 13-044 children’s pajamas recalled by j.p. boden due to violation of federal flammability standards consumers should stop using this product, which is being recalled voluntarily, unless otherwise instructed. it is illegal to resell or attempt to resell a recalled consumer product. recall summary name of product: children’s pajamas hazard: the pajamas fail to meet federal flammability standards for children’s sleepwear, posing a risk of burn injuries to children. remedy: refund or replace consumer contact: j.p. boden & co ltd.; toll-free at (866) 206-9508, from 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. et daily, or at www.bodenusa.com recall units units: about 1,130 description: the recalled products are 100% cotton pajamas for children 1.5 to 14 years old. the brand name “mini boden” appears on the back-neck labels on the tops, the centre-back waist on the bottoms, and on the packaging. each twin pack contained two long-sleeved tops and two bottoms in one of the following color schemes: black, white and blue with motorcycles print; white, blue and pink with rocket and stars print; or a light blue, blue and green with cars print. the garments were sold as pajamas. incidents/injuries: none reported. remedy: consumers should immediately stop using the pajamas and contact boden for a full refund, exchange or merchandise credit. sold exlusively at: bodenusa.com from july 21, 2012 to september 17, 2012 for about $48. manufacturer: j.p. boden & co ltd, of the united kingdom. manufactured in: turkey. the u.s. consumer product safety commission (cpsc) is still interested in receiving incident or injury reports that are either directly related to this product recall or involve a different hazard with the same product. please tell us about your experience with the product on saferproducts.gov. cpsc is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of injury or death associated with the use of the thousands of consumer products under the agency’s jurisdiction. deaths, injuries, and property damage from consumer product incidents cost the nation more than $900 billion annually. cpsc is committed to protecting consumers and families from products that pose a fire, electrical, chemical, or mechanical hazard. cpsc’s work to ensure the safety of consumer products—such as toys, cribs, power tools, cigarette lighters, and household chemicals—contributed to a decline in the rate of deaths and injuries associated with consumer products over the past 30 years. under federal law, it is illegal to attempt to sell or resell this or any other recalled product.to report a dangerous product or a product-related injury, go online to: saferproducts.gov, call cpsc’s hotline at (800) 638-2772 or teletypewriter at (301) 595-7054 for the hearing and speech impaired. consumers can obtain this news release and product safety information at www.cpsc.gov. to join a free e-mail subscription list, please go to www.cpsc.gov/cpsclist.aspx. please tell us about your experience in the future, cpsc plans to add automated safety tips and safety resource boxes to all recalls based on the high-level product category that this product falls in. examples of high-level product categories are toys, baby products, sports equipment, etc. contact us toll-free consumer hotline: 800-638-2772 (tty 301-595-7054) times: 8 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. et; messages can be left anytime call to get product safety and other agency information and to report unsafe products. media contact: please use the phone numbers below for all media requests. phone: (301) 504-7908 spanish: (301) 504-7800 view cpsc contacts for specific areas of expertise. report an unsafe product: we are still interested in receiving incident or injury reports that are either directly related to this product recall or involve a different hazard with the same product. ‹ return to home page help navigation can we help? call customer services on: 1-866-206-9508 about us tech & legal site map sizing privacy policy gift cards shipping & returns shopping with us contact us stay in touch sign up for email join the boden grapevine and be first to hear about news, offers, sales and silly stuff request a catalogue recommend us to a friend