来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180825153129/https://sdwheel.com/faq
================================================================================

sd wheel 630-389-8661 need help? my account hello, sign in 0my cart shop wheel & tire packages wheels oe replica wheels tires suspension performance lighting exterior accessories interior accessories wheel accessories today's deals gift cards brands wheels tires suspension blogs top wheels top truck wheels top car wheels top tires top truck tires top car tires wholesale program sign in or create an account shop wheel & tire packages wheels oe replica wheels tires suspension performance lighting exterior accessories interior accessories wheel accessories today's deals gift cards brands wheels tires suspension blogs top wheels top truck wheels top car wheels top tires top truck tires top car tires wholesale program ☰ 0 enjoy 0% apr financing - upgrade now, pay later frequently asked questions about us can i trust sd wheel's site?+absolutely! we're one of the oldest online wheel and tire retailers in the nation and we have served nearly a million customers - that's right, 1,000,000 people! check out our facebook, instagram, google us, or ask a neighbor and you'll find a whole lot of good about us - we're here to serve. if that's not enough, you can complete your checkout using either paypal or affirm which both offer additional protection like the paypal buyer protection program - not that you'll need it! how can i reach you?+you can reach us by phone or email using our contact us page and we'll be sure to respond back as soon as possible! payment how do i pay for my order?+we have several payment options that are super easy to use while offering a secure checkout: 1. credit card or debit card 2. paypal (no account required) 3. affirm financing 4. katapult financing 5. giftcard by using a third-party service like paypal, affirm, and katapult your credit card information will be 100% safe. paypal & affirm come with additional built in protection like paypal's buyer protection program. even though you won't need it, it's nice to know that it's there. note: you are not required to sign up for a paypal account to checkout. paypal allows non-members the ability to check-out with a credit card just like you would at any other e-commerce store.do you offer financing?+ yes! we have teamed up with multiple companies to offer our customers a wide range of financing options. affirm, katapult, and other services offer fixed monthly payment options with typical annual interest rates ranging from 0% apr to 36% apr (subject to credit approval). financing your purchase couldn't be easier! simply add your items to the cart and select the payment option that suits your needs at checkout. our financing partners are able to provide a credit decision within seconds, and if approved, will provide you with all of the details you will need to make your final decision. check out our financing page for more information on convenient, flexible, transparent financing options. what is affirm financing?+ affirm is determined to deliver honest financial products that improve lives as an alternative option to credit cards. when you can choose a payment option that suits your budget, it's easy to get the wheels or tires that you need! check out our financing page for more information on convenient, flexible, transparent financing options. your rate will be 0% apr or 10-36% apr based on credit, and is subject to an eligibility check. for example, a $700 purchase might cost $72.21/mo over 12 months at 15% apr. payment options through affirm are provided by these lending partners: affirm.com/lenders. options depend on your purchase amount, and a down payment may be required.what is katapult financing?+ katapult offers hyper-flexible purchase plans to open up paths to ownership for shoppers who are overlooked by other payment options. katapult uses their technology to look beyond credit scores and empower potential shoppers everywhere. check out our katapult financing page for more information on convenient, flexible, transparent financing options.what about sales tax?+ in the united states, all applicable state, county and local sales tax will be added to your order, except if shipping to ak, dc, de, mt, nh, or or. the tax calculated is an estimate and may be subject to change at time of shipping. we reserve the right to add sales tax where legally required. sales or use tax is due on certain purchases delivered or sourced to washington. washington requires you to file a use tax return when sales tax is not paid at the time of purchase. this message is required under the revised code of washington 82.13.020(2)(a)(i).what if i found a lower price than you quoted?+you must have found a really good deal! send us a link to the actual webpage (not just the name of the website) and we'll beat it - or at least we'll try, every once in a while we can't. unfortunately, we cannot accept screenshots to price match as we need to be able to verify the pricing. we would need a link to the individual product page or full package listing depending on if you're looking to purchase just wheels/tires or a full wheel and tire setup. the links must be apples-to-apples with your quote and we are unable to price match multiple individual listings for a full package purchase. shipping & delivery how long does it take for my order to arrive?+ wheels only: 4-7 business days tires only: 3-7 business days wheel & tire package: 14-21 business days in stock items should follow these timelines closely but please keep in mind that these are estimates, not guarantees. ceramic coating may add 2-3 business days.will i need to sign for my order when it is delivered?+this will depend on what you ordered! for orders like wheels only or accessories, usps or ups will deliver these to your location without signature and you can follow the progress with their easy to follow tracking. for freight shipments like wheel and tire packages, the shipment will require a signature most of the time. if your shipment does not require a signature, we will notify you while the order is still in our warehouse to give you time to prepare for your delivery.are liftgates included with shipping?+no, the package can be broken down and inspected while unloading each tire by rolling it off the delivery truck individually. if you do require a lift gate, please reach out to us using the contact us page and we can confirm pricing with the freight company for this additional service.can i ship my order to a business address?+yes! be sure to include the business name in the shipping address details during checkout as the carrier will need the business name to complete delivery.can i ship my order to a po address?+we are unable to ship items to po boxes unless it is only a smaller item like clothing or only lugs. if you provided a po box address for a wheel, tire, or suspension order, one of our team will be reaching out to you to update your shipping address to a physical location.can i ship my order to apo or fpo military addresses?+ apo/fpo/dpo: we will work with you to try to complete this order but we can only ship to these types of addresses on a case by case basis. additional shipping charges apply to anything shipped outside of the us (lower 48) contact us with your shipping address and order description so that one of our experts can put together shipping details on this order.do you ship internationally?+ yes! from canada to australia and everywhere in between, we frequently ship to countries all over the world. please note that unless otherwise specified, sd wheel shipping covers freight only within the 48 contiguous states. if applicable, additional fees (brokerage, duties, etc.) are collected locally and are not included in the price paid. in rare cases, we have temporarily suspended shipping to certain countries, like russia, depending on frequency of fraud based issues. we do not ship to freight forwarders and all international shipments must go through our carriers directly to you. have international shipping questions? please ask prior to ordering.what about duty fees?+ if you're an international customer your government may charge duties or taxes when the product arrives. sd wheel does not pay for these additional taxes and fees and the customer is responsible to do the research and understand these fees, we do not have the resources to quote these additional costs. please note that if you're an international customer your government may charge duties/taxes/brokerage when the product arrives. sd wheel does not pay for these additional brokerage, taxes, and fees.shipping terms+ sd wheel is not responsible for lost, misplaced, or delayed shipments or damaged freight by the freight carriers after they have been dispatched. sd wheel cannot be held responsible / liable for lost or stolen packages that have delivery confirmation to the address that was provided. the customer accepts full responsibility to file any claim(s) with the carrier for damaged and/or lost shipments. sd wheel is not responsible for mis-delivery errors via the carrier, or incorrect shipping info.international shipping disclaimer+ you, the buyer, are responsible for any vat, tariff, duty, taxes, handling fees, customs clearance charges, etc. required by your country for importing consumer goods. we do not collect this beforehand, and cannot give you an estimate of the cost - charges vary around the world. as an international consumer, please do your research to ensure there are no surprise charges when clearing your package through customs, and to have an idea of what the additional cost may be. if you are unfamiliar with customs fees and charges, please speak to your local postal or customs office for more information. it is your full responsibility to verify the customs, duties, charges, and procedures in your country prior to placing your order. if customs fees and charges are refused at the time of delivery, your order will be returned and you will not receive a refund for shipment costs.what is the shipping protection plan?+ shipping protection provides customers protection against lost, stolen, or damaged packages during the shipping process. for an additional fee, customers can add shipping protection to their order at checkout. if customers have a shipping issue, they can reach out to our support team to receive expedited reimbursement or redeem a replacement product. standard coverage requires you to file a claim with the shipper and delays can be expected. what are the benefits of the shipping protection plan?+ shipping protection provides peace of mind and protection should a package be lost, stolen, or damaged during transit. shipping protection streamlines the reimbursement and replacement process through our customer support team. what issues aren't covered by the shipping protection plan?+ the shipping protection plan does not cover certain situations including manufacturing defects, damage caused after delivery, missing items, or incorrect items. our support team will be happy to help you resolve those issues as well but they would not be covered by shipping protection.when does my shipping protection plan coverage start and end?+ shipping protection coverage starts once your order has shipped! this coverage ends once the shipment is delivered. lost package claims must be filed within 72 hours of the "delivery" date listed on the shipping carrier's website. damage claims and stolen package claims must be started within 72 hours of delivery. any damages incurred after delivery are not covered. standard coverage requires you to file a claim with the shipper and delays can be expected.can i cancel my shipping protection plan?+ yes, you may cancel your coverage and receive a full refund on the shipping protection plan up until the product has shipped. to do so, reach out to our customer support team using the contact us form or respond directly to your order confirmation email. shipping protection plan: what happens if my replacement wheel is damaged in transit?+ in the unlikely scenario that your replacement wheel happens to get damaged in transit, we'll be sure to assist in returning and replacing said wheel. just reach out to us via our contact us form.shipping protection plan: how do i go about getting a stolen package claim processed?+ at our discretion, we may require a police report or in-person notarized statement form when your package is marked as delivered. if requested, you will file the police report/notarized form and include an explanation that sd wheel has a package protection program, and we have protected your package that has been stolen. send us the police report pdf & number in the order issue (if a notarized statement was requested, send over a screenshot and details of the notary form signed by a notary public). upon request, we may require additional documentation such as proof of identity, a notarized statement, address, etc. note: depending upon the jurisdiction, a false police report may be charged as a misdemeanor or a felony. standard coverage requires you to file a claim with the shipper and delays can be expected. order support what is the proper torque for wheel installation?+the torque specifications can be found in the vehicle owner's manual or from the vehicle dealer. we recommend tightening with hand tools to ensure perfect centering. avoid using power tools during installation as they can cause damage to the lugs and studs.what does it mean when an item is on backorder?+ a backorder is simply a lack of supply by the manufacturer. the manufacturer does not have enough items to fill all of their orders but plans on making more or has a scheduled shipment for more of this product. we have developed direct relationships with manufacturers over the years which allows us to secure positions for future stock. these items are backordered nationwide as we deal directly with the manufacturer to reserve backordered items and secure the next available item once more are on hand. the typical backorder is around 4-6 weeks but wait times vary. sometimes backorders take longer depending on various factors such as the manufacturing schedule and demand for the product. if you can't wait, we can help you confirm availability and update your order to an in stock/available product. reach out to us using the contact us page (topic backorders) with your invoice number and link to the item you'd like to switch to so our team can help you out. why did i receive only part of my order?+depending on the items, we will sometimes ship an order in multiple packages. you can find your tracking information on your order page. this is done to get your entire order to you as quickly as possible. for example, the manufacturer might ship a set of wheels directly to you with our warehouse sending out the accessories instead of wasting time shipping the wheels to our warehouse and then back out to you with the accessories in one shipment.my order arrived with shipping damage. what should i do?+upon delivery or pick up at a local terminal, be sure to inspect the complete wheel and tire package before signing any documents! if damaged, be sure to make full notes on documents (bill of lading) before signing and accepting shipment. do not install any damaged items if you would like to exchange them for replacement products. we do everything in our power to securely package everything before shipping but, due to the size and complexity of shipping large packages across the country, damage can sometimes occur and it must be noted with the shipping courier before signing and accepting the shipment. damage caused by the shipping courier qualifies you for a replacement and/or credit only if all damage is noted with the courier before signing the documents (bill of lading). if the damage is not noted upon receipt, this alleviates all liability of the courier and we must open a damage claim and see it through to completion before reimbursement (if any) is allotted for the damages. reach out to us using the contact us page (topic order support) with your invoice number and pictures of the damage so our team can help you out.what should i do if i have vibrations?+ remember, we are truck and car enthusiasts, so we have experienced some of this firsthand. we are also here to do our best to get any issues resolved. but let's be real, if you've put some big mud tires on your truck, you're going to feel some natural vibration that's not a result of any imbalance. it's just the pounding of the tread hitting the ground. if you experience a strong vibration or pull, then reach out to us using the contact us page (topic order support) with your invoice number and explanation of your vibration issue so our team can help you out. balance beads - please note that balance beads are not guaranteed. while we use the most exceptional and up-to-date weight charts to ensure we are installing the correct amount of beads for your specific application, we are unable to account for all possible variables. while it is extremely rare, some wheel and tire assemblies simply do not balance out perfectly with this type of balancing technique and we are unable to confirm this until the assembly is mounted onto the vehicle. if you are having any issues at all, please let us know and we will be here to help!what should i do if i have a warranty concern?+ all wheels and tires come with a full manufacturer's warranty. please ask if you have any questions regarding the warranty on a specific product and we will be happy to assist! please note: at our discretion, we will cover the costs involved with warranty claims up to thirty (30) days from the date of delivery. after the thirty (30) day period, the costs involved with the warranty claim is your responsibility. to start a wheel or tire warranty claim, visit our warranty center. if your order was delivered with damage or any other issues, feel free to contact us using the order support topic.why is there a mark or blemish on the backside of my wheel?+ industry standard across wheel manufacturers considers minor markings, blemishes, or flaws to be acceptable on the backside of a wheel. wheels with backside blemishes are very common in the aftermarket industry. each wheel passes manufacturer quality control standards as there is no impact to the performance of the wheel and any flaws would not be visible to the unaided eye once the product is in use. all wheels go through the same rigorous testing to ensure optimal performance and structural integrity. many of the wheels we carry pass both jwl and via standards with some manufacturers developing their own standards that go above and beyond. these tests can include rotary bending fatigue tests to check hub durability, impact tests to assess overall wheel strength, or cornering fatigue tests to verify structural integrity after a tire is mounted. each wheel is tested, inspected, and approved by the manufacturer before shipping and maintains full warranty coverage provided by the manufacturer. cancellations & returns what is your cancellation policy?+ please reach out to us for any order changes or cancellation requests and we will work with you to adjust your shipment. our processes have been optimized to have your order completed and shipped as quickly as possible which means your order may be further along in the pulling and packing process than you might expect. all cancellations may be subject to a restocking fee, unless the mistake is ours. any cancellation may carry a restocking fee that is dependent on the items ordered as well as the stage the order is in at the time of cancellation. if the cancellation request is received within 24 hours from the time of purchase, these fees may be waived. the restocking fee is typically around 10-25% but, due to vendor contracts as well as shipping and handling expenses, some products can carry a higher restocking fee once processing has begun; please contact us for any questions.custom / made-to-order / forged / special ordered wheels - cancellation/return policy+the majority of forged, custom built, or special ordered wheels simply cannot be canceled once processing or production has begun on them. certain manufacturers sometimes allow a cancellation within 24 hours of purchase but a fee may still apply. this is due to us working quickly with the manufacturer. please remember, sd wheel makes every effort to provide industry-leading processing/shipping times on all orders. if your order has already been entered into our order fulfillment system, we cannot cancel or modify your order. forged, custom built, made-to-order, and special order wheels cannot be returned as they are made specifically for your order.what is your return policy?+ reach out to us with any issues or return questions as we always work with our customers to ensure that they are satisfied with their purchase. however, understand that most of our items require a substantial amount of work to get them to you and we must recover these costs, unless the mistake is ours. all returns will carry a restocking fee that is dependent on the items ordered as well as the manufacturer of the items. the restocking fee is typically around 10-25% but, due to vendor contracts as well as shipping and handling expenses, some products can carry a higher restocking fee; please contact us for any questions. for orders being returned from outside of the us lower 48, the customer may be responsible for return shipping costs for repacking, pickup, and transportation of the return. all returned items must have prior approval before sending them back, please contact us to set up a return authorization. returns must be requested within 30 days of original receipt of merchandise. once approved, all items must be returned within 10 days. when needed, we can provide return packaging that includes instructions on how to securely package all items for shipping. if an item is improperly packaged for shipping and damaged during the return process, the customer may be responsible for the cost of the damaged product. warranty items must be purchased directly from our store. warranties are not transferable and claims will only be submitted for the original purchaser. all products must be returned in new condition, without damage and with all original accessories. returns with unexpected damage, signs of use or missing original accessories (such as center caps) are subject to increased restocking fees or complete refusal of the return at our discretion. if the return is rejected due to previously listed circumstances, we will work with you to return the product(s) back to you at your cost. if approved after inspection, the order will be refunded via the original payment method, less any applicable fees. once the product is received, your order will be inspected, dismounted, and restocked accordingly within 14 business days. if the product has been confirmed to be in original condition, your order will be refunded via the original payment method. individual product orders please inspect all products for damage before attempting to use them. you are responsible for test fitting wheel only orders to the vehicle before having tires mounted. once tires have been mounted, we are unable to take them back even if there is a fitment problem. tires with mileage on them cannot be returned. package orders for package purchases, you are responsible for test fitting before driving on any products. once wheels/tires have been mounted on the vehicle we are not able to accept a return. if you have any concerns about fitment, simply share those concerns before you place your order and our experts will work with you to get a perfect fit! due to the fact we move quickly, it is important to notify us immediately if you have concerns. suspension & accessories all suspension/accessory items being returned that are not warranty related cannot have been installed or attempted to be installed. if we receive a return that shows signs of installation, we will not be able to accept the item and will be returned to the sender with no credit being issued.why do i have to pay for a restocking fee on my return?+restocking fees are necessary with these larger items because it takes a full team to set up the return, clean all returned items, thoroughly inspect each return, and restock the items to our inventory. if a return is going back to the supplier or manufacturer, these restocking fees are enforced by them for their own cleaning, inspection, and restocking. fitment what does mount and balance include? do you install them on my vehicle?+each wheel and tire package is mounted and balanced for a small fee before shipping! we will mount the tires on the wheels and balance them with state of the art equipment. this standard mount and balance is done with stick on weights and includes standard chrome valve stems with other balancing options, like balance beads, available at checkout for an additional cost. mount and balance does not include installation to the vehicle. we always recommend professional installation.do you guarantee fitment?+ we guarantee that the correct bolt pattern will be shipped if you provide the year, make, and model. if further specifications like offset or size are required, we recommend reaching out to one of our wheel specialists to confirm fitment. it is always recommended to perform a full test fit of the new wheel before finalizing installation. check out the instructions on how to perform a proper test fit here.is fitment my responsibility?+we've designed our site to make your purchase as seamless as possible with the best tools possible to give our customers ample choices in their wheel and tire pursuit. if you select your year, make, and model on the website or provide it to one of our representatives pre-shipment, we will verify that the wheels will bolt on the vehicle as well as the compatibility of accessories like lugs or tpms. lugs & tpms compatibility is guaranteed. but, if you choose a wheel or tire that's larger or smaller than stock, it is your responsibility to verify fitment or look into what modifications will be required to run items outside of your stock range. if unsure - just ask! we'll give you our best opinion on whether or not the package will fit. heck… we've served so many people we've got a pretty darn good idea on what does and doesn't fit.what is a test fit?+ firmly hand tighten the lugs to secure the wheel for test fitting. ***do not use power tools*** basic fitment confirm the studs line up with the bolt pattern & that the wheel fits flat on the mounting surface. test fit every lug by hand to make sure the threading lines up with your studs. brake caliper, inner valve stem, & wheel weight clearance visually inspect the wheel to confirm there is no contact with the caliper, inner valve stem, or wheel weights (if balanced). slowly spin the wheel by hand & make sure every section has enough clearance. it is crucial to spot interference before completing installation. lower the vehicle place cardboard under the front tires and lower your vehicle. this will protect the tire in the next step when turning your wheel. if items show signs of being driven on or visible damage, they can't be returned. suspension, fender, & wheel well clearance once your tires are on the cardboard, check for fender, suspension, and overall clearance of each wheel. slowly turn the steering wheel fully to the left and inspect clearance along the way. keep an eye on tire clearance as well as any possible contact with the suspension components. repeat the process turning to the right. note: suspension will compress while driving which may change the overall clearance. finalize your installation before driving by fully torquing the lugs to vehicle specs using hand tools. ***any product damaged, driven on, or used is not returnable (includes mounted tires on wheel only orders)*** check out the full digital handbook linked on the track page and delivery email for more info. ***any loss, labor fees, additional charges or damages caused during installation or installing incorrect items is the responsibility of the consumer. ***what if my purchase doesn't fit?+if your purchase does not fit as you expected, you can certainly return the product. however, you may be responsible for return costs as well as a restocking fee unless this return is due to our company's error. if we made a mistake on your order, then we will work with you to ensure that the issue is resolved. fitment is ultimately the customer's responsibility and all returned products must be in new condition without any signs of being used or driven on in any way. any fitment issues should be detected during the test fit before driving. we always recommend test fitting your new products before putting them to use. carefully mount the wheels/tires onto your vehicle and gently spin them by hand to ensure everything fits properly without issue.i put my year, make, and model into the website, and i purchased what came up, why doesn't it fit?+we use your vehicle information to verify the bolt pattern but we can't guarantee fitment. while our website is a great tool to estimate fitment for your vehicle, each owner modifies their vehicle differently to fit items outside of their stock range. this means that one vehicle might have the proper modifications to run a wheel or tire without any issues while the same vehicle with slightly different modifications might run into some complications. we suggest reaching out to our fitment experts if you are unsure about fitment. wheels & tires can i buy just one wheel and tire?+yes! if you're looking to purchase a single wheel or tire, please reach out to us with the product information and your year, make, and model.what if i can't find the brand i'm looking for?+you must be some sort of wheel or tire connoisseur! we've got a huge range of items with more than 350 wheel and tire brands under our wings. but - chances are if we don't show it on our site, we can get it. just contact us and we'll do our best to get a set of wheels and/or tires on your ride.how do i measure my bolt pattern?+ the first number of a bolt pattern is the total number of lugs and the second number is the distance between the farthest studs. for 5 lug bolt patterns, measure from the center of one stud to the outside edge of the farthest stud. for 4, 6, & 8 lug bolt patterns, measure from the center of one stud to the center of the opposite stud. example: a 6x5.5 bolt pattern has 6 lugs with a measurement of 5.5 inches from center of one stud to the center of the opposite stud. if the second number is larger, like 6x139.7, the measurement is in millimeters instead of inches.metric vs. standard bolt patterns+ the majority of bolt patterns are measured in millimeters but some are also labeled by standard measurement in inches. for example, a 6x139.7 bolt pattern is equivalent to a 6x5.5 bolt pattern. the only difference is that one is measured in 139.7 millimeters and the other is 5.5 inches. here are some other bolt patterns commonly labeled in inches: 5x4.5 equals 5x114.3 5x5 equals 5x127 5x5.5 equals 5x139.7aftermarket wheel essentials guide+if you want additional information on test fitting, lugs, spacers, hub rings, wheel cleaning and more, check out our aftermarket wheels essentials guide.what are dual-drilled wheels?+a dual-drilled wheel is a wheel that is drilled with two sets of bolt patterns. by doing so, this allows the wheel to fit a much wider range of vehicles. an example would be a 6x5.5 and 6x135 wheel, which would have twelve holes. a dual drilled wheel is equally as safe/strong as single drill wheels and passes the same rigorous durability testing by the manufacturer.how do i measure the offset?+ wheel offset measures the distance between the center of the wheel and the mounting surface. this results in a positive, negative, or zero offset. if the offset is lower than the vehicle's stock offset range, the wheel will stick further out compared to stock. if the offset of the wheel is lower than the stock offset range, the wheels will stick out compared to stock fitment. the lower the offset, the further the wheels will stick out. the offset is often printed on the backside of a wheel spoke next to the letters et. what is backspacing?+backspacing measures the distance between the inner edge of the wheel and the mounting face of the wheel. decreased backspacing will result in more inside wheel clearance to reduce risk of the wheel rubbing the brakes or suspension.what is the difference between directional and non-directional wheels?+ this is a question we get a lot. the answer is quite simple. if the wheel is a forged wheel or it is listed as directional, it'll be true directional. this means that two wheels will have a design flowing in one direction and the other pair flows the opposite direction. the result is all four wheel designs flowing the same direction once installed on your vehicle. one-piece cast wheels will typically have identical wheel face designs which means that, once they're installed, the design will flow one direction on the passenger side and the opposite on the driver side. but heck, most people don't notice this stuff and you can save a bunch of money doing a one-piece cast.are you selling second run or blemished wheels?+no. unless specifically listed as a blemished wheel, all wheels are brand new, first run, and manufacturer warrantied.how can you sell wheels cheaper than other places?+ there are two main reasons we can sell for so cheap. first, we keep our costs down. we utilize efficient processes and do everything we can to keep costs down, and as a result, we don't have to earn as much per set to still make money. second, we do a lot of volume. this enables suppliers to rationalize giving us some of the best pricing in the industry, and that low price can then be passed on to our customers.can i trade my old wheels for a credit toward new wheels?+no, unfortunately we aren't able to accept trades.will you stretch tires?+ the short answer: yes! our customers are determined to push their vehicles to the limit while showing off their own unique style. each customized vehicle has its own personality and we want to help our customers achieve any look they're after to complete their dream vehicle. however, there are certain risks that come with stretched tires. stretched tires give a distinct, minimal sidewall look that can help showcase your wheels and dial in perfect fitment. in minor stretch applications, there are minimal to no inherent risks. but, in extreme tire stretch applications, this can result in debeading or tearing of the tires sidewall. the more the tire is stretched, the more likely you may run into one of these issues. stretching a tire onto a wider wheel may void the manufacturer's warranty depending on the brand and size of the tire. if your application is considered stretched, there will be a note listed during the checkout process before going to the cart for purchase.what is the difference between an at, mt, and rt tire?+ when it comes to buying new tires, it's usually between one of three options: all terrain, mud terrain, and the new rugged terrain. all terrain, at, is a great option for vehicles that handle a decent amount of off-roading but still get regular use on the street. mud terrain, mt, tires sport a more aggressive tread to help move mud and gain traction but they come with more weight and increased road noise. rugged terrain, rt, is typically a blend of both at and mt features to offer something slightly more aggressive than an all terrain but not quite as loud as a mud terrain.what is the difference between an all-season and summer tire?+ all-season tires are built with specific compounds, along with their engineered treads, to continue to deliver performance even in the winter. these compounds stay flexible in the cold while still providing solid response on hot summer pavement. despite their name, most summer tires are closer to a three season tire option than strictly summer. they generally have a more shallow tread giving them exceptional performance at the cost of a shorter lifespan. these tires are built with compounds made to provide sticky grip on summer pavement but these compounds tend to lose most or all flexibility in the cold. how can i tell if my tires are directional and properly mounted?+directional tires will include a rotation arrow on the tire's sidewall. the arrow indicates which direction the tire should turn. accessories (lugs, tpms, center caps & more) will my order come with center caps, lugs, and tpms sensors?+ if the wheels are made with center caps, they will be included with your purchase - ask if you aren't sure! chrome lug sets can be added for an additional cost and they include all the lugs needed for your specific vehicle as well as 4 chrome valve stems with chromies. be careful when comparing to places that offer free lugs, as they often don't include the extra stuff in our premium set, like valve stems and chromies. when installing the wheels, lugs should be hand-torqued in a star pattern. do not use power tools as they can cause damage to the lugs or studs. tpms sensors are available for an additional cost. for wheel and tire packages, the price includes free installation of the sensors before shipping. please note that some vehicle models or sensors may require a re-programming process to sync with the new sensors. this can be done fairly easily by an auto dealer or repair shop.i'm just looking for center caps. can you help?+check out our accessories store to find replacement center caps, risers, open caps, and more!if you can't find what you're looking for and you originally purchased your set of wheels through our store, reach out to us using the contact us form. include a detailed description of the center cap and the wheel with your submission. if you have any wheel part number, be sure to include this as well.we'll reach out to the manufacturer for pricing and availability after verifying your original order details.what is tpms?+tpms stands for tire pressure monitoring system. it is a small device that is fitted on the inner surface of your wheel, inside your tire, that monitors tire inflation at all times. it activates a warning light on your dashboard if your tires are over or under inflated.how do i sync my tpms?+tpms should sync up to your vehicle automatically after about 50 miles of driving but, like most technology, you may need to manually sync your sensors. to do this, we recommend heading over to a reputable wheel/tire shop that should be equipped with the proper tool. we do not recommend going to a dealership as oftentimes they do not have the equipment to read aftermarket sensors. if you need a replacement tpms feel free to contact us using the order support topic for further assistance.how do i tell if tpms were installed?+ simply check the valve stems! a black rubber sleeved valve stem with a gold valve under the cap would indicate there are tpms installed. (see picture #1 below) if your wheels/tires came equipped with a chrome sleeve valve stem, this would indicate there is no tpms installed. (see picture #2 below) why did i receive open lugs with my order?+if you ordered closed lugs and received open lugs, we likely updated your order based off the center cap on your wheel. if a lug covering center cap can't be properly installed with closed lugs, our warehouse will ship the package with open lugs.why did i receive chrome lugs with my order?+if you ordered black lugs and received chrome lugs, your order was likely updated to the chrome lugs because your wheel has a center cap that fully covers the lugs. please reach out to us using the contact us page if you plan on running the wheels without caps or would prefer black lugs.what is the difference between lug nuts and lug bolts?+ lug nuts and lug bolts are two completely different things, and the difference between the two is very important when it comes to buying an aftermarket option. lug nuts get threaded onto existing lug nut studs and are typically found on domestic and japanese import cars. lug bolts are very common with european cars and they are a complete bolt that threads into the hub of the vehicle instead of a nut that goes onto a bolt. don't know which to order? our experts will select the correct lug nut or bolt based on the vehicle information provided!are spacers safe?+ yes, spacers are considered safe as long as they are measured accurately, installed correctly, torqued properly, and checked regularly. for more information, check out our spacers & adapters guide. do i need hub rings?+ the hub bore is the opening in the center of the wheel that goes onto the hub of the car. most wheels are mass produced, which is why the hub bore is usually larger to accommodate as many vehicles as possible. when there is a larger gap between the hub bore and the hub, hub rings might be needed to center the wheels while tightening the lugs. if there is a vibration problem, it is recommended that you use hub rings, also known as centering rings or hub centric rings. these rings are typically hard plastic and, once the lugs are tightened, they no longer serve a purpose and will spin freely. it is possible to get vibrations if the wheel is centered properly even when the wheels and tires are completely balanced. warranty for accessories+ for all warranty submissions, please contact us using the warranty topic and the applicable subtopic. standard lugs, spiked lugs & spiked stems warranty spiked accessories come with a limited 30 day warranty that covers manufacturing defects. this warranty does not cover regular wear and tear, breakage due to abuse, improper usage, installation damage (power tools increase risk of damage), finish issues caused by improper maintenance, or other causes attributable to events outside the manufacturing process. note: spiked valve stem caps are made of metal alloy. we recommend applying anti-seize lubricant on threads prior to installation to avoid seizing. seized stem caps and lugs are not covered by warranty. tpms warranty tpms come with a one year warranty that covers manufacturing defects. we work with our customers to either provide a replacement tpms or a discounted replacement depending on the issue and timeframe since original purchase. the customer is responsible for tpms swap and installation fees for warranty replacements outside of the first 30 days. hub rings & center caps warranty hub rings and center caps are not supported by any manufacturer warranty. if they are delivered damaged or defective, please contact us immediately and do not install any of the damaged items. we still work with our customers and the manufacturer to either provide a replacement or a discounted replacement depending on the issue and timeframe since original purchase. discounts & sponsorships do you offer a military discount?+we want to thank our brave us armed forces for their service to our country. with each set of wheels, set of tires, or wheel & tire package, we offer a military discount of $30 or a shine kit. please reply directly to your order confirmation email for details on applying this offer to your order.do you offer sponsorships?+we currently do not offer sponsorships at this time!google adwords remarketing policy+enthusiast enterprises, inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates use the google adwords remarketing service (“google adwords”) to advertise on third-party websites, including google, to previous visitors of our websites. google adwords allows us to tailor our marketing to create personalized offers and only display advertisements that are relevant to you by placing a cookie on your device. such cookies do not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or portable electronic device. the cookie is used to say “this person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page.” any data collected will be used in accordance with our own terms of use and google's privacy policy. you may opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering tailored advertisements and personalized offers, by visiting the consumer opt-out page for self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising, as well as edit or opt-out of google's use of cookies by visiting google's ad settings. we offer financing! buy now & pay later with monthly payments shop here ★★★★★ 4.9 out of 5 stars of 3386 reviews from facebook & google follow us: about us our story wholesale program careers 401 county rd u, wrightstown, wi 54180 *location not open to the public* hours: contact customer service monday - friday 9am to 5pm cst *4th of july 7/4 closed* contact sales monday - friday 8:30am to 5pm cstsaturday 9am to 3pm cst *4th of july 7/4 9am to 3pm cst* shopping wheels tires suspension brands oem replicas gift card today's deals blogs top truck wheels top car wheels top truck tires top car tires reviews customer center login my cart track your order terms and conditions policy / faqs spacers & adapters guide returns and refund policy financing wheel/tire warranty © 2025 sd wheel. all rights reserved. | terms of use | terms and conditions | privacy policy | california consumer privacy act | ccpa opt out outdated browser detected unfortunately we do not support internet explorer. we recommend that you use google chrome, mozilla firefox, or microsoft edge.