来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201205021044/https://www.sdwheel.com/terms-of-use/
================================================================================

sd wheel | terms of use outdated browser detected unfortunately we do not support internet explorer. we recommend that you use google chrome, mozilla firefox, or microsoft edge. how much money can i borrow through affirm? cart 0 wheels & tires suspension store brands wheels tires suspension view all black friday blogs our story wheels & tires suspension store brands wheels tires suspension view all black friday blogs our story cart 0 black friday deals are live shop our exclusive deals here › terms of use terms of use please read these terms of use carefully before using this site to be sure you understand them completely. use of this site constitutes your agreement to be bound by and adhere to all information on this website or offered through communications related to this site are for information use only. you should always consult with a wheel and tire professional before purchasing anything or modifying your vehicle. sd wheel, it’s members and founders can not be held liable for any information shared on this site. these terms of use these terms of use (“tou” or “terms of use”) govern your access to and use of this web site (“web site” or “site”) operated the founders of sdwheel.com, or affiliates (collectively “the site” or “we” or “we”). these terms of use are a legally binding agreement between you and the site, and contain important information about our site and your use of our site. if you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the site. 1. ownership of content company web sites may offer featured articles, pictures, information, digital images, games, surveys, contests and sweepstakes, advertising, logos, trademarks and other content (collectively referred to hereinafter as “content,” but excluding specifically user content as defined below) we hope will be of interest to our visitors. content may be in the form of text, data, music, sound, graphics, images, pictures, photographs, videos, software or other forms now known or later invented. the site makes no representations or warranties that the content is available, appropriate or legal to access. except for user content (as hereinafter defined), all content posted on or otherwise available via this site is owned by the site or used with authorization. please feel free to browse the site, but you must respect the rules and restrictions set forth in these tou and our intellectual property rights as set forth in these tou. please note that downloading software, information, data or images from this site does not give you title or other rights to such content. 2. restrictions on the use of the site as a condition of using this site, you agree that you will not: without the prior written consent of the site, modify, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works of, transfer, or sell any content; submit, display, or transmit any user content (as hereinafter defined) that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party, or user content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; submit, display, or transmit any user content that exceeds the site’s capacity limits or for which you do not own or have the necessary and appropriate rights; submit, display, or transmit any spam, duplicative messages, unauthorized promotions or advertisements, surveys, contests, chain letters, or pyramid schemes; forge headers, create a false identity, or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to deceive others or disguise the origin of any user content transmitted to or via the site; use the site to threaten, defame, abuse, assault, stalk, harass or otherwise violate the rights of any other person or entity, including without limitation rights of privacy or publicity; publish, post, display, offer, or disseminate any profane, obscene, indecent, unlawful, terroristic, violent, or hateful user content; collect, store, publish, post, sell, transmit, or disclose personal data about other users of the site; or  monitor or copy content. site security use restrictions the site takes the security of this web site and its other web sites seriously. therefore, in addition to the restrictions set forth above, you may not: interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this web site or any activity or service on this web site by using any robot, “bot,” spider, crawler, engine, device, software, tool, routine or any other automatic device or manual process of any like or kind without our written permission, or engage in any activity which interferes with the proper working of or access to this site or to any host or network; attempt to access data or information not intended for you or log onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; access or attempt to access any system or servers on which the site is hosted or modify or alter the site in any way; upload or otherwise transmit files that contain viruses, worms, trojan horses, malicious code, spyware, adware, sniffers, corrupted files, or similar software or programs; restrict or prevent any other user from using the site and/or any products, services, or content posted on or offered through the site; post or upload user content (as hereinafter defined) that disrupts the normal flow of dialogue with an excessive amount of user content (flooding attack) to the site, or that otherwise negatively affects other users’ ability to use any part of this web site; or link to, frame, or otherwise reproduce this site or any other part of the site without the prior written consent of sd wheel. the site reserves the right to investigate any violations of its system, network or web site security, to involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in investigating such violations, and to prosecute violators to the fullest extent of the law. 3. copyright copyright to all content on the site is either owned by the site, is licensed to the site, or was cleared of any licensing or copyright; to the best of our knowledge. no content or other material from this site may be copied, reproduced, published, republished, uploaded, posted, displayed, transmitted, modified, used to prepare derivative works, distributed or redistributed in any way in any medium whatsoever now known or later invented, except that you may download one copy of the material on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices. any attempt to modify these materials or to use these materials for any other purpose constitutes a violation of our copyright and other proprietary rights, and may subject you to injunctive relief, statutory damages and other penalties. the use of any such material on any other web site or networked computer environment is prohibited without the express written permission of the site. procedures for making copyright infringement claims. except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any copyright or any other intellectual property right. it is our policy to respond appropriately to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”), including by removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity. if you are an owner of intellectual property who believes that your intellectual property has been improperly posted or distributed via this web site, please notify our designated dmca agent immediately at: sales@sdwheelcorp.com. dmca notices must be in writing and must include the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; the url of the site and a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on that site; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the alleged infringing material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that all the information in your notice is accurate, and that you are either the copyright owner or authorized to act on the behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 4. trademarks and proprietary rights notices all trademarks, logos, trade names or service marks (collectively the “marks”) mentioned, used, or displayed on this site are either owned by the site or otherwise are authorized for our use. you may not display or reproduce the marks other than with the prior written consent of the site. you may not remove, obscure, or otherwise modify any copyright, trademark, confidentiality or other proprietary rights notices displayed on, embedded in, or otherwise appearing in any content offered by, viewed on, or received through this site or any other company web site. 5. user content some of our sites allow users to post, submit, or display information, messages, suggestions, questions, comments, postings, advertisements, ratings, ideas, techniques, notes, know-how, drawings, concepts, designs, audio visual material, photographs and pictures (including pictures of the user and other representations of the user’s name and likeness), digital images, or other content in any form (collectively “user content”). by posting user content on this site, you hereby grant the site an unrestricted, transferable and sub-licensable, irrevocable, royalty-free, world-wide, and perpetual license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display, make derivative works of, and otherwise use the user content in any media whatsoever now known or later invented throughout the world for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or not. you hereby disclaim any right to any compensation from the site in connection with the site’s exercise of its license rights in and to the user content you have posted on this site. you acknowledge and agree that the site is under no obligation of confidence to you, and shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any user content. by posting the user content on any site, you represent and warrant that you own the copyright in such user content or that you have a legitimate license to post the user content, including photographs or other audiovisual material, without any restrictions whatsoever. the site has no obligation to monitor this site or any portion thereof. however, the site reserves the right to review any user content and remove, delete, redact, or otherwise modify such user content, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, without notice or further obligation to you. the site has no obligation to display or post any user content. the site reserves the right to disclose, at any time and from time to time, any information or user content that we deem necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, contractual obligation, legal, dispute process, or governmental request. the site shall have no liability in connection with any user content submitted to, transmitted via, or displayed or posted on this site. 6. eligibility you must meet any age, geographic or other eligibility requirements specified at each site to subscribe to a magazine, publication or service that we offer, to order anything online, to participate in certain contests, games or sweepstakes, or to access or participate in certain services at or areas of our sites. by registering at those sites, or for those features or services, you represent that you comply with  applicable restrictions. e-commerce areas may include additional restrictions on purchases, return policies, delivery schedules, and the like, depending on individual site and vendor policies. 7. online shopping the site may also offer e-commerce opportunities. the site may offer different options for visitors to purchase products or services either from the site or from a third party (see section 9 below concerning third party sites). the site does not guarantee that you will be satisfied with products or services purchased from us. the site does not design, make, or manufacture products sold online, and only sells, distributes or ships products from its own online stores. quantities of some items may be limited, and delivery may not be available in your area. all orders are subject to prior sale. neither the site nor its vendors guarantee that all orders will be filled. 8. payments subscriptions and other services requiring payment generally require use of a valid credit card. the site and its business partners reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to establish other acceptable alternative payment methods for specific services or products. you are solely responsible for charges owed for all goods and services purchased through this site, including, but not limited to, applicable taxes, shipping charges, insurance, and any other costs. 9. links and third party sites this website may contain links to and from third-party sites, including but not limited to sites operated by advertisers, vendors, and/or promotional or business partners. sites and e-commerce opportunities operated by third parties are subject to terms and conditions set by those parties, so you should check each site to be sure you understand the terms, conditions, policies and requirements of that site. the site does not endorse, and the inclusion of any link on this site does not imply an endorsement of, any individual vendor, advertiser, or other third party or any of their products or services, and the site has not taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information provided by any third party. the site has no control over: (a) the quality, safety or legality of any item advertised or listed by any third party, including vendors, advertisers, or other business partners; or (b) the content of, or any products or services offered by, web sites operated by third parties. the site does not guarantee that you will be satisfied with products or services purchased from vendors, advertisers or other third parties that link to or from the site. you acknowledge and agree that the site has not reviewed all of the links to or from this web site, does not endorse such sites, is not responsible for such sites, and under no circumstances shall be liable for the contents, products or services of any off-site pages or of any third party sites linked to or from this web site. your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. vendors and advertisers are solely responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide, for warranties and guarantees on goods or services sold, for delivery schedules, and for return policies. 10. community code of conduct the site offers community features, such as internal messaging systems, bulletin boards, forums, or chat rooms. we do not monitor, filter, censor, edit or regulate information and content provided by third parties on this web site, including information provided in community areas, although we reserve the right to do so in our sole discretion, with or without notice. the site does not endorse or warrant the accuracy or reliability of user content posted or uploaded by users or third parties. you agree that neither the site nor its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors or licensees are responsible for any user content and agree to hold them harmless from any liability associated with such user content posted by other users and other third parties. when participating in community areas of this web site, you represent and warrant that you have the right and authorization to use any user content you upload or post, and you hereby assign those rights to the site in accordance with these tou. in addition to complying with the restrictions set forth in section 2 of these tou, you further represent and warrant that you will abide by the following rules: you will not use this web site to further any illegal purpose, to violate the rights of any party, or to damage any person or property. except as specifically authorized the web sites and in designated classified ads sections of the site, you will not: (i) upload or otherwise post user content with a commercial purpose, including, but not limited to, offers to sell products or services or attempts to solicit funds or to advertise products or services; (ii) post or upload user content that constitutes or contains “affiliate marketing,” “link referral code,” “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” unsolicited commercial advertisement, behavioral or viral marketing, or other spam; (iii) or e-mail such user content to other users who have not indicated in writing that it is ok to contact them about other commercial services, advertisements, products or commercial interests; or (iv) post or upload user content that includes links to commercial services or web sites. you will not post or upload user content that impersonates any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a founder or partner, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity. you will not post or upload user content that includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person’s explicit consent. you will not post or upload user content that is false, deceptive, misleading, deceitful, misinformative, or constitutes “bait and switch.” you will not post or upload user content that advertises any illegal service or the sale of any items the sale of which is prohibited or restricted by any applicable law. you will not use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download data from the web site. you will not repeatedly post the same or similar user content or otherwise impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. you will not use any form of automated device or computer program that enables the submission of postings or user content on the web site without each posting being manually entered by the author thereof, including without limitation, the use of any such automated posting device to submit postings in bulk, or for automatic submission of postings at regular intervals.  you will not use a posting agent to post user content to the web site. you will not pose any user content, or otherwise use the web site in any way, that: (i) damages the reputation or good will of company; (ii) contains any message or connotation that would be harmful to the site or its business; or (iii) is indecent, offensive, tasteless, or otherwise inappropriate as determined by the site in its sole and arbitrary discretion. the site reserves the right to expand on these rules in any specific community area and to condition access to such areas on agreement with such rules, as well as to specified eligibility criteria. without undertaking any obligation to do so, we reserves the right, in our sole discretion, to delete any postings or user content that violate its code of conduct and/or these tou, to deny access to its web site or services to any person violating these rules, and to pursue appropriate legal action against violators. the site will assist law-enforcement officials investigating illegal activity or violations of these terms of use. 11. privacy it is our policy to respect the privacy of visitors at our site. for more information please view our privacy policy. 12. limitation of warranties the site provides this web site and the content, information, products and services on or through it “as is”, and “as available,” without any warranty of any kind, expressed, implied or statutory. the site specifically disclaims any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. some states may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so check local laws. 13. limitation of liability the site does not warrant that the content or services at the site or functions contained in the materials at the site will be available, uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components, that all products listed, sold or advertised are available, or that all transactions will be completed. neither the  site nor any of its officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents, licensors or licensees warrant or make any representations that the content, materials or information contained at this site are correct, accurate, complete, up to date, and/or reliable. in no event shall the site or anyone who helped develop, create, produce, display, transmit or deliver the content, material and information used in this site be liable for lost profits or any special, punitive, treble, enhanced, incidental or consequential damages arising out of, or in connection with, use of our site, links to or from this site, information posted on our site, our services, any products or services you purchase, or this agreement, even if they have been advised of the possibility of such damages. in no event shall our liability to you or any third parties in any circumstances for any and all losses, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site. neither the site nor any of its founders, affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents, licensors or licensees shall be liable for any losses you might sustain by engaging in transactions with buyers or sellers who you meet as a result of classified advertisements posted on the web site. some states do not allow the limitation of liability, so check local laws. 14. classified advertisements the site may provide a forum (such as classified advertisements) in which sellers and buyers may be connected. by engaging in transactions with buyers or sellers that you meet via our web site, you proceed solely at your own risk and you agree that the site is not responsible for any losses that you might sustain as a result of your transactions with such buyers and sellers. you should not engage in any transaction with a person with whom you are not comfortable or whom you suspect might be engaged in improper or questionable conduct. please be aware that the site, through certain of its web sites, merely provides a forum in which buyers and sellers can connect. neither the founders nor the site posting classified advertisements facilitate any transaction, insure any transaction, or act as an intermediary, broker, or escrow agent in connection with such buyer-seller transactions. you should be very careful before you send money to any seller posting an advertisement on our site. in particular, we urge you to use reputable and well known money-transfer services and on-line merchant account services (such as paypal) in engaging in transactions with sellers of goods advertised on one of our web sites. we urge you to proceed with extreme caution in using such money transfer services, and under no circumstances should you deliver cash to a money transfer service with instructions to disburse the funds to an alleged agent of the site on which the classified advertisement was posted. again, neither the site nor its web sites posting classified advertisements act as a transaction intermediary or escrow agent, and you should not do business with any seller who directs you to work with an employee or agent of the site or the applicable web site in completing the transaction. 15. indemnity and hold harmless we are not responsible for the accuracy, quality, safety, legality, intellectual property compliance, privacy policy, or content of any information, product or service offered by users, vendors, advertisers, promotional or business partners or any third-party sites, and you irrevocably waive any claim against the site and its founders, officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents, licensors and licensees with respect to the same. the site does not guarantee such accuracy, and makes no representations regarding the use or results of use of any content on this site in terms of its accuracy, reliability or any other matter. you assume the risk of their use and the entire cost of all necessary loss, servicing, repair or correction as a result of their use. you agree to hold the site and its founders, officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents, licensors and licensees harmless from any and all claims, demands, attorneys’ fees, damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known and unknown, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of, or any way connected with the use of any information at this site, any transaction occurring through this site, the safety or quality of any goods or services purchased or sold through this site, or the truth or accuracy of any claim made about such goods or services. california residents expressly agree to waive california civil code section 1542, which states: “a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.” residents of california are entitled to the following specific consumer rights information: you may contact the consumer information center at (800) 952-5210 or dca@dca.ca.gov of the california department of consumer affairs for consumer inquiries, or you may write to the department of consumer affairs at the following address: department of consumer affairs, consumer information division, 1625 north market boulevard, suite n 112, sacramento, ca 95834. you also agree to indemnify, defend, and hold the site and its founders, officers, directors, employees, representatives, agents, licensors and licensees harmless from any loss, claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of this web site, your breach of these terms of use or the documents that it incorporates by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of any third party in connection with your use of this site. 16. termination of services we may eliminate or terminate any content or service posted on or made available through any of our web sites without notice to you at any time in our sole discretion. without limiting any other remedy, the site reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to immediately issue a warning or to immediately, temporarily, or permanently suspend or terminate your participation in the site or any area of the site, and to refuse to provide our services to you if: (i) you breach these tou or any of the rules or eligibility requirements of this site or the services offered at this site; (ii) if we are unable to verify or authenticate any billing information you provide to us; or (iii) or if we believe that your actions may cause damage, harm or legal liability to you, or to any vendor, business or promotional partner, advertiser, other user, the public, or us. 17. notices except with respect to notices of alleged copyright infringement, which must be submitted as described above, and unless explicitly stated otherwise in the site, you must provide all notices or complaints to the site via e-mail to sales@sdwheelcorp.com. all notices from the site to you will be sent to the e- mail address you provide to us. notice shall be deemed given twenty-four (24) hours after the e-mail is sent, unless we are notified that the e-mail address is invalid. company reserves the right to send you notice by mail via overnight carrier (with tracking), postage prepaid, to the address you provided to us during any ordering or registration process. in such event, notice shall be deemed given three (3) days after the date of mailing. 19. modifications to these terms of use company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these tou at any time, so please check this site periodically for changes. changes to these tou shall be effective upon posting. continued use of the site following the effective date of any changes to these tou constitutes your acceptance of those changes. 20. general provisions severability. if any provision of these tou is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be stricken without affecting the validity of the remaining portions of these tou. headings are for convenience only, and are not intended to in anyway to confine, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section. no waiver. no waiver by the site of any breach of these tou by you shall constitute a waiver of this or any other provision of these tou or alter or limit our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. entire agreement. these terms of use and the materials incorporated by reference herein, form the entire understanding and agreement between you and the site with respect to your use of this site and the services offered hereunder, and may be modified only in accordance with the procedures specified herein. no agency. you acknowledge and agree that the site, in providing this site, is not acting for or on behalf of either you, or any vendor, business or promotional partner, or advertiser. you and our vendors, business or promotional partners and advertisers are independent contractors. no agency, fiduciary, partnership, joint venture, employer/employee, or franchiser/franchisee relationship is intended or created by these tou between the site and either you or any vendor, business or promotional partner or advertiser at this site. governing law/venue. your use of this web site and any dispute arising out of or relating to your use of this web site will be governed by the laws of the state of wisconsin, irrespective of its conflicts of laws provisions. in the event that the site wishes to pursue injunctive or other equitable relief as a result of your violation of these tou and/or your infringement of the site’s intellectual property rights, the site may bring legal action against you in any federal or state court having jurisdiction. 21. user communications, transactions, interactions, disputes and relations sd and sd representatives are not parties to, have no involvement or interest in, make no representations or warranties as to, and have no responsibility or liability with respect to any communications, transactions, interactions, disputes or any relations whatsoever between you and any other user, person or organization (“your interactions with others”). you must conduct any necessary, appropriate, prudent or judicious investigation, inquiry, research or due diligence with respect to your interactions with others. you agree to indemnify and hold sd and sd representatives harmless from and against any third-party claim, cause of action, demand or damages related to or arising out of your interactions with others. this indemnification obligation includes payment of any attorneys’ fees and costs incurred by sd or sd representatives. 22. fees sd may charge a fee to post content or for other features, products, services or licenses. you are responsible to sd for any fees applicable to content that you post or other features, products, services or licenses you purchase or that are purchased through your account. you authorize sd, or its designated payment processor, to charge your specified credit card, debit card or other payment method for such fees. unless otherwise specified, all fees are in united states dollars and all charges will be made in united states dollars. any applicable sales or other taxes are additional to the stated fee. currency exchange settlements and foreign transaction fees are based on your agreement with your credit card or other payment method provider. except as required by law, all fees are nonrefundable, including, without limitation, in situations where paid posts are removed by sd or by community flagging. payments and purchases may not be canceled by the user, except as required by law. however, sd reserves the right to refuse or terminate any purchase or attempted purchase at any time in its sole discretion. you understand and agree that if you authorize a payment transaction with your credit card, debit card or other payment method, but your charge is rejected for any reason, there may be a hold on your use of that transaction amount for several days. 23. disclaimers your access to, use of and reliance on sd wheel and content accessed through sd wheel is entirely at your own risk. sd wheel (including, without limitation, the websites, programs, services, forums and content accessed through the websites, programs, services and forums) is provided on an “as is” or “as available” basis without any warranties of any kind. all express and implied warranties (including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights) are expressly disclaimed. without limiting the foregoing, sd also disclaims all warranties for or with respect to: (a) the security, reliability, timeliness, accuracy and performance of sd wheel and content accessed through sd wheel; (b) computer worms, viruses, spyware, adware and any other malware, malicious code or harmful content or components accessed, received or disseminated through, related to or as a result of sd wheel or content accessed through sd wheel; (c) any transactions or potential transactions, goods or services promised or exchanged, information or advice offered or exchanged, or other content, interactions, representations or communications through, related to or as a result of use of sd wheel or content accessed through sd wheel (including, without limitation, accessed through any links on sd wheel or in content). these disclaimers shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law. some jurisdictions do not allow disclaimer of implied warranties. in such jurisdictions, some of the foregoing disclaimers as to implied warranties may not apply. 24. limitations of liability sd and the sd representatives shall under no circumstances be liable for any access to, use of or reliance on sd wheel or content accessed through sd wheel by you or anyone else, or for any transactions, communications, interactions, disputes or relations between you and any other person or organization arising out of or related to sd wheel or content accessed through sd wheel, including but not limited to liability for injunctive relief as well as for any harm, injury, loss or damages of any kind incurred by you or anyone else (including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, statutory, exemplary or punitive damages, even if sd or any sd representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages). this limitation of liability applies regardless of, but is not restricted to, whether the alleged liability, harm, injury, loss or damages arose from authorized or unauthorized access to or use of sd wheel or content accessed through sd wheel; any inability to access or use sd wheel or content accessed through sd wheel; or any removal, deletion, limitation, modification, interruption, suspension, discontinuance or termination of sd wheel or content accessed through sd wheel. these limitations shall also apply with respect to damages resulting from any transactions or potential transactions, goods or services promised or exchanged, information or advice offered or exchanged, or other content, interactions, representations, communications or relations through, related to or as a result of sd wheel or content accessed through sd wheel (including, without limitation, any links on sd wheel and links in content accessed through sd wheel). you hereby release sd and each of the sd representatives, and their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, predecessors, assigns, heirs, service providers and suppliers, from all claims, demands and damages of every kind and nature, known and unknown, direct and indirect, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to sd wheel or content accessed through sd wheel, or any interactions with others arising out of or related to sd wheel or content accessed through sd wheel, and you expressly waive the provisions of california civil code section 1542 (and any similar laws in other jurisdictions), which provides: “a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.” these limitations shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law. 25. notification of claims of infringement if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or that your intellectual property rights (including trademark rights) have been otherwise violated, please follow the directions for written notice at: http://www.sd wheel.org/about/infringement.claims 26. injunctive relief you acknowledge and agree that any violation or breach of the tou may cause sd immediate and irreparable harm and damages; consequently, notwithstanding any other provision of the tou or other applicable legal requirements, sd has the right to, and may in its discretion, immediately obtain preliminary injunctive relief (including, without limitation, temporary restraining orders) and seek permanent injunctive relief regarding any violation or breach of the tou. in addition to any and all other remedies available to sd in law or in equity, sd may seek specific performance of any term in the tou, including but not limited to by preliminary or permanent injunction. 27. damages in addition to any injunctive relief, you agree to pay to sd the total amount of all actual damages (including but not limited to direct, indirect, consequential and incidental damages) caused by any violation of the tou for which you bear responsibility; except you acknowledge that, for certain tou violations, actual damages would be extremely difficult or impossible to quantify. consequently, for such tou violations, you agree to pay liquidated damages to sd as described in the following schedule. 28. cookies as is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. this page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. we will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality. we use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. it is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use. you can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser help for how to do this). be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies. in order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. in order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences. in some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. the following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site: this site uses google analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. these cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. these cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you. from time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. when we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most. we also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. for these to work the following social media sites including; {facebook, instagram, twitter, youtube}, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies. last revision: november 1st, 2018 home | terms of use follow us: about us our story sd garage careers contact us 1300 s river st, batavia, il 60510 monday - friday 9am to 5pm cstsaturday 10am to 4pm cst shopping wheels tires suspension brands gift card black friday blogs 1 click wheel tire packages customer center login my cart track your order terms and conditions policy / faqs returns and refund policy financing © 2020 sd wheel. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy | california consumer privacy act | ccpa opt out