来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211217231826/https://www.sdwheel.com/faq-policies
================================================================================

sd wheel shop wheels tires suspension replica wheels accessories 1 click wheel & tire packages today's deals store brands wheels tires suspension blogs testimonials wholesale program cart 0 + shop wheels tires suspension replica wheels accessories 1 click wheel & tire packages today's deals store brands wheels tires suspension blogs testimonials wholesale program cart 0 ☰ complete your build today pay later with affirm › frequently asked questions can i trust sd wheel’s site? what about sales tax? what is your return policy? is fitment my responsibility? what if i found a lower price? what if i can’t find the brand i’m looking for? what is the difference between directional and non - directional wheels? do you ship internationally? do you offer financing? what should i do if i have a vibration, warranty concern, or other issue with my order? are you selling second run or blemished wheels? can i trade my old wheels for a credit toward new wheels? what’s your phone number? will my order come with center caps, lugs, and tpms sensors? i’m just looking for center caps. can you help? how can you sell wheels for cheaper than other places? international shipping disclaimer free shipping* google adwords remarketing policy will you stretch tires? can i trust sd wheel’s site? unequivocally. we’re one of the oldest online wheel and tire retailers in the nation and have served nearly a million customers - that’s right, 1,000,000 people! check out our facebook or instagram page, google us, ask a neighbor, and you’ll find a whole lot of good about us - we’re here to serve. what about sales tax? sales tax will apply to all orders being delivered to, or picked up in the following states: il, ne, me, tn, va, nm, ar, id, wv, wy, vt, ut, ri, hi, ms, ia, nv, ca, pa, ct, wi, sd, ky, wa, oh, nd, nc, ma, az, ks, tx, al, co, ga, in, md, mi, mn, nj, ny and sc and ok. we do not charge taxes for customers in other states or out of the country. please note that if you’re an international customer your government may charge duties/taxes/brokerage when the product arrives. sd wheel does not pay for these additional brokerage, taxes, and fees.sales or use tax is due on certain purchases delivered or sourced to washington. washington requires you to file a use tax return when sales tax is not paid at the time of purchase. this message is required under the revised code of washington 82.13.020(2)(a)(i). what is your cancellation/return policy? always contact us with any issues or return questions, we will always work with a customer, however, understand that most of our items require quite a bit of work to get them to you and we must recover these costs, unless the mistake is ours. please use the contact us form to submit any questions! any returns or cancellations after purchase will carry a cancellation fee up to 20% of the total order value contingent of ongoing labor hours and/or any associated shipping fees unless the fault is ours. as many of our items are very expensive to ship and handle, due to vendor contracts some products can carry up to a 30% restocking fee once processing has begun; please contact us for any questions. all refunded items must be approved prior to being returned. please contact us for a return authorization. refunds must be requested within 30 days of original receipt of merchandise. once approved, all items must be returned within 14 days. money will be refunded via the original payment method. once the product is returned, please allow 14 days for receipt of funds. individual product orders please inspect all products for damage before attempting to use them. you are responsible for test fitting wheel only orders to the vehicle before having tires mounted. once tires have been mounted, we are unable to take them back even if there is a fitment problem. tires with mileage on them cannot be returned. package orders for package purchases, you are responsible for test fitting before driving on any products. once wheels/tires have been mounted on the vehicle we are not able to accept a return. if you have any concerns about fitment, simply share those concerns via email, before you place your order, and our experts will work with you to get a perfect fit! due to the fact we move quickly, it is important to notify us immediately if you have concerns. suspension & accessories all suspension/accessory items being returned that are not warranty related cannot have been installed or attempted to be installed. if we receive a return that shows signs of installation, we will not be able to accept the item and will have to return to sender with no credit being issued. is fitment my responsibility? we’ve designed our site as seamless as possible, with the best tools possible to give our customers ample choices in their wheel and tire conquest. if your year, make, and model is provided on the website, or to one of our representatives pre - shipment, we will verify that the wheels will bolt on the vehicle, and that the lug nuts / tpms will be compatible (this stuff we do guarantee). but, if you chose a wheel or tire that’s larger or smaller than stock, it’s on you. if unsure - just ask, and we’ll give you our best opinion on whether or not the package will fit. heck… we’ve served so many people we’ve got a pretty darn good idea on what does and doesn’t fit. what if i found a lower price? wow! you must have found a really good deal. send us a link and we’ll beat it (or at least we’ll try, every once in a while we can’t). what if i can’t find the brand i’m looking for? you must be some sort of wheel or tire ninja - we’ve got more than 350 wheel and tire brands under our wings. but - chances are if we don’t show it on our site, we can get it. just contact us , or call our sales team at (630) 914-3550, and we’ll do our best to get a set of wheels and/or tires on your ride. what is the difference between directional and non - directional wheels? this is a question we get a lot. the answer is quite simple. if the wheel is a forged wheel, and is listed as directional, it’ll be true directional(two right facing, two left facing wheels). this means the wheels will always point the same direction.typically, while one - piece cast wheels may appear direction(spokes point right or left), they’re not genuinely directional as once they’re installed, they’ll be pointing to opposite directions. but heck, most people don’t notice this stuff, and you can save a bunch of money doing one - piece cast. do you ship internationally? yes! beginning from canada to australia and everywhere in between – we frequently ship to countries all over the world. please note that unless otherwise specified, sd wheel shipping covers freight only within the 48 contiguous states. if applicable, additional fees(brokerage, duties, etc.) are collected locally and are not included in the price paid. have questions? please ask in advance. do you offer financing? we do not offer financing directly, but we have partnered with affirm to offer fixed monthly payment options with annual interest rates ranging from 10 - 30 % (subject to credit approval).  the first step is to determine what wheels / tires you’d like to purchase and then one of our wheel specialists can set - up a shopping cart for you to apply directly with affirm. they are able to provide a credit decision within seconds and, if approved, will provide you with all the details you’ll need to decide if the loan is right for you. once you accept the loan we’ll be able to get to work processing your order. alternately, some of our customer also choose to check out with paypal credit (subject to credit approval). what should i do if i have a vibration, warranty concern, or other issue with my order? remember, we’re truck and car enthusiasts, so we’ve experienced some of this firsthand. we’re also here to do our best to get any issues resolved. but let’s be real, if you’ve out some big mud tires on your truck, you’re going to feel some natural vibration that’s not a result of any imbalance. it’s just the pounding of the tread hitting the ground. if you experience a strong vibration or pull, then give us a shout and we’ll work with you to get this issue resolved as quickly as possible.balance beads – please note that balance beads are not guaranteed. while we use the most exceptional and up - to - date weight charts to ensure we are installing the correct amount of beads for your specific application, there are many variables that we are unable to account for. while it is extremely rare, some wheel and tire assemblies simply do not balance out perfectly with this type of balancing technique and we are unable to confirm this until the assembly is mounted onto the vehicle. if you are having any issues at all, please let us know and we will be here to help!damage upon receipt – upon delivery(or pick up at a local terminal), be sure to inspect the complete wheel and tire package before signing any documents! if damaged, be sure to make full notes on documents (bill of lading) before signing and accepting shipment. unfortunately, while it is rare, due to the size and complexity of shipping large packages across the country, damage can occur and it must be noted with the shipping courier before signing and accepting the shipment. damage caused by the shipping courier qualifies you for a replacement and/or credit only if all damage is noted with the courier before signing the documents (bill of lading). if the damage is not noted upon receipt, this alleviates all liability of the courier and we must open a damage claim and see it through to completion before reimbursement (if any) is allotted for the damages.please notify us immediately if there is damage and send us pictures via the contact form so we can document the issue and come to a resolution as soon as possible!all wheel and tires come with a full manufacturers’ warranty, please ask if you have any questions regarding the warranty on a specific product and we will be happy to assist! please note: sd wheel will cover the costs involved with warranty claims up to 30 days from date of delivery. after the 30 day period, the costs involved with the warranty claim are the customers responsibility. please notify us as soon as possible if you have any issues, questions, or concerns! are you selling second run or blemished wheels? no. unless specifically listed as a blemished wheel, all wheels are brand new, first run, and manufactured warrantied. can i trade my old wheels for a credit toward new wheels? no, unfortunately we aren’t able to accept trades. what’s your phone number? our team can be reached at (630) 914-3550. will my order come with center caps, lugs, and tpms sensors? if the wheels are made with center caps, they will be included with your purchase(ask if you aren’t sure).  chrome lug sets are $45 (free shipping if ordered with your wheel purchase) and includes all the lugs needed, 4 locking lugs w / socket, and 4 chrome valve stems w / chromies. be careful when comparing to places that offer free lugs, as they often don’t include the extra stuff in our premium set(locking lugs, valve stems, and chromies).when installing the wheels, lugs should be hand - torqued in a star pattern and not installed using an impact tool. tpms sensors are available for an additional cost. for wheel and tire packages, the price includes free installation of the sensors. please note that some vehicle models or sensors may require a re - programming process to sync with the new sensors. this can be done fairly easily by an auto dealer or repair shop. i’m just looking for center caps. can you help? nope. sorry. actually, if you’ve purchased from us in the past, we’ll give it a shot! how can you sell wheels for cheaper than other places? there are two main reasons we can sell for so cheap. first, we keep our costs down. we utilize efficient processes and do everything we can to keep costs down, and as a result, we don’t have to earn as much per set to still make money. second, we do a lot of volume. this enables suppliers to rationalize giving us some of the best pricing in the industry, and that low price can then be passed on to our customers. international shipping disclaimer you, the buyer, are responsible for any vat, tariff, duty, taxes, handling fees, customs clearance charges, etc. required by your country for importing consumer goods. we do not collect this beforehand, and cannot give you an estimate of the cost - charges vary around the world. as an international consumer, please do your research to ensure there are no surprise charges when clearing your package through customs, and to have an idea of what the additional cost may be. if you are unfamiliar with customs fees and charges, please speak to your local postal or customs office for more information. it is your full responsibility to verify the customs, duties charges, and procedures in your country prior to placing your order. if customs fees and charges are refused at the time of delivery, your order will be returned and you will not receive a refund for shipment costs. shipping terms sd wheel is not responsible for lost, misplaced, or delayed shipments or damaged freight by the freight carriers after they have been dispatched. sd wheel cannot be held responsible / liable for lost or stolen packages that have delivery confirmation to the address that was provided. the customer accepts full responsibility to file any claim(s) with carrier for damaged and/or lost shipments. sd wheel is not responsible for mis-delivery errors via carrier, or incorrect shipping info. free shipping* the free shipping statement appears on many locations of our website. free shipping is available when the items you are purchasing are shipped within the lower 48 us states. shipping to hawaii, alaska, or any country outside of the united states will have additional shipping charges applied. please note that not all of our products are eligible for free shipping. google adwords remarketing policy enthusiast enterprises, inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates use the google adwords remarketing service (“google adwords”) to advertise on third-party websites, including google, to previous visitors of our websites. google adwords allows us to tailor our marketing to create personalized offers and only display advertisements that are relevant to you by placing a cookie on your device. such cookies do not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or portable electronic device. the cookie is used to say “this person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page.” any data collected will be used in accordance with our own terms of use and google’s privacy policy. you may opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering tailored advertisements and personalized offers, by visiting the consumer opt-out page for self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising, as well as edit or opt-out of google's use of cookies by visiting google’s ad settings. will you stretch tires? the short answer: yes! our customers are determined to push their vehicles to the limit while showing off their own unique style. each customized vehicle has its own personality and we want to help our customers achieve any look they’re after to complete their dream vehicle. however, there are certain risks that come with stretched tires. stretched tires give a distinct, minimal sidewall look that can help showcase your wheels and dial in perfect fitment. in minor stretch applications, there are minimal to no inherent risks. but, in extreme tire stretch applications, this can result in debeading or tearing of the tires sidewall. the more the tire is stretched, the more likely you may run into one of these issues. stretching a tire onto a wider wheel may void the manufacturer's warranty depending on the brand and size of the tire. if your application is considered stretched, there will be a note listed during the checkout process before going to the cart for purchase. we offer financing! buy now & pay later with monthly payments shop here ★★★★★ 4.9 out of 5 stars of 2541 reviews from facebook & google follow us: about us our story sd garage wholesale program careers 1300 s river st, batavia, il 60510 hours: contact customer service mon - fri 9am to 5:00pm cst saturday 10am to 4pm cst contact sales monday - friday 9am to 7pm cst saturday 10am to 4pm cst shopping wheels tires suspension brands oem replicas gift card today's deals blogs 1 click wheel tire packages reviews customer center login my cart track your order terms and conditions policy / faqs returns and refund policy financing © 2022 sd wheel. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy | california consumer privacy act | ccpa opt out outdated browser detected unfortunately we do not support internet explorer. we recommend that you use google chrome, mozilla firefox, or microsoft edge.