来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221006211731/https://www.sdwheel.com/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

sd wheel | privacy policy 920-215-0241 need help? my account hello, sign in user login forgot your password? new customer? sign up here 0my cart shop wheels oe replica wheels tires suspension accessories today's deals shop all brands wheels tires suspension blogs wholesale program + sign in or create an account shop wheels oe replica wheels tires suspension accessories today's deals store brands wheels tires suspension blogs wholesale program ☰ 0 privacy policy last updated: march 22, 2022 ee has changed how it uses your personal information. protecting your privacy enthusiast enterprises ("ee" or "we," "us," or "our") is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. this privacy policy (the "policy") applies to those ee u.s. websites that display or link to this policy (referred to in this policy as the "website"). this policy applies to data collected by ee through its u.s. websites and u.s. services that display these terms. it does not apply to those ee sites, services, and products that have their own privacy policies. this policy describes the information we collect and how we use and disclose it. by visiting our website and using our services, you are accepting the practices described in this policy. if you do not agree to the terms of this policy, please do not use the website or the relevant services. consent to collection and processing the website and our services may be operated, in whole or in part, from a country other than the united states. you consent to having your personal information transferred to and processed outside of the united states. what information do we collect and store? our privacy policy is simple: except as disclosed below, we don't sell, trade, give away, or rent your personal information to any company outside of ee. one of the basic principles we've tried to follow is to limit the information we collect from and share about you. personal information we collect and store information that you provide to us, including through the website or our customer service department or that which we receive from third parties (such as companies providing commercially available databases). for example, when you place an order, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and telephone number. we do not store credit card information. credit card information entered on the website when placing an order is sent via direct api integration to our third-party credit card processing service provider, braintree, and is collected, stored, and processed in accordance with braintree’s privacy policy. please see braintree site for more details. information you provide may also be sent to our third-party financing service providers—affirm, katapult, paypal and paypal credit, as applicable—and such information will be collected, stored, and processed in accordance with the applicable third-party financing service provider’s privacy policy (see specific websites for details.) if you sign up for an ee account, which allows you to use the same sign-in details anywhere in the world, we will ask for your email address and password. we will also collect the following additional information, if you choose to provide it when you sign-up for an account: telephone number, gender, personal preferences, social identifier if you choose to log in to your account via social media and age. if you choose to apply certain discount codes when making purchases, we may store the information associated with that code – which may include, for example, a school or veteran status, and connect that information with your profile. we collect your email addresses and zip code if you subscribe to our newsletter, and we collect your mobile number if you opt-in to receive text messages. you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions located within each newsletter or linked to each text message. we also collect and store your geolocation information. registration may be required and personal information collected in certain areas of the website in which you specifically and knowingly provide such information, e.g., community postings (i.e., chat or bulletin boards), suggestions, or customer service requests. when we run a contest or sweepstakes relating to our website, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. the rules for each contest/sweepstakes will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed, if it is different than as described in this policy. personal information will be collected only if you voluntarily submit it to our sponsors or us. usage information through your use of our website, we may also gather certain information about your use of our website ("usage information"). generally, this information is collected through "traffic data". we collect and store certain other information automatically whenever you interact with our website. for example, we collect your ip address, browser information, and reference site domain name every time you visit our website. we also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage. this information is used to analyze and improve our website, to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience, and to personalize the website, our communications with you, and your shopping experience. interest-based advertising we also use third-party companies, including google analytics and google adwords, to measure and target ads on our behalf about products and services tailored to your interests. we allow these third-party companies to use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and similar technologies to collect or receive information about your interaction with us on our website and elsewhere on the internet ("tracking data") and use such tracking data to display ads for ee and other companies when you visit this or other websites. these third-party companies may not recognize browser "do not track" signals. if you would like to opt-out of the collection and use of tracking data for ad targeting, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. for more information about how to opt-out of having your information used by google analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. is information collected from children? we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13. how do we use your personal information? we may use your personal information to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to provide customer service, to provide other services to you, and to personalize the website, our communications with you, and your shopping experience. for example, when you create an ee account, you can use your account details to log in from any location and on any device. the global single sign-on for your account will allow ee systems to identify you wherever you are, so you will not need to register with us again if you sign in from a different country. your information also may be used to contact you about sales, new products, new site features, special offers, and personalized offers based on your location, unless you have opted not to receive promotional communications. the information we collect may be combined with information obtained from companies within the ee and from other companies. we may also combine this information with other information we collect as you interact with our brand across apps, social media, and marketing messages we send you. aggregating data allows ee to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide you with product recommendations and special offers. how do we share your personal information? ee - except as described in this policy, we will not disclose your personal information outside of ee and the ee divisions (including: custom offsets, custom offsets ambassadors, fitment industries, fitment industries street team, maperformance, sd wheel, anthem off-road, arkon off-road, sd wheel wholesale, trailbuilt off-road, mr. wheel deal, anovia wheels, function powersports, and purmotiv) without your consent. for further information about the companies within ee, please visit our about page. when you create an ee account, we will share some of your account details (such as your name, email address, password and date of birth) with other ee entities so you can have a global single sign-on for your account that will allow ee systems to identify you wherever you are in the world. we may also share your personal information with other ee entities if both entities are responsible for your personal information, or if the other entities are acting as our service providers and processing your personal information on our instructions or on our behalf. for additional information regarding how our other ee entities share information, please email us at sales@sdwheelcorp.com ee partners - some ee websites allow you to choose to share your personal information with select ee partners so that they can contact you about their products, services, or offers. other sites do not share your contact information with third parties but give you a choice as to whether you wish to receive communications from ee on behalf of a business partner about its specific offer (without transferring your personal information to the third party). co-branded sites - some ee services are co-branded by ee and another company, with the privacy policy of both ee and the other company displayed at the website. the information you provide, such as on registration forms, is collected by both ee and the other company. third-party service providers - we may hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, such as marketing, analytics, credit card processing, shipping, stocking orders, providing customer service, and fraud protection. these service providers have access only to such personal information needed to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of your information. they are restricted from using, selling, distributing, or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services. for example, we will share some of your account details (such as your name, email address, password and date of birth) with our cloud service providers for the purposes of identification and authentication, so you can quickly and efficiently sign-on to your ee account from anywhere in the world. legal and safety disclosures - we may access or disclose information about you, including the content of your communications, in order to: (a) comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of ee or our customers, including the enforcement of our agreements or policies governing your use of our websites and services; or (c) act on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of ee employees, customers or the public. corporate transactions - we may disclose personal information as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets. how do we use usage information? we use usage information to help us determine how people use parts of the website and who our readers are. this allows us to improve our website and ensure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many people as possible. we also use usage information to provide statistical "ratings" information in aggregated form to our partners and other third parties about how our users collectively use the website. we may combine usage information about you with other information, including personal information, about you in order to personalize the website and our communications with you and to provide you with information likely to be of interest to you. what steps are taken to help secure personal information? a vehicle can’t drive without wheels, tires, and suspension, and you shouldn't order from a company that doesn't follow secure data practices. our goal is to deliver performance to you in every way. that includes security. we use reasonable security procedures to protect your information. however, no data transferred over the internet is guaranteed to be 100% secure. personal information collected at our website is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. to protect the security of your information during transmission, we use secure sockets layer (ssl) software, which encrypts information you input. most browsers will give a visual indication of when your connection is secure. for example, internet explorer will show a padlock icon in the lower right of the browser window. if you place an order through our website, you will be asked to set up an account and provide an email address and password. in order to help protect your personal information, you should be careful about providing your password to others. if you wish to cancel your account, or if you become aware of any loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your password, please contact customer service. please refer to the section of this policy titled "how do i contact you about privacy-related questions" for more information. what happens when i link to or from another website? our website may contain links to other websites. our policy does not apply to the practices of other websites, and ee is not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties. we encourage you to be aware of when you leave our website and to read the privacy policies of each website that you visit. can we use the information i share in public areas, chat rooms, and newsgroups? please remember that any information you share in public areas, such as message boards or feedback sections, becomes public. this policy does not apply to any information you choose to make public. please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any personal information that you expect to keep private. how do i opt-out of receiving promotions? we provide you with several opportunities to opt-out of receiving our promotional communications and newsletters, including; when you set up an account; by clicking on "manage your account" on the website; and by following the "unsubscribe," "preference center," or other opt-out instructions contained in our promotional communications. how do i contact you about privacy-related questions? if you have questions or comments about our privacy practices, please contact us by email at sales@sdwheelcorp.com or by mail at the following address. enthusiast enterprises attn: legal privacy policy 3989 e endeavor drive appleton, wi 54915 if you have a question regarding a product or service, please contact customer service by phone at 630-389-8661. how does this policy apply to international users? the website that links to this statement is intended for users in the united states. if you choose to provide ee with your information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the united states and around the world. the information collected by ee may be subject to international and u.s. state and federal law. if you are accessing our website from outside the u.s., please be advised that you are transferring your personal information to us in the united states where data protection and privacy laws may be different than the laws of your country. by using our website, you consent to the transfer and use of your personal information in accordance with this policy. what is the secure shopping guarantee? we use the industry-standard encryption protocol known as secure socket layer (ssl) to keep your order information secure. we've established a secure shopping guarantee for every transaction that you make with ee. should any unauthorized charges appear on your credit card as a result of shopping with ee, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. if you have more questions regarding our policy, you can call one of our customer service representatives at 630-389-8661. applicable law and jurisdiction wisconsin state law governs the interpretation of this policy and applies to claims for breach of them regardless of conflict of laws principles. both parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in courts sitting in appleton, wisconsin. both parties waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non-conveniens. changes to this online privacy policy we will update this policy as needed to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. when we post changes to this policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top. if there are material changes to this policy or in how ee will use your personal information, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change. we encourage you to periodically review this policy to remain informed of how ee is protecting your information. your california privacy rights if you are a california resident, california law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. to learn more about your california privacy rights, visit ccpa. home | privacy policy we offer financing! buy now & pay later with monthly payments shop here ★★★★★ 4.9 out of 5 stars of 2541 reviews from facebook & google follow us: about us our story wholesale program careers 1300 s river st, batavia, il 60510 hours: contact customer service mon - fri 9am to 5:00pm cst saturday 10am to 4pm cst contact sales monday - friday 9am to 7pm cst saturday 10am to 4pm cst shopping wheels tires suspension brands oem replicas gift card today's deals blogs reviews customer center login my cart track your order terms and conditions policy / faqs returns and refund policy financing wheel/tire warranty © 2022 sd wheel. all rights reserved. | terms of use | privacy policy | california consumer privacy act | ccpa opt out outdated browser detected unfortunately we do not support internet explorer. we recommend that you use google chrome, mozilla firefox, or microsoft edge.