来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231226222824/https://www.sdwheel.com/terms-conditions.php
================================================================================

sd wheel | terms and conditions 630-389-8661 need help? my account hello, sign in 0my cart shop wheels oe replica wheels tires suspension performance lighting exterior accessories interior accessories wheel accessories today's deals gift cards brands wheels tires suspension blogs wholesale program + sign in or create an account shop wheels oe replica wheels tires suspension performance lighting exterior accessories interior accessories wheel accessories today's deals gift cards brands wheels tires suspension blogs wholesale program ☰ 0 terms and conditions for the online sale of goods and services last updated: june 10, 2022 this document contains very important information regarding your rights and obligations, as well as conditions, limitations, and exclusions that might apply to you. please read it carefully. these terms require the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions. by placing an order for products or services from this website, you affirm that you are of legal age to enter into this agreement, and you accept and are bound by these terms and conditions. you affirm that if you place an order on behalf of an organization or company, you have the legal authority to bind any such organization or company to these terms and conditions. you may not order or obtain products or services from this website if you (a) do not agree to these terms, (b) are not the older of (i) at least 18 years of age or (ii) legal age to form a binding contract with enthusiast enterprises, inc., or (c) are prohibited from accessing or using this website or any of this website's contents, goods or services by applicable law. these terms and conditions (these "terms") apply to the purchase and sale of products and services through sdwheel.com (the "site"). these terms are subject to change by enthusiast enterprises, inc.(referred to as "us", "we", or "our" as the context may require) without prior written notice at any time, in our sole discretion. any changes to the terms will be in effect as of the "last updated date" referenced on the site. you should review these terms prior to purchasing any product or services that are available through this site. your continued use of this site after the "last updated date" will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to such changes. these terms are an integral part of the website terms of use that apply generally to the use of our site. you should also carefully review our privacy policy before placing an order for products or services through this site (see section 8). order acceptance and cancellation. you agree that your order is an offer to buy, under these terms, all products and services listed in your order. all orders must be accepted by us or we will not be obligated to sell the products or services to you. we may choose not to accept orders at our sole discretion, even after we send you a confirmation email with your order number and details of the items you have ordered. prices and payment terms. (a) all prices, discounts, and promotions posted on this site are subject to change without notice. the price charged for a product or service will be the price in effect at the time the order is placed and will be set out in your order confirmation email. price increases will only apply to orders placed after such changes. posted prices do not include taxes or charges for shipping and handling. standard shipping is free for all orders to the 48 contiguous states and for a fee, to the non-contiguous states and international orders. all such taxes and charges will be added to your merchandise total, and will be itemized in your shopping cart and in your order confirmation email. we strive to display accurate price information, however we may, on occasion, make inadvertent typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions related to pricing and availability. we reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time and to cancel any orders arising from such occurrences. (b) we may offer from time to time promotions on the site that may affect pricing and that are governed by terms and conditions separate from these terms. if there is a conflict between the terms for a promotion and these terms, the promotion terms will govern. (c) terms of payment are within our sole discretion and, unless otherwise agreed by us in writing, payment must be received by us before our acceptance of an order. we accept payments through braintree, our payment provider for credit card transactions, paypal, or through our financing providers, paypal credit, affirm, and katapult for all purchases. for purchases made through ebay, we accept all approved payment methods through the ebay site. you represent and warrant that (i) the credit card information you supply is true, correct and complete, (ii) you are duly authorized to use such credit card for the purchase, (iii) charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit card company, and (iv) you will pay charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including shipping and handling charges and all applicable taxes, if any, regardless of the amount quoted on the site at the time of your order. shipments; delivery; title and risk of loss. (a) we will arrange for shipment of the products to you. please check the individual product page for specific delivery options. you will pay all shipping and handling charges specified during the ordering process. shipping and handling charges are reimbursement for the costs we incur in the processing, handling, packing, shipping, and delivery of your order. (b) title and risk of loss pass to you upon our transfer of the products to the carrier. shipping and delivery dates are estimates only and cannot be guaranteed. we are not liable for any delays in shipments. returns and refunds. except for any products designated on the site as final sale or non-returnable, we may accept a return of the products for a refund of your purchase price, less the applicable restocking fee(please contact us for details), provided such return is requested within thirty (30) days of original receipt of merchandise and product is in original condition. all items must be approved for refund prior to being returned. please inspect all products for damage before attempting to use them. you are responsible for test fitting wheel only orders to the vehicle before having tires mounted. once tires have been mounted, we are unable to take them back even if there is a fitment problem. for wheel/tire package purchases, you are responsible for test fitting the products before driving on any products. once wheels/tires have been mounted on the vehicle, we cannot accept a return. if you have any concerns about fitment, please share those concerns before you place your order. for suspension/accessory items, if we receive a return that shows signs of installation, we will not be able to accept the item and will have to return to sender with no credit being issued. we cannot accept returns of or issue refunds for wheels or tires once they have been mounted or if the wheel or tire has mileage on it. we cannot accept returns for suspension/accessory items (that are not warranty-related) that have been installed or attempted to be installed and show evidence of the same. we offer no refunds on any products designated on this site as non-returnable or final sale. to initiate the return/refund process, please contact us for a return authorization. once approved, all items must be returned within fourteen (14) days. money will be refunded via the original payment method. once the product is returned, please allow fourteen (14) days for receipt of funds. for defective returns, please refer to the manufacturer's warranty (see section 6) included with the product or as detailed in the product's description on our site. manufacturer's warranty and disclaimers. we do not manufacture or control any of the products or services offered on our site. the availability of products or services through our site does not indicate an affiliation with or endorsement of any product, service or manufacturer. accordingly, we do not provide any warranties with respect to the products or services offered on our site. the majority of the products and services offered on our site are covered by the manufacturer's warranty, however, some items like center caps and hub rings are not supported by a manufacturer warranty. please contact us at sales@sdwheelcorp.com or 630-914-3550 if you have any questions regarding the warranty on a specific product. to obtain warranty service for defective products, please follow the instructions included in the manufacturer's warranty or contact us with any questions. at our discretion, we will cover the costs involved with warranty claims up to thirty (30) days from the date of delivery. after the thirty (30) day period, the costs involved with the warranty claim is your responsibility. as such, please notify us as soon as possible if you have any issues, questions, or concerns! all products and services offered on this site are provided “as is” without any warranty whatsoever, including, without limitation, any (a) warranty of merchant ability; (b) warranty of fitness for a particular purpose; or (c) warranty against infringement of intellectual property rights of a third party; whether express or implied by law, course of dealing, course of performance, usage of trade, or otherwise. some jurisdictions limit or do not allow the disclaimer of implied or other warranties so the above disclaimer may not apply to you. you affirm that we shall not be liable, under any circumstances, for any breach of warranty claims or for any damages arising out of the manufacturer's failure to honor its warranty obligations to you. limitation of liability. in no event shall we be liable to you or any third party for consequential, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or enhanced damages, lost profits or revenues or diminution in value, arising out of, or relating to, and/or in connection with any breach of these terms, regardless of (a) whether such damages were foreseeable, (b) whether or not we were advised of the possibility of such damages and (c) the legal or equitable theory (contract, tort or otherwise) upon which the claim is based. our sole and entire maximum liability and your sole and exclusive remedy shall be limited to the actual amount paid by you for the products and services you have ordered through our site. the limitation of liability set forth above shall: (i) only apply to the extent permitted by law; and(ii) not apply to (a) liability resulting from our gross negligence or willful misconduct and (b) death or bodily injury resulting from our acts or omissions. privacy. we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. our privacy policy, sdwheel.com/privacy-policy, governs the processing of all personal data collected from you in connection with your purchase of products or services through the site. force majeure. we will not be liable or responsible to you, nor be deemed to have defaulted or breached these terms, for any failure or delay in our performance under these terms when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts or circumstances beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of god, flood, fire, earthquake, explosion, governmental actions, war, invasion or hostilities (whether war is declared or not), terrorist threats or acts, riot or other civil unrest, national emergency, revolution, insurrection, epidemic, lockouts, strikes or other labor disputes (whether or not relating to our workforce), or restraints or delays affecting carriers or inability or delay in obtaining supplies of adequate or suitable materials, materials or telecommunication breakdown or power outage. governing law and jurisdiction. this site is operated from the us. all matters arising out of or relating to these terms are governed by and construed inaccordance with the internal laws of the state of wisconsin without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the state of wisconsin or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the state of wisconsin. dispute resolution and binding arbitration. (a) you and enthusiast enterprises, inc. are agreeing to give up any rights to litigate claims in a court or before a jury, or to participate in a class action or representative action with respect to a claim. other rights that you would have if you went to court may also be unavailable or may be limited in arbitration. any claim, dispute or controversy (whether in contract, tort or otherwise, whether pre-existing, present or future, and including statutory, consumer protection, common law, intentional tort, injunctive and equitable claims) between you and us arising from or relating in any way to your purchase of products or services through the site, will be resolved exclusively and finally by binding arbitration. (b) the arbitration will be administered by the american arbitration association ("aaa") in accordance with the consumer arbitration rules (the "aaa rules") then in effect, except as modified by this section (the aaa rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling the aaa at 1-800-778-7879). the federal arbitration act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this section. the arbitrator will have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to arbitrability and/or enforceability of this arbitration provision, including any unconscionability challenge or any other challenge that the arbitration provision or the agreement is void, voidable, or otherwise invalid. the arbitrator will be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in court under law or in equity. any award of the arbitrator(s) will be final and binding on each of the parties, and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. if you prevail on any claim that affords the prevailing party attorneys' fees, the arbitrator may award reasonable fees to you under the standards for fee shifting provided by law. (c) you may elect to pursue your claim in small-claims court rather than arbitration if you provide us with written notice of your intention do so within 60 days of your purchase. the arbitration or small-claims court proceeding will belimited solely to your individual dispute or controversy. (d) you agree to an arbitration on an individual basis. in any dispute, neither you nor enthusiast enterprises, inc. will be entitled to join or consolidate claims by or against other customers in court or in arbitration or otherwise participate in any claim as a class representative, class member or in a private attorney general capacity. the arbitral tribunal may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. the arbitral tribunal has no power to consider the enforceability of this class arbitration waiver and any challenge to the class arbitration waiver may only be raised in a court of competent jurisdiction. if any provision of this arbitration agreement is found unenforceable, the unenforceable provision will be severed and the remaining arbitration terms will be enforced. assignment. you will not assign any of your rights or delegate any of your obligations under these terms without our prior written consent. any purported assignment or delegation in violation of this section is null and void. no assignment or delegation relieves you of any of your obligations under these terms. no waivers. the failure by us to enforce any right or provision of these terms will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that right or provision. the waiver of any right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of enthusiast enterprises, inc. no third-party beneficiaries. these terms do not and are not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than you. notices (a) to you. we may provide any notice to you under these terms by: (i) sending a message to the email address you provide or (ii) by posting to the site. notices sent by email will be effective when we send the email and notices we provide by posting will be effective upon posting. it is your responsibility to keep your email address current. (b) to us. to give us notice under these terms, you must contact us as follows: (i) by personal delivery, overnight courier, or registered or certified mail to enthusiast enterprises, inc. 401 county road u, wrightstown, wi 54180. we may update the address for notices to us by posting a notice on the site. notices provided by personal delivery will be effective immediately. notices provided by overnight courier will be effective one business day after they are sent. notices provided by registered or certified mail will be effective three business days after they are sent. severability. if any provision of these terms is invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severed from these terms and will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of these terms. entire agreement. these terms, our website terms of use and our privacy policy will be deemed the final and integrated agreement between you and us on the matters contained in these terms. we offer financing! buy now & pay later with monthly payments shop here ★★★★★ 4.9 out of 5 stars of 3299 reviews from facebook & google follow us: about us our story wholesale program careers 401 county rd u, wrightstown, wi 54180 *location not open to the public* hours: contact customer service monday - friday 9am to 5pm cst contact sales monday - friday 8:30am to 5pm cstsaturday 9am to 3pm cst shopping wheels tires suspension brands oem replicas gift card today's deals blogs reviews customer center login my cart track your order terms and conditions policy / faqs spacers & adapters guide returns and refund policy financing wheel/tire warranty © 2024 sd wheel. all rights reserved. | terms of use | terms and conditions | privacy policy | california consumer privacy act | ccpa opt out outdated browser detected unfortunately we do not support internet explorer. we recommend that you use google chrome, mozilla firefox, or microsoft edge.