来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228082810/http://baublebar.com/index.php/info?page=returns
================================================================================

baublebar - info javascript seem to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. baublebar want $5 off? create an account! login my account cart get our emails one year sale! orders over $30 and all returns ship free sign in: email password submit sign in email password forgot your password? submit not a baublebar member yet? sign up fashion white heat soft serve pale riders neon signs electric thrills primary school just hue it wrist action jan: playing with color / white white heat get ready to dazzle 'em in these shocking white stunners. jan: playing with color / sherbet shades soft serve delight in these delicious gems, cast in subtle lime, peach and lemon sorbet colors. jan: playing with color / pastels pale riders be charmed by these pretty pastel designs, both boldly edgy and sweetly chic. jan: playing with color / classic neon neon signs get fabulously fluorescent with these intensely bright and electric beauties. jan: playing with color / embellished neon electric thrills vive la différence! vivid neon hues meet oh-so-glitzy crystal embellishments. jan: playing with color / primary colors primary school get back to the basics with beautiful baubles in bold reds, blues and yellows. jan: playing with color / rainbow hues just hue it what's at the end of the rainbow? these gorgeous kaleidoscopic treasures. dec: holiday parties / wristwear wrist action when do wants turn into needs? when you've got a must-have set of cuffs like these. function: shop all view all personalized pendants new arrivals back in stock necklaces earrings bracelets rings view all personalized pendants new arrivals back in stock necklaces earrings bracelets rings fame shop our latest press shop our latest press fusion erickson beamon + baublebar erickson beamon + baublebar the countdown is over. the fusion collaborations are here. what better way to kick the series off than with the wickedly glamorous (and hotter than hot) erickson beamon? for the past three decades, karen erickson and vicki beamon have been the gotta-have-it, go-to jewelers for designers and stylists alike. the longtime friends have collaborated with practically everyone, including anna sui, donna karan and givenchy. “erickson beamon,” said dries van noten, “is really an overdose of beauty and creativity.” if you think that’s impressive, then check out this exclusive lineup. you won’t find these brilliantly madcap treasures anywhere else—or at such a steal. home about us our story the vault return policy shipping & tax contact us dear baublebar shoppers, our story began seven years ago in new york city, where we became fast friends after bonding over our love for afternoon shopping breaks at saks fifth avenue, located a dangerous two blocks away from our demanding jobs in finance. in the midst of a shopping spree, we had an epiphany: despite owning piles of shoes, closets full of handbags and fistfuls of pashminas, fashion jewelry was the one accessory that had yet to capture meaningful space in our closets. we began to wonder why… selection: boutiques had too narrow a selection while department stores had too much to sift through - the shopping experience was so overwhelming, and not at all fun. we also wanted access to a constantly refreshed selection, not new product just once per season. value: as hard as we tried, we couldn’t find a place to buy high quality pieces without a high price tag. we also couldn’t shake this nagging feeling that we weren’t getting great value for our dollar. our intellectual curiosity got the best of us and we decided to do some digging, where we learned that retailers were marking up pieces as high as 20 times above cost! it was then that we decided to create baublebar - a new concept in fashion jewelry retail that lets women create their ultimate jewelry box guilt-free. we work hand-in-hand with leading jewelry designers who supply high-end retail stores, and curate a collection of pieces across different styles. our web-based approach allows us to offer you unparalleled value, while our comprehensive product selection, editorial style tips and exceptional customer service establish us as your trusted go-to for all your jewelry needs. this is only the beginning so be sure to stay tuned through our email list, facebook page, twitter account and blog. off to find your next favorite purchase, amy jain & daniella yacobovsky co-founders loyalty program what is the vault? the vault, our secret stash for loyal fans, is our way of thanking you for being so supportive. earn credits and redeem them for free baubles – past favorites that are now exclusive to the vault. how do you earn credits? 1 credit – every time you make a purchase1 credit – each time someone you've invited makes a purchase where do you use the credits? once you’re ready to redeem credits for some sparkle, just go to the vault, select your items and checkout. the fine print... vault credits expire one year following the date of grant, and cannot be transferred to another person or account. credits are not retroactive, and will only be granted on purchases made following the date of the launch of the vault program, may 11, 2011. all vault items are final sale, and ineligible for return or exchange. behavior deemed not in-line with the spirit of the loyalty program and dishonest in nature will result in credits and/or vault items being revoked. return policy at baublebar we fully encourage experimenting with trends and style.  more importantly, we recognize that with experimentation comes the occasional regret, and the consequent need for a take-back.  maybe those earrings don’t match that dress as you had hoped, or you just can’t pull off that statement necklace like you had wanted to.  it’s ok, we’ve got you covered! we happily accept any unused and unworn merchandise with tags attached within 30 days of the ship date for a full refund. all you have to do is use the pre-paid return label and mail.  please note that personalized pendants and all vault items are final sale only, and not available for return. pick up a gratis item with a purchase that didn't work out?  be sure to send it back with the item you're returning, or your return will be adjusted for the retail price of the gift. label: your package includes a pre-paid united states postal service return label so you can easily send us your purchase. if you don't have the pre-paid return label, please contact us at baublebar@baublebar.com and we will email you one. mail: locate a united states postal service location nearest you and drop-off. we will take it from there! you will receive an email notification from baublebar when we receive your returned merchandise.  please allow 7 - 10 days transit time. you may use a shipping carrier other than the united states postal service; however, you will be responsible for paying that carrier's shipping fee. in that case, simply address your package to the baublebar return address shown at the front of your packing slip. then take the package to the carrier of your choice. for your protection, we recommend that you insure your package against loss and request a delivery confirmation. save your shipping receipt and tracking number until you receive an email notification from baublebar. prices are subject to change.  baublebar gladly honors a one-time price adjustment on full-priced merchandise within seven days of the retail purchase.  to obtain a price adjustment, please send us an email to helpme@baublebar.com withing the seven day window.  include your order number in your email message.  if you are within the deadline, we will refund the difference to your original form of payment.  items purchased with a promotional discount are not eligible for price adjustments.  promotional discounts include all discounts with the exception of the $10 off welcome code.  items purchased with gift cards are eligible for price adjustments. shipping & tax sales taxsales tax will only be charged for orders shipped to new york state. you will be able to view the sales tax included before you confirm your order. shipping regionsat the moment, we only ship to the united states, including apo and u.s. post office boxes. shipping timeall orders placed before december 20, 2011 at midnight est will be shipped via 2-day or 3-day priority shipping to be delivered by christmas (orders containing buried baubles or vault items only are excluded from this policy).  orders are shipped every weekday. our goal is to process and ship your order within 2-3 business days of purchase. order time for custom/handmade pieces may take longer, details of which can be found in the product description. a tracking number will be emailed to you when your order ships. this tracking number will allow you to check the delivery status of your order. pre orderssome of our items are available for pre-order, as they are handmade to order. the approximate time to ship will be included in the description on the product detail page. orders that include pre-order items will appear as "on hold" in the my orders section of my account until the day the item ships. you will receive a shipping confirmation email with the tracking information when the pre-ordered item ships. if you ordered several items, including a mix of available and pre-order itmes, the available items will ship immediately and you will receive shipping confirmations for each of the separate shipments. for pre-ordered items, your credit card will be charged at purchase. shipping preferencesyou can store and edit your shipping preferences in my account. please be sure to re-confirm your address before submitting your order. shipping ratesall orders ship free of charge. shipping carriermost orders ship ups ground.  orders containing vault items or buried baubles only will be shipped via united stated postal service first class.  orders being shipped to p.o. boxes, apos and fpos all will be shipped united states postal service priority. contact us customer service have a question about an order, a product or anything else related to your experience shopping with baublebar?  we're here to help!  email us directly at helpme@baublebar.com or tweet @helpmebaublebar.  please allow 24-hours for a response from our team - we reply to emails monday through friday from 9:00am - 6:00pm est. careers want to join our team?  we are always looking for high energy self-starters with a passion for what we're doing at baublebar!  please send a resume and why you want to help us revolutionize the fashion jewelry industry to hireme@baublebar.com. feedback we love to hear what our customers have to say!  whether you have a suggestion for merchandise you would like to see on the site or you just want to drop us a note to say hello, we are always available.  please email us at info@baublebar.com. fashion jewelry designers we are always looking for new designer partners!  if you're interested in working with us, please contact us at designer@baublebar.com. press please send all inquiries to press@baublebar.com bloggers love our product and want to get involved?  we love that!!  send us an email and tell us about yourself to blogger@baublebar.com. about us the vault gift cards returns shipping terms contact us © 2011 baublebar inc. all rights reserved. x close email submit we're sorry, there's been a problem with the newsletter signup. please try again later join our mailing list! don't forget to create an account and get $10 off your first order! thank you for joining our mailing list!