来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121228143444/http://www.baublebar.com/index.php/info?page=returns
================================================================================

baublebar - info javascript seem to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. my account visit the bar get our emails contact us account settings my orders vault point summary invite friends, earn $$ the vault we’re 2 years old and celebrating in style – see how! free shipping on all orders and standard returns! just in just in new arrivals latest trend back in stock designer best sellers all jewelry all jewelry view all personalized pieces necklaces earrings bracelets rings trends trends chain reaction wrap stars industrial revolution modern vintage sizzle in sparkle to dye for glam slam gem nation designers designers alex woo julie vos sandy hyun noir roman luxe gorjana k kane sequence maya brenner paige novick designer favorites anniversary collection anniversary collection the post about baublebar our story the vault returns shipping & tax contact us dear baublebar shoppers, our story began seven years ago in new york city, where we became fast friends after bonding over our love for afternoon shopping breaks at saks fifth avenue, located a dangerous two blocks away from our demanding jobs in finance. in the midst of a shopping spree, we had an epiphany: despite owning piles of shoes, closets full of handbags and fistfuls of pashminas, fashion jewelry was the one accessory that had yet to capture meaningful space in our closets. we began to wonder why… selection boutiques had too narrow a selection while department stores had too much to sift through - the shopping experience was so overwhelming, and not at all fun. we also wanted access to a constantly refreshed selection, not new product just once per season. value as hard as we tried, we couldn’t find a place to buy high quality pieces without a high price tag. we also couldn’t shake this nagging feeling that we weren’t getting great value for our dollar. our intellectual curiosity got the best of us and we decided to do some digging, where we learned that retailers were marking up pieces as high as 20 times above cost! it was then that we decided to create baublebar—a new concept in fashion jewelry retail that lets women create their ultimate jewelry box guilt-free. we work hand-in-hand with leading jewelry designers who supply high-end retail stores, and curate a collection of pieces across different styles. our web-based approach allows us to offer you unparalleled value, while our comprehensive product selection, editorial style tips and exceptional customer service establish us as your trusted go-to for all your jewelry needs. this is only the beginning so be sure to stay tuned through our email list, facebook page, twitter account and blog. off to find your next favorite purchase, amy jain & daniella yacobovsky co-founders we’re seriously into styling we debut new shoppable trends every monday at 11am est, featuring the latest have-to-have styles. handpicked by our fashion team, each trend collection comes complete with styling tips to help you get the look. we keep it fresh we introduce new products to the site five days a week, so you'll always find something new to discover. facebook fans get in on the action with our newbie knockout every tuesday, where they pick their favorite new arrival to unlock a special treat. we make it fun every friday and every monday is a treasure hunt to find a secret bauble our team has secretly marked down to $10 and $20, respectively. check your email for clues to help you spot the buried bauble. we love great design every thursday we highlight our favorite designers by showcasing their signature pieces and the inspiration behind them. even better, each designer purchase comes complete with a free gift selected by the designer! we collaborate occasionally, we partner with major brands for limited-time and limited-piece collections, created exclusively with you, our customer, in mind. we’re social we love to keep in touch on facebook and twitter — and our blog is the place to hear about special promos, unlock treats, and stay ahead of all things baublebar. we especially love when you #showusyoursparkle loyalty program what is the vault? the vault, our secret stash for loyal fans, is our way of thanking you for being so supportive. earn credits and redeem them for free baubles – past favorites that are now exclusive to the vault. how do you earn credits? 1 credit – every time you make a purchase1 credit – each time someone you've invited makes a purchase where do you use the credits? once you’re ready to redeem credits for some sparkle, just go to the vault, select your items and checkout. the fine print... vault credits expire one year following the date of grant, and cannot be transferred to another person or account. credits are not retroactive, and will only be granted on purchases made following the date of the launch of the vault program, may 11, 2011. all vault items are final sale, and ineligible for return or exchange. behavior deemed not in-line with the spirit of the loyalty program and dishonest in nature will result in credits and/or vault items being revoked. return policy we happily accept most unworn merchandise with tags attached within 30 days of the ship date for a full refund or credit. please include the original invoice, as well as any gift with purchase. if you have questions, please email helpme@baublebar.com. also please note: buried bauble returns you may return buried baubles utilizing any shipping method of your choice. if you use a baublebar return shipping label on buried bauble returns, $5 will be deducted from your refund. refunds you will receive an email notification from baublebar when we receive and process your return. please allow 20 business days for your return to be processed. shipping your package includes a pre-paid usps return label so you can easily send us your purchase. we are not responsible for lost return packages, and recommend you insure and track your package. you are also welcome to use the shipping method of your choice. please address all returns to: baublebar returns 230 fifth ave. #612 new york, ny 10001 gift with purchase pick up a gratis item with a purchase that didn't work out? be sure to send it back with the item you're returning, or your refund will be adjusted for the retail price of the gift. vault points vault points are not refundable. if you return an order, the vault points you earned on that order will be deducted from your account when your return is processed. if you already spent the points earned on the returned order, the dollar value that corresponds to the used points will be deducted from your total return. exceptions personalized pieces, including monograms and nameplates, are handmade to order and final sale only. exchanges at this time, we can only process exchanges for the same item. prices are subject to change baublebar gladly honors a one-time sale price adjustment on full-priced merchandise within seven days of the retail purchase.  sale price adjustment does not include limited-time promotions, including discount code and gift with purchase offers. to obtain a price adjustment, please send us an email to helpme@baublebar.com withing the seven day window. include your order number in your email message. if you are within the deadline, we will refund the difference to your original form of payment. items purchased with a promotional discount are not eligible for price adjustments. promotional discounts include all discounts with the exception of the $10 off welcome code. items purchased with gift cards are eligible for price adjustments. shipping and processing time orders are usually processed and shipped within 1-3 business days (m-f) of purchase. buried baubles may take up to a week to ship. order time for custom/handmade pieces may take longer, details of which can be found in the product description. when your order ships, we will email you a shipping confirmation with tracking information. exceptions we only offer expedited shipping within the continental united states. we cannot expedite orders to alaska, hawaii, po boxes or apo/fpo addresses. rural domestic addresses require one or more additional days to deliver. we cannot be responsible for weather delays. please note: expedited shipping does not change processing time for personalized pieces and other preorder items. shipping restrictions the essie bangle set cannot be shipped to alaska, hawaii, u.s. territories or apo/fpo/dpo addresses due to department of transportation restrictions. shipping regions at the moment, we only ship to the united states, including apo and u.s. post office boxes. shipping carrier most orders ship either ups ground or united states postal service priority. orders containing vault items or buried baubles only will be shipped via united states postal service first class. orders being shipped to p.o. boxes, apos and fpos all will be shipped united states postal service priority. shipping rates standard shipping is free on all baublebar orders. sales tax sales tax will only be charged for orders shipped to new york state. pre orders and personalized pieces some of our items are available for pre-order, as they are handmade to order. the estimated ship date will be stated in red on the product detail page and/or in the product name. orders that include pre-order items will appear as "in production" in the my orders section of my account until the day the item ships. you will receive a shipping confirmation email with the tracking information when the pre-ordered item ships. if your order contains multiple items, including both available and pre-order items, available items will ship immediately and you will receive additional shipping confirmations for each subsequent shipment. for pre-ordered items, your credit card will be charged at purchase so that your item can enter production. need help? have a question about an order? need help deciding between those bold chandelier danglers or dainty drop earrings? want advice on how to accessorize that new dress? have feedback on a recent purchase? the baublebar swat* team (*service with accessorizing talent) wants to hear from you! email: looking for an answer lickety split? send a note to helpme@baublebar.com and we can get you out of that bauble bind in no time! phone: prefer to chat with us live? send us an email with your: (i) name, (ii) order number, (iii) phone number, and (iv) a good time to reach you. we are here to help monday through friday from 9:00am - 6:00pm est. we do our very best to respond to inquiries within 24 hours. about us the vault gift cards returns shipping terms contact us careers twitter facebook pinterest instagram press blog © 2012 baublebar inc. all rights reserved. x account login email: password: remember me forgot your password? enter don't have an account? create one today and get $10 off your first order! sign up x sign up and get $10 off your first order! email: password: confirm password: invitation code (optional): create an account by creating an account you agree to the terms of service already a member? sign in x we tucked 100 vault points into your account — use them at checkout to take $10 off your order x x close email submit we're sorry, there's been a problem with the newsletter signup. please try again later join our mailing list! don't forget to create an account and get $10 off your first order! thank you for joining our mailing list!