来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181230053341/https://www.baublebar.com/help/faq
================================================================================

faq | baublebar end of season sale hundreds of buy now, wear now baubles! prices as marked. free u.s. shipping over $35 + free returns baublebar baublebar logo menu login account vault points get 15% off shopping bag your bag is empty! keep calm and shop on. estimated total $0 view shopping bag (0 items) start shopping new just added best sellers accessories it list neon hearts fruit salad tinted lucite everyday style spring brights earrings statement earrings resin earrings hoop earrings mix & match delicates shop all earrings necklaces shop all necklaces bracelets shop all bracelets rings shop all rings personalized custom phone cases shop all personalized fine shop all fine jewelry sale new to sale under $20 shop all sale home loginlogouthelp closeclose the menu click to search click to close search accessibility shipping & delivery return policy faq? international orders frequently asked questions most popular questions when will my order ship? we ship orders from our new jersey warehouse monday through friday. orders placed with free standard shipping are usually shipped from our warehouse within 2-3 business days (m-f) of purchase, unless otherwise noted. pre-order items and custom pieces will ship after their allotted processing time. when your order ships, we will email you a shipping confirmation with tracking information. please check your spam folder if you did not receive this email, or track your order by clicking "account" and then "my orders." how will my baubles arrive? your baubles will arrive individually wrapped and sealed. gift boxes and pouches can be purchased in the shopping bag page before checkout, and will arrive individually so you can wrap your baubles in style. made-to-order custom items arrive with a complimentary travel pouch. what are vault points? vault points are our way of saying thank you! you earn one vault point for every dollar you spend, and you can use those points on future orders. 10 points = $1 to spend on your next purchase. points can be applied in the shopping bag page, before checkout. under the “use vault points” box, you can apply your max points or manually enter a smaller amount. please note that vault points expire 6 months after they’re earned, and can’t be applied on discounted items. additionally, points are one-time use and non-refundable. if you return an order, the points earned on that order will be deducted from your account and any points spent will not be reissued to your account. how can i use my vault points? to apply vault points to your order, first make sure you are signed into your account. while viewing your shopping cart, there will be a gray box on the right-hand side that says "using vault points?" after you click into the box, you can choose to apply the maximum amount of points available (on the left), or just apply some of the points to your order (on the right). please note, vault points are one time use. additionally, if you return an order, the vault points earned on that order will be deducted from your account. i love your guest bartender program and the partnership you did with frends! how can i work with baublebar? we love working with a huge range of unique personalities and brands and do so through a wide variety of programs, including guest bartender. if you are interested in working with us as a brand or personality partner, please reach out to partnerships@baublebar.com. (note: if you are an active blogger, please reach out to blogger@baublebar.com with all inquiries). what information do i need to know before ordering a custom personalized piece? all custom personalized pieces are made-to-order and final sale. the order cannot be cancelled or altered after submitted, and it cannot be returned. you will be charged at the time the order is placed. production times vary from 1-4 weeks; you can find an item's production time on its product page. products are created at our discretion, and we will not produce any jewelry containing profane language. if you have questions about your custom piece, please email helpme@baublebar.com. what is your jewelry made of? our baubles are hand-crafted using a variety of high quality materials, including semi-precious stone, glass, resin, 18k gold, sterling silver and brass. exact materials associated with each style are listed on their product detail page. how should i care for my baubles? to keep your baubles at their best, please give them occasional breaks and store neatly when not in use. avoid contact with moisture and liquid cosmetics; this includes lotion, sunscreen, and perfume. baubles that are not solid gold should never be worn in the shower, the pool or the ocean. also pack baubles carefully for travel, we recommend always storing them in your carry-on luggage. who do i contact for press inquiries? for all press inquiries email press@baublebar.com. product commitment everyday fine our 18k guarantee: the everyday fine collection is hand-crafted using superior 18k gold that stands up to wear, tear, and tarnish better than many wildly expensive brands. what makes us so sure? we “test-wore” the collection for a year; traveled to 9 countries, 186 meetings, and 3 festivals (or was it 4?). if you’re not completely thrilled with your everyday fine purchase, contact our swat team at helpme@baublebar.com for assistance. all everyday fine items come complete with a luxe black pouch for storage to keep your bauble safe from the elements when not in use. to keep your everyday fine item at its best, please avoid contact with any moisture and liquid cosmetics, and do not wear in the shower. quality guarantee if your bauble is less than perfect upon arrival, we want to know! send a photo to helpme@baublebar.com, and our swat team will get back to you with a solution. we’re here to help monday - friday, 9am - 6pm (est). we aim to respond within 4 business hours. additionally, you can always send it back for a full refund using our pre-paid return label. hypoallergenic all of our baubles are hypoallergenic and certified nickel-free, lead-free, cadmium-free, and phthalates-free. we proudly test every single style, to ensure they all meet our rigorous standards. shipping through what carrier do your orders ship? all u.s. orders are shipped via ups mail innovations, usps, ups ground or air. do you ship internationally? yes, to select countries. view our international order policy. prices displayed on the website are in us dollars, and are exclusive of shipping and taxes. all relevant import taxes and duties will be included in the final purchase price. additionally, we offer secure one-step checkout via credit card and paypal for international orders. if your billing address is located in a country that we do not ship to, paypal will be the only option at checkout. i ordered a monogram and i'm still waiting on it. when will it ship? monograms and other personalized pieces spend 1-5 weeks in production (you can check your order confirmation email or the product page to see the production times.) returns i just received my order, but i’d like to return part of it. do you accept returns? absolutely, we want to be sure you are 100% satisfies with your purchase. you can read all about our returns policy here. please note: personalized styles and final sale items cannot be returned. we do not offer free return shipping for international orders. view our international return policy. how can i ship my return back to baublebar? your package includes a pre-paid usps return label so you can easily send us your purchase. if you did not receive the label, you can email helpme@baublebar.com. we are not responsible for lost return packages, and recommend you insure and track your package. you are also welcome to use the shipping method of your choice. we do not offer free return shipping for international orders. please address all returns to: baublebar returns 300 carol pl moonachie, nj 07074 did you receive my return yet? you will receive an email confirmation from baublebar once your return has been processed completely. you will not receive an email when your return has been received by our returns department. please allow up to 20 days for your package to arrive and our returns department to refund your original form of payment. for more about our return policy, visit the returns page, or reference the invoice included in your box. what if i can't find my original invoice? please print out the order confirmation email or the order information in your baublebar account. without this information, we will be unable to process your return. can i exchange the item i just received for a different bauble on your site? at this time, we cannot process exchanges. if you need a replacement for the same item, please email helpme@baublebar.com. payment & billing what methods of payment do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, discover, american express and paypal. it looks like you charged me multiple times. help! unless you received an order confirmation, we did not charge your card. if your credit card was declined, you may see pending transactions for each attempt to submit payment. the pending transaction will clear up within three to five business days, depending on your bank, and will never turn into a charge. you will always get an email confirmation when an order is successfully placed on our site. please check your billing address before submitting the order again. why was my credit card declined? most credit cards are declined because the billing address you entered does not match the address your bank has on file. please be sure to double check this, and if that does not work, please send us an email at helpme@baublebar.com. promotions can i apply a promotion code to an order i already placed? unfortunately, we cannot retroactively apply promotion codes to any orders. are any items excluded from promotion codes? in general, promotion codes cannot be used on gift cards and promotional-priced products. styles from the personalized shop and from the sale are often excluded from promotions, as well. if you have questions about the exclusions or fine print, please email helpme@baublebar.com. how are promotional discounts applied to orders? all promotion codes are applied to the order after vault points are deducted from the product subtotal. for example, if you used 100 points on an order and you have a 10% discount, the percentage discount will apply after the vault points are deducted from the product subtotal. meet baublebar about us rewards program stockists gift cards our company our brands wholesale inquiries careers affiliates customer care accessibility shipping & delivery return policy international orders faq contact us get help get styled instagram logo facebook logo pinterest logo twitter let’s stay in touch! proudly made in nyc terms of use privacy policy © 2019 baublebar inc. all rights reserved. sign in email password invalid login or password. forgot your password? create an account by creating an account you agree to the terms of use x want to score 15% off your first purchase? simply enter your email below and check your inbox for the promo code. no thanks first-time customers only. valid on full-priced items excluding maya brenner and adina reyter. you will receive emails from baublebar, and can unsubscribe at any time. x