来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201229081957/https://www.baublebar.com/terms
================================================================================

terms of use | baublebar ring it on get 15% off when you choose 2+ rings with code ring15. free ups shipping over $45 + free returns baublebar baublebar logo menu login account shopping bag your bag is empty! keep calm and shop on. estimated total $0 view shopping bag (0 items) start shopping what's new new arrivals disney x baublebar the love collection silver: must-have metal top picks best sellers pisa collection gemoji by baublebar charm necklaces & bracelets fashion jewelry earrings necklaces bracelets rings shop all fashion jewelry fine jewelry earrings necklaces and bracelets rings shop all fine jewelry custom custom jewelry phone cases initials and birthstones hair clips shop all custom the edit delicate layers minimal metals face masks and chains silver: must-have metal disney disney x baublebar sale buy one, get one face masks pick 3 earrings for $48 shop all sale up to 80% off home loginlogouthelp closeclose the menu click to search click to close search terms of use baublebar inc. (“baublebar,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) welcomes you. we provide you access to our services through www.baublebar.com (the “website”) or through a mobile application (together with the website, the “platform”) subject to the following terms of use, which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. by browsing the public areas or by accessing and using the platform, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be legally bound by the terms and conditions of these terms of service and the terms and conditions of our privacy policy, which are hereby incorporated by reference (collectively, this “agreement”). if you do not agree to any of these terms, then please do not use the platform. any user who registers with us (each, a “registered user”) and wishes to purchase a product or service through our platform is agreeing to the terms of this agreement and any other posted terms and conditions that relate to such product or service. the sections below titled “binding arbitration” and “class action waiver” contain a binding arbitration agreement and class action waiver. they affect your legal rights.  please read them. capitalized terms not defined in these terms of use shall have the meaning set forth in our privacy policy. 1. description and use of our websites we provide visitors and registered users with access to the platform as described below. visitors. visitors, as the term implies, are people who do not register with us, but want to explore the platform. no login is required for visitors. visitors can: (i) view all publicly-available content on the platform; and (ii) e-mail us. registered users. registered users can do all the things that visitors can do, and: (i) purchase products and services through the platform; (ii) access exclusive content available only to registered users; (iii) create, access, manage, and update their own personal accounts on the platform; (iv) post comments and other content on the platform (collectively, “registered user content”); (v) sign up for our various programs; (vi) sign up for alerts and other notifications; and (vii) become part of baublebar community. baublebar is under no obligation to accept any individual as a registered user and may accept or reject any registration in its sole and complete discretion. in addition, baublebar may deactivate any account at any time, including, without limitation, if it determines that a registered user has violated these terms of use. 2. community guidelines baublebar’s community, like any community, functions best when its users follow a few simple rules. by accessing and/or using the platform, you agree to comply with these community guidelines (the “community guidelines”) and that: a. you will comply with all applicable laws in your use of the platform and will not use the platform for any unlawful purpose; b. you will not upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available any content that: i. infringes any copyright, trademark, right of publicity, or other proprietary rights of any person or entity; or ii. is defamatory, libelous, indecent, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, invasive of another’s privacy, promotes violence, or contains hate speech (i.e., speech that attacks or demeans a group based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, veteran status, and/or sexual orientation/gender identity; or iii. discloses any sensitive information about another person, including that person’s e-mail address, postal address, phone number, credit card information, or any similar information. c. you will not “stalk,” threaten, or otherwise harass another person; d. you will not access or use the platform to collect any market research for a competing business; e. you will not impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; f. you will not interfere with or attempt to interrupt the proper operation of the platform through the use of any virus, device, information collection or transmission mechanism, software or routine, or access or attempt to gain access to any data, files, or passwords related to the platform through hacking, password or data mining, or any other means; g. you will not cover, obscure, block, or in any way interfere with any advertisements and/or safety features (e.g., report abuse button) on the platform; h. you will not use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means to access the platform for any purpose without our express written permission; provided, however, we grant the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the public portions of the platform for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly-available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials; i. you will not take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our technical infrastructure; and j. you will let us know about inappropriate content of which you become aware. if you find something that violates our community guidelines, please let us know, and we’ll review it. we reserve the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, to deny you access to the platform, or any portion of the platform, without notice, and to remove any content that does not adhere to these community guidelines. if you have accessed or used the platform through an application downloaded from the apple, inc. (“apple”) application store (such app, the “app”), you will use the app only: (i) on an apple-branded product that runs ios (apple’s proprietary operating system software); and (ii) as permitted by the “usage rules” as defined and set forth in the apple app store terms of service. 3. restrictions the platform is only available for individuals aged 13 years or older. if you are 13 or older, but under the age of majority in your jurisdiction, you should review this agreement with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand it. 4. sign-in name; password; unique identifiers if you are a registered user and do not log into the platform using a third-party login provider (e.g., facebook), you will be prompted to create an account, which includes a sign-in name (“sign-in name”), a password (“password”), and perhaps certain additional information that will assist in authenticating your identity when you log-in in the future (“unique identifiers”). when creating your account, you must provide true, accurate, current, and complete information. each sign-in name and corresponding password can be used by only one registered user. you are solely responsible for the confidentiality and use of your sign-in name, password, and unique identifiers, as well as for any use, misuse, or communications entered or payments made through the platform using one or more of them. you will promptly inform us of any need to deactivate a password or sign-in name, or change any unique identifier. we reserve the right to delete or change your password, sign-in name, or unique identifier at any time and for any reason and shall have no liability to you for any loss or damage caused by such action. baublebar will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by any unauthorized use of your account. 5. fees and payment as consideration for any purchase you make on the platform, you shall pay baublebar all applicable fees and taxes. we (or our third-party payment processor) shall authorize your credit card, bank account, or other approved payment facility you provided during the registration process for the full payment of the fees and any applicable taxes, and you hereby consent to the same. if the mailing address you provided us is in the united states, all payments will be charged and made in u.s. dollars. if the mailing address you provided us is outside the united states or any of its possessions or territories, all payments will be charged and made in your local currency. you must provide current, complete, and accurate billing and credit card information. you must promptly update all billing information (such as billing address, card number, and expiration date) to keep your account current, complete, and accurate, and you must promptly contact us if your credit card is lost or stolen, or if you become aware of a potential breach of account security (such as an unauthorized disclosure or use of your sign-in name or password). you hereby authorize baublebar to obtain or determine updated or replacement expiration dates for your credit card in the event that the credit card you provided us expires. we reserve the right to charge any renewal card issued to you to the same extent as the expired card. if payment is not received from your credit card issuer, you hereby agree to pay all amounts due upon demand. you agree to pay all costs of collection, including attorney’s fees and costs, on any outstanding balance. in certain instances, the issuer of your credit card may charge you a foreign transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. you are advised to check with your bank and credit card issuer for details. our policies regarding shipping, returns, and international orders can be found on the platform and are hereby incorporated by reference. 6. intellectual property the platform contains material, such as software, text, graphics, images, designs, sound recordings, audiovisual works, and other material provided by or on behalf of baublebar (collectively referred to as the “content”). the content may be owned by us or third parties. the content is protected under both united states and foreign laws. unauthorized use of the content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. you have no rights in or to the content, and you will not use the content except as permitted under this agreement. no other use is permitted without prior written consent from us. you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original content on any copy you make of the content. you may not sell, transfer, assign, license, sublicense, or modify the content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, make a derivative version of, distribute, or otherwise use the content in any way for any public or commercial purpose. the use or posting of the content on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited. if you violate any part of this agreement, your permission to access and/or use the content and the platform automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the content. the trademarks, service marks, and logos of baublebar (the “baublebar trademarks”) used and displayed on the platform are registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of baublebar. other company, product, and service names located on the platform may be trademarks or service marks owned by others (the “third-party trademarks,” and, collectively with baublebar trademarks, the “trademarks”). nothing on the platform should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use the trademarks, without our prior written permission specific for each such use. use of the trademarks as part of a link to or from any site is prohibited unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by us in writing. all goodwill generated from the use of baublebar trademarks inures to our benefit. elements of the platform are protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair competition, and other state and federal laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part, by any means, including, but not limited to, the use of framing or mirrors. none of the content may be retransmitted without our express, written consent for each and every instance. 7. accessing and downloading an app from apple the following terms apply to the app. these terms are in addition to all other terms contained in these terms of use: - you acknowledge and agree that (i) these terms of use are concluded between you and baublebar only, and not apple, and (ii) baublebar, not apple, is solely responsible for the app and content thereof. your use of the app must comply with the app store terms of service. - you acknowledge that apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the app. - in the event of any failure of the app to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify apple, and apple will refund the purchase price for the app to you and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the app. as between baublebar and apple, any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of baublebar. - you acknowledge that, as between baublebar and apple, apple is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the app or your possession and use of the app, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the app fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. - you acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the app or your possession and use of that app infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, as between baublebar and apple, baublebar, not apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these terms of service. - you represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a u.s. government embargo, or that has been designated by the u.s. government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any u.s. government list of prohibited or restricted parties. - you acknowledge and agree that apple, and apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these terms of use as related to your license of the app, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these terms of use, apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these terms of use as related to your license of the app against you as a third party beneficiary thereof. - without limiting any other terms of these terms of use, you must comply with all applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the app. 8. registered user content; licenses as noted above, the platform provides registered users the ability to post and upload registered user content. you expressly acknowledge and agree that once you submit your registered user content for inclusion into the platform, it will be accessible by others, and that there is no confidentiality or privacy with respect to such registered user content, including, without limitation, any personally identifying information that you may make available. you, and not baublebar, are entirely responsible for all your registered user content that you upload, post, e-mail, or otherwise transmit via the platform, and you will indemnify us in respect of any loss, liability, claim, or damage suffered or incurred by us in connection with your registered user content. you retain all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in and to your own registered user content. you do, however, hereby grant us and our sublicensees a non-exclusive, royalty-free, freely sublicensable, perpetual license to modify, compile, combine with other content, copy, record, synchronize, transmit, translate, format, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and otherwise use or exploit (including for profit) your registered user content and all intellectual property and moral rights therein throughout the universe, in each case, by or in any means, methods, media, or technology now known or hereafter devised. you also grant us and our sublicensees the right, but not the obligation, to use your registered user content, your sign-in name, name, likeness, and photograph in connection with any use of the related registered user content permitted by the previous sentence and/or to advertise and promote the platform, baublebar, and our products and services. without limiting the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that uses of your registered user content, name, likeness, and photograph permitted by the foregoing rights and licenses may include the display of such registered user content, name, likeness, and photograph adjacent to advertising and other material or content, including for profit. if you submit registered user content to us, each such submission constitutes a representation and warranty to baublebar that such registered user content is your original creation (or that you otherwise have the right to provide the registered user content), that you have the rights necessary to grant the license to the registered user content under the prior paragraph, and that it and its use by baublebar and its content partners as permitted by this agreement does not and will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property or moral rights of any person or contain any libelous, defamatory, or obscene material or content that violates our community guidelines. 9. communications with us although we encourage you to e-mail us, we do not want you to, and you should not, e-mail us any content that contains confidential information. with respect to all e-mails and communications you send to us, including, but not limited to, feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, and the like, we shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in your communications for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, the development, production, and marketing of products and services that incorporate such information without compensation or attribution to you. 10. no warranties; limitation of liability the platform and the content are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without any warranties of any kind, including that the platform will operate error-free or that the platform, its servers, or the content are free of computer viruses or similar contamination or destructive features. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws: (i) we shall not be subject to liability for any delays or interruptions of the platform from whatever cause, and you agree that you use the content and the platform at your own risk; (ii) we disclaim all warranties, including, but not limited to, warranties of title, merchantability, non-infringement of third parties’ rights, and fitness for particular purpose and any warranties arising from a course of dealing, course of performance, or usage of trade; (iii) we shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to access and use the platform or the content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), or any other legal theory, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages; and (iv) our aggregate liability shall be limited to the amount you have paid us in connection with the applicable order or matter giving rise to the claim. if your use of the platform or the content results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, we shall not be responsible for those costs unless required by applicable laws. the platform may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors or omissions. unless required by applicable laws, we are not responsible for any such typographical, technical, or pricing errors listed on the platform. the platform may contain information on certain products and services, not all of which are available in every location. a reference to a product or service on the websites does not imply that such product or service is or will be available in your location. we reserve the right to make changes, corrections, and/or improvements to the platform at any time without notice. 11. external sites the platform may contain links to third-party websites (“external sites”). these links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us of the content on such external sites. the content of such external sites is developed and provided by others. you should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those external sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or any content located on such external sites. we are not responsible for the content of any linked external sites and do not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such external sites. you should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect your computer from viruses and other destructive programs. if you decide to access linked external sites, you do so at your own risk. 12. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us and our officers, directors, employees, successors, licensees, and assigns harmless from and against any claims, actions, or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting from your breach of this agreement or your access to, use, or misuse of the content or the platform. we shall provide notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit, or proceeding. we reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter that is subject to indemnification under this section. in such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting our defense of such matter. 13. compliance with applicable laws the platform is based in the united states. we make no claims concerning whether the content may be downloaded, viewed, or be appropriate for use outside of the united states. if you access the platform or the content from outside of the united states, you do so at your own risk. whether inside or outside of the united states, you are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction. 14. termination of the agreement we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate this agreement and your access to all or any part of the platform, at any time and for any reason without prior notice or liability. we reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the platform at any time without prior notice or liability. 15. digital millennium copyright act baublebar respects the intellectual property rights of others and attempts to comply with all relevant laws. we will review all claims of copyright infringement received and remove any content deemed to have been posted or distributed in violation of any such laws. our designated agent under the digital millennium copyright act (the “act”) for the receipt of any notification of claimed infringement which may be given under that act is as follows: copyright agent baublebar inc. 1115 broadway 5th floor new york, ny 10010 helpme@baublebar.com if you believe that your work has been copied on the platform in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our agent with notice in accordance with the requirements of the act, including (i) a description of the copyrighted work that has been infringed and the specific location on the platform where such work is located; (ii) a description of the location of the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work; (iii) your address, telephone number and e-mail address; (iv) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; (v) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf; and (vi) an electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest. 16. controlling law this agreement and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the state of new york without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. 17. binding arbitration in the event of a dispute arising under or relating to this agreement, the content, or the platform (each, a “dispute”), either party may elect to finally and exclusively resolve the dispute by binding arbitration governed by the federal arbitration act (“faa”). any election to arbitrate, at any time, shall be final and binding on the other party. if either party chooses arbitration, neither party shall have the right to litigate such claim in court or to have a jury trial. discovery and appeal rights may also be limited in arbitration. all disputes will be resolved before a neutral arbitrator, whose decision will be final except for a limited right of appeal under the faa.  any court in new york, new york may enforce the arbitrator’s award.  the arbitration shall be administered by the judicial arbitration and mediation services (“jams”) pursuant to jams’ streamlined arbitration rules and procedures, if applicable, or otherwise pursuant to its comprehensive arbitration rules and procedures and in accordance with the expedited procedures in those rules (the “jams rules”). such disputes will be resolved by the arbitrator as determined under the jams rules. the arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone, or online. if conducted in person, the arbitration shall take place in new york, new york.  the parties may litigate in court to compel arbitration, to stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator. in addition, we may litigate in court to seek injunctive relief. 18. class action waiver you agree that any arbitration or proceeding shall be limited to the dispute between us and you individually. to the full extent permitted by law, (i) no arbitration or proceeding shall be joined with any other; (ii) there is no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated or resolved on a class action-basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (iii) there is no right or authority for any dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons. you agree that you may bring claims against us only in your individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. 19. miscellaneous you agree that, unless contrary to any applicable law, any cause of action arising out of or related to the platform, the content, or this agreement must be commenced by you within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues, otherwise such cause of action is permanently barred. if any provision of this agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction or terminated in accordance with the termination provision above, the invalidity or termination of such provision shall not affect the validity of the following provisions of this agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect: “fees and payment” (until you pay all fees and taxes due hereunder), “intellectual property,” “registered user content; licenses,” “communications with us,” “no warranties; limitation of liability,” “indemnification,” “termination of the agreement,” “controlling law,” “binding arbitration,” “class action waiver,” and “miscellaneous.” our failure to act on or enforce any provision of the agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in this agreement. no waiver shall be effective against us unless made in writing, and no such waiver shall be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance. except as expressly agreed by us and you in writing, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter. the section headings are provided merely for convenience and shall not be given any legal import. this agreement will inure to the benefit of our successors, assigns, licensees, and sublicensees. copyright 2015 baublebar inc. all rights reserved. meet baublebar about us find us in stores gift cards careers customer care shipping & returns international orders faq contact us get help instagram logo facebook logo pinterest logo terms of use privacy policy accessibility © 2021 baublebar inc. all rights reserved. sign in email password invalid login or password. forgot your password? create an account by creating an account you agree to the terms of use x