来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231170819/https://www.baublebar.com/pages/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions – baublebar skip to content new arrivals shop new arrivals all new arrivals trending meaningful jewelry hearts friendship bracelets brides evil eye 360 charm necklace custom bracelets hearts best sellers jewelry categories bracelets earrings necklaces rings anklets shop all jewelry collections initials & nameplates hearts hoops & huggies pisa bracelets tennis meaningful jewelry novelty everyday basics stacking bracelets novelty earrings night out jewelry fine categories bracelets earrings necklaces rings pre-styled sets nameplates shop all fine jewelry custom fine jewelry nameplates tennis pre-styled sets custom jewelry bracelets initials & nameplates fine jewelry ready to ship group order accessories blankets phone cases hair brushes notebooks ornaments best selling custom nameplates blankets phone cases blankets shop blankets all custom blankets ready to ship blankets group order blankets collections kids' blankets disney blankets nfl blankets nba blankets custom blankets ready to ship blankets kids' blankets phone cases shop by phone all custom phone cases iphone 15 models iphone 14 models iphone 13 models iphone 12 models custom phone cases get inspired kids categories jewelry & hair custom kid's jewelry & accessories shop all kids jewelry & hair custom accessories disney collections disney's nightmare before christmas toy story princess & villains categories jewelry bag charms home décor shop all disney disney jewelry disney bag charms disney 100 storage disney custom bracelets sports sports nfl mlb nba shop all sports nfl collection mlb collection nfl custom jersey ornaments nfl custom blankets sale shop sale end of year sale fine jewelry sale disney sale kids' sale account cart spend $75.00 more and get free shipping! your cart is empty end of the year sale 🤩 enjoy up to 80% off. prices as marked. while supplies last. new new new! 👌👌👌 shop our just landed seasonal styles new party styles are here 🪩🪩🪩you've got places to go & we have the styles you need always enjoy free shipping on all orders $75+ ! 🛒🛍️📦 new arrivals new arrivals shop new arrivals all new arrivals trending meaningful jewelry hearts friendship bracelets brides evil eye 360 charm necklace custom bracelets hearts best sellers best sellers jewelry jewelry categories bracelets earrings necklaces rings anklets shop all jewelry collections initials & nameplates hearts hoops & huggies pisa bracelets tennis meaningful jewelry novelty everyday basics stacking bracelets novelty earrings night out jewelry fine fine categories bracelets earrings necklaces rings pre-styled sets nameplates shop all fine jewelry custom fine jewelry nameplates tennis pre-styled sets custom custom jewelry bracelets initials & nameplates fine jewelry ready to ship group order accessories blankets phone cases hair brushes notebooks ornaments best selling custom nameplates blankets phone cases blankets blankets shop blankets all custom blankets ready to ship blankets group order blankets collections kids' blankets disney blankets nfl blankets nba blankets custom blankets ready to ship blankets kids' blankets phone cases phone cases shop by phone all custom phone cases iphone 15 models iphone 14 models iphone 13 models iphone 12 models custom phone cases get inspired kids kids categories jewelry & hair custom kid's jewelry & accessories shop all kids jewelry & hair custom accessories disney disney collections disney's nightmare before christmas toy story princess & villains categories jewelry bag charms home décor shop all disney disney jewelry disney bag charms disney 100 storage disney custom bracelets sports sports sports nfl mlb nba shop all sports nfl collection mlb collection nfl custom jersey ornaments nfl custom blankets sale sale shop sale end of year sale fine jewelry sale disney sale kids' sale most frequently asked questions fine jewelry materials product commitment shipping returns payment & billing promotions most frequently asked questions questions about orders and shipping? please find detailed order and shipping information on our shipping & returns page. what do i need to know before ordering a custom piece? all custom and personalized pieces are made-to-order and final sale. custom orders cannot be cancelled or altered after they are submitted. additionally, custom items cannot be returned. you will be charged at the time the order is placed. production times vary; you can find an item's production time on its product page. please note, selecting expedited shipping will not change the production timeline. the item will still require the same amount of time to be produced, but will ship expedited to you after its production. if you have questions about your custom piece, please email helpme@baublebar.com. what is your jewelry made of? our pieces are hand-crafted using a variety of high quality materials, including 14k solid gold, 18k gold plated sterling silver, 925 sterling silver, semi-precious stone, glass, resin, and brass. exact materials associated with each style are listed on their product detail pages. how should i care for my pieces? to keep your styles at their best, please give them occasional breaks and store neatly when not in use. avoid contact with moisture and liquid cosmetics when wearing fashion jewelry; this includes lotion, sunscreen, and perfume. jewelry that is not solid gold or gold filled should never be worn in the shower, pool or ocean. please visit the product page for each item for more detailed care instructions. who do i contact for press inquiries? for all press inquiries, please email press@baublebar.com. is baublebar sold in stores? we do not currently have our own brick-and-mortar store, but we are sold in a large number of retailers. see here for a list of locations where you can find our pieces in person! also make sure to head to target to check out our exclusive sugarfix line! we also have pop-ups shops often - sign up for our email list to be notified about any in your area! where are you located? baublebar is based in new york city and all orders are shipped from our facility in new jersey. baublebar face mask fda emergency use authorization this product has not been fda cleared or approved.this product has been authorized by the fda under an eua for use as source control by the general public as well as by healthcare professionals in healthcare settings as to help prevent the spread of infection or illness during the covid-19 pandemic.this product should not be used in a clinical setting where the infection risk level through inhalation exposure is high.this product is authorized only for the duration of the declaration that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of the emergency use of medical devices, including alternative products used as medical devices, during the covid-19 outbreak, under section 564(b)(1) of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act, 21 u.s.c. § 360bbb-3(b)(1) unless the authorization is terminated or revoked sooner. fine jewelry materials gold plated sterling silver gold plated sterling silver pieces are crafted with 925 sterling silver, coated with a layer of 18k gold plating. here at baublebar, we use the highest possible carat (18k) for all of our gold plated sterling silver pieces, with the exception of a few items that are made in 14k in order to increase longevity. our 18k gold plating is .25 microns thick. gold filled if you’re looking for a step up from gold plated sterling silver, opt for gold filled pieces. gold filled styles feature brass with a thick layer of real gold. this is not a plating, but rather a high heat bonding process that fuses the gold to the brass base. our gold filled styles are 5% (1/20th) of the total weight of the piece in gold as required by the federal trade commission. sterling silver our sterling silver pieces are made of the industry standard makeup, 92.5% pure silver. the other 7.5% is copper to reduce risk of discoloration and improve surface quality. for our own sterling silver jewelry, we include a 1-2 mils rhodium plating to increase shine and prevent tarnishing. solid gold we use 14k gold for all of our solid gold fine jewelry. as opposed to 18k solid gold pieces, 14k is a bit more durable. diamonds every diamond found in our pieces is conflict-free and sourced ethically from suppliers who ensure socially responsible practices. carat weights range from .035 to .18, and clarity is always in si i1-2 range. product commitment quality guarantee if your piece is less than perfect upon arrival, we want to know! please send a photo to helpme@baublebar.com within 3 business days and our customer care team will get back to you with a solution. we’re here to help monday - friday, 9am - 9pm (est), and aim to respond within 24 business hours. hypoallergenic and nickel-free all of our jewelry is hypoallergenic and certified nickel-free, lead-free, cadmium-free, and phthalates-free. we test every single style to ensure they meet all of our rigorous standards. shipping do you ship to po boxes and/or fpo/apo addresses? we ship to po boxes using our startard shipping option, which will be delivered by usps. if you have a street address and a po box, please make sure to use your po box address when using standard shipping. currently, we unable to ship to any fpo/apo addresses but we hope to offer this service in the near future. i ordered a custom item and i'm still waiting for it. when will it ship? custom items ship per the timelines as noted on their product page, at checkout, and in your order confirmation email. returns holiday 2023 return policy we’re pleased to offer you an extended return window for eligible items during the holiday season. unused/unworn merchandise purchased between november 1, 2023, and december 16, 2023, can be returned until january 15, 2024 for a full refund to your original form of payment. returned packages for orders placed during this period must be postmarked by january 15, 2024 at the latest, to receive a refund. any orders placed after december 16, 2023, will follow our regular 30-day return policy. we do not offer returns on custom products and final sale items. please refer to the product page and order confirmation to see if your item is eligible for return. gift and value sets must be returned in their entirety to be eligible for a refund. original shipping charges are not refundable. i just received my order, but i'd like to return part of it. do you accept returns? yes! we want to be sure you are 100% satisfied with your purchase. you can read about our returns policy here. please note: custom items and final sale items cannot be returned. how can i ship my return back to baublebar? all packages that contain returnable items includes a prepaid usps return label to make returns easy. if you do not have a label, you can email helpme@baublebar.com for assistance. we recommend to keep a record of all return tracking numbers from prepaid labels.you are also welcome to use the shipping method of your choice, however, we are not responsible for lost return packages, and recommend insuring and tracking your return.please address all returns to:baublebar returns300 carol plmoonachie, nj 07074 did you receive my return yet? please allow up to 20 days for your package to arrive and our returns department to refund your original form of payment. you will receive a refund confirmation once your return has been processed, however you will not receive an email when your return has been received by our returns department. please refer to your return tracking for this information. what if i can't find my original invoice? please print out the order confirmation email or the order information in your baublebar account. without this information, we will be unable to process your return. can i exchange the item i just received for a different item on your site? at this time, we do not offer exchanges. if you would like to send your eligible item back as a return, you can then place a new order for the desired item on our site. payment & billing what methods of payment do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, discover, american express, shoppay, paypal and apple pay. why was my credit card declined? most credit cards are declined because the billing address you entered does not match the address your bank has on file. please be sure to double check this information. if you are still experiencing any difficulties, please send us an email with a screenshot of your payment page from checkout at helpme@baublebar.com, so our customer care team can look into this further. promotions get gifting promotion details baublebar's 20% promotion is valid on baublebar.com from 11/29/23 at 12am est through 12/3/23 at 11:59pm est. receive a discount of 20% off items sitewide. discount will automatically apply in cart. exclusions include, but are not limited to, gift cards, packaging (boxes and pouches), maya brenner, stocking stuffer deals, and select minibar styles as noted on respective product pages. this promo cannot be combined with other promotions or discount codes. it has no cash value and cannot be applied to previous purchases - price adjustments will not be offered. baublebar reserves the right to extend, modify, or discontinue this offer at any time without notice. can i apply a promotion code to an order i already placed? we cannot retroactively apply promotion codes to any orders. all codes must be entered at the time of checkout. are any items excluded from promotion codes? for more details about a specific sale, please see the current event detail section of our faq and specific item product pages. meet baublebar about us coming soon find us in stores careers customer care shipping & returns faq gift cards contact us get help partner with us bulk order the edit blog © baublebar