来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231210538/https://www.baublebar.com/pages/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions – baublebar skip to content valentine's day shop get gifting 15% off custom jewelry sweet hearts forever fine jewelry for your lil’ valentine shop all new arrivals what's new new arrivals back in stock collections hearts waterproof jewelry custom rings birthstone collection bead kits best sellers jewelry categories necklaces bracelets earrings charm necklaces rings shop all fine jewelry shop all necklaces bracelets earrings rings pre-styled sets shops bubble jewelry tennis collection meaning & purpose birthstone collection novelty jewelry night out jewelry fine jewelry categories shop all bracelets earrings necklaces rings pre-styled sets shops tennis collection custom fine jewelry birthstone collection custom custom shop all jewelry necklaces bracelets charms fine jewelry rings shop all accessories blankets ornaments phone cases totes bulk orders accessories phone cases custom phone cases get inspired home decor blankets ornaments picture frames on the go bead kits totes & bag charms hair brushes storage & pouches kids collections jewelry & hair custom jewelry & accessories shop all disney new & trending custom minnie mouse ears best sellers new arrivals disney eats categories jewelry minnie ears bag charms collectible pins custom blankets & storage shop all disney characters toy story mickey mouse & friends lilo & stitch sports collections nfl x baublebar mlb x baublebar baublebar sale sale baublebar sale disney sale kids sale account cart spend $75.00 more and get free shipping! your cart is empty shop all new arrivals and get ready for the new year ✨ the valentine's day shop is here! give a little love and take 15% off custom jewelry enjoy free shipping on all orders over $75 🛍️ valentine's day shop valentine's day shop get gifting 15% off custom jewelry sweet hearts forever fine jewelry for your lil’ valentine shop all 15% off custom jewelry forever fine jewelry sweet hearts new arrivals new arrivals what's new new arrivals back in stock collections hearts waterproof jewelry custom rings birthstone collection bead kits hearts collection all new custom rings best sellers best sellers jewelry jewelry categories necklaces bracelets earrings charm necklaces rings shop all fine jewelry shop all necklaces bracelets earrings rings pre-styled sets shops bubble jewelry tennis collection meaning & purpose birthstone collection novelty jewelry night out jewelry fine jewelry fine jewelry categories shop all bracelets earrings necklaces rings pre-styled sets shops tennis collection custom fine jewelry birthstone collection custom custom custom shop all jewelry necklaces bracelets charms fine jewelry rings shop all accessories blankets ornaments phone cases totes bulk orders jewelry fine jewelry blankets accessories accessories phone cases custom phone cases get inspired home decor blankets ornaments picture frames on the go bead kits totes & bag charms hair brushes storage & pouches custom bead kits our viral phone case kids kids collections jewelry & hair custom jewelry & accessories shop all jewelry & hair custom jewelry & accessories custom blankets disney disney new & trending custom minnie mouse ears best sellers new arrivals disney eats categories jewelry minnie ears bag charms collectible pins custom blankets & storage shop all disney characters toy story mickey mouse & friends lilo & stitch custom minnie mouse ears best sellers sports sports collections nfl x baublebar mlb x baublebar baublebar sale sale sale baublebar sale disney sale kids sale most frequently asked questions fine jewelry materials product commitment shipping returns payment & billing promotions most frequently asked questions questions about orders and shipping? please find detailed order and shipping information on our shipping & delivery page. what do i need to know before ordering a custom piece? all custom and personalized pieces are made-to-order and final sale. custom orders cannot be cancelled or altered after they are submitted. additionally, custom items cannot be returned. you will be charged at the time the order is placed. production times vary; you can find an item's production time on its product page. please note, selecting expedited shipping will not change the production timeline. the item will still require the same amount of time to be produced, but will ship expedited to you after its production. if you have questions about your custom piece, please email helpme@baublebar.com. what is your jewelry made of? our pieces are hand-crafted using a variety of high quality materials, including 14k solid gold, 18k gold plated sterling silver, 925 sterling silver, semi-precious stone, glass, resin, and brass. exact materials associated with each style are listed on their product detail pages. how should i care for my pieces? to keep your styles at their best, please give them occasional breaks and store neatly when not in use. avoid contact with moisture and liquid cosmetics when wearing fashion jewelry; this includes lotion, sunscreen, and perfume. jewelry that is not solid gold or gold filled should never be worn in the shower, pool or ocean. please visit the product page for each item for more detailed care instructions. who do i contact for press inquiries? for all press inquiries, please email press@baublebar.com. is baublebar sold in stores? we do not currently have our own brick-and-mortar store, but we are sold in a large number of retailers. see here for a list of locations where you can find our pieces in person! also make sure to head to target to check out our exclusive sugarfix line! we also have pop-ups shops often - sign up for our email list to be notified about any in your area! where are you located? baublebar is based in new york city and all orders are shipped from our facility in new jersey. baublebar face mask fda emergency use authorization this product has not been fda cleared or approved.this product has been authorized by the fda under an eua for use as source control by the general public as well as by healthcare professionals in healthcare settings as to help prevent the spread of infection or illness during the covid-19 pandemic.this product should not be used in a clinical setting where the infection risk level through inhalation exposure is high.this product is authorized only for the duration of the declaration that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of the emergency use of medical devices, including alternative products used as medical devices, during the covid-19 outbreak, under section 564(b)(1) of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act, 21 u.s.c. § 360bbb-3(b)(1) unless the authorization is terminated or revoked sooner. fine jewelry materials gold plated sterling silver gold plated sterling silver pieces are crafted with 925 sterling silver, coated with a layer of 18k gold plating. here at baublebar, we use the highest possible carat (18k) for all of our gold plated sterling silver pieces, with the exception of a few items that are made in 14k in order to increase longevity. our 18k gold plating is .25 microns thick. gold filled if you’re looking for a step up from gold plated sterling silver, opt for gold filled pieces. gold filled styles feature brass with a thick layer of real gold. this is not a plating, but rather a high heat bonding process that fuses the gold to the brass base. our gold filled styles are 5% (1/20th) of the total weight of the piece in gold as required by the federal trade commission. sterling silver our sterling silver pieces are made of the industry standard makeup, 92.5% pure silver. the other 7.5% is copper to reduce risk of discoloration and improve surface quality. for our own sterling silver jewelry, we include a 1-2 mils rhodium plating to increase shine and prevent tarnishing. solid gold we use 14k gold for all of our solid gold fine jewelry. as opposed to 18k solid gold pieces, 14k is a bit more durable. diamonds every diamond found in our pieces is conflict-free and sourced ethically from suppliers who ensure socially responsible practices. carat weights range from .035 to .18, and clarity is always in si i1-2 range. product commitment quality guarantee if your piece is less than perfect upon arrival, we want to know! please send a photo to helpme@baublebar.com within 3 business days and our customer care team will get back to you with a solution. we’re here to help monday - friday, 9am - 9pm (est), and aim to respond within 24 business hours. hypoallergenic and nickel-free all of our jewelry is hypoallergenic and certified nickel-free, lead-free, cadmium-free, and phthalates-free. we test every single style to ensure they meet all of our rigorous standards. custom phone cases baublebar phone cases are perfect for keeping your phone protected from normal wear and tear, while not adding too much bulk to your phone. our cases feature a raised front screen lip and camera lip for added protection, so you can trust in our cases for protection from small drops and fumbles. disney x baublebar bag charms enhance your bag with our stylish bag charms crafted from premium materials. please consider your bag's material to prevent potential surface impact. enjoy accessorizing without worry! shipping do you ship to po boxes and/or fpo/apo addresses? we ship to po boxes using our startard shipping option, which will be delivered by usps. if you have a street address and a po box, please make sure to use your po box address when using standard shipping. currently, we unable to ship to any fpo/apo addresses but we hope to offer this service in the near future. i ordered a custom item and i'm still waiting for it. when will it ship? custom items ship per the timelines as noted on their product page, at checkout, and in your order confirmation email. returns holiday 2024 return policy ​we’re pleased to offer you an extended return window for eligible items during the holiday season. eligible, unused and unworn merchandise purchased between october 25, 2024, and december 18, 2024, can be returned until january 15, 2025, for a full refund to your original payment method. to qualify for a refund, returned packages for orders placed during this period must be postmarked by january 15, 2025. orders placed after december 18, 2024, will be subject to our regular 30-day return policy. please note that custom, made-to-order products, and final sale items are not eligible for returns. be sure to check the product page or your order confirmation to determine if your item qualifies. all returned merchandise must be unused, with tags attached, and in its original packaging. gift and value sets must be returned in their entirety to be eligible for a refund. original shipping charges are not refundable. i just received my order, but i'd like to return part of it. do you accept returns? yes! we want to be sure you are 100% satisfied with your purchase. you can read about our returns policy here. please note: custom items and final sale items cannot be returned. how can i ship my return back to baublebar? to initiate a return, head over to our returns portal. [https://returns.baublebar.com/#/] from there, you can choose whether you'd like an exchange, store credit, or a refund to the original form of payment. we've also made it hassle-free by providing a prepaid return shipping label for your convenience, which you will be able to access once the return is submitted. then just box up the item(s) and send it back to us! did you receive my return yet? you will receive an email once your item has been processed by our returns department. please allow up to 5 days once the return has been delivered to our facility to be processed. what if i can't find my original invoice? all of the information we need to process your return is included on the label you receive after initiating a return. you do not need to include the original invoice in your shipment. can i exchange the item i just received for a different item on your site? we currently only offer exchanges for the same product, if you are interested in a different size. if not, we do offer the option for a store credit that you can use to place a new order on site for the desired item. payment & billing what methods of payment do you accept? we accept visa, mastercard, discover, american express, shoppay, paypal and apple pay. why was my credit card declined? most credit cards are declined because the billing address you entered does not match the address your bank has on file. please be sure to double check this information. if you are still experiencing any difficulties, please send us an email with a screenshot of your payment page from checkout at helpme@baublebar.com, so our customer care team can look into this further. promotions valentine's day custom jewelry event baublebar's valentine's day custom event is valid on baublebar.com from 1/6/2025 at 12pm est through 1/20/25 at 11:59pm est. receive 15% off all custom jewelry products. discount automatically applies in cart. exclusions include but are not limited to: maya brenner. all custom items are final sale, no returns, exchanges, or store credit will be offered. orders cannot be canceled or altered after being placed. promotion does not affect production timelines. please refer to product pages for individual production requirements. this promo cannot be combined with other promotions or discount codes. it has no cash value and cannot be applied to previous purchases or gift cards. price adjustments will not be offered. baublebar reserves the right to extend, modify, or discontinue this offer at any time without notice. can i apply a promotion code to an order i already placed? we cannot retroactively apply promotion codes to any orders. all codes must be entered at the time of checkout. are any items excluded from promotion codes? for more details about a specific sale, please see the current event detail section of our faq and specific item product pages. meet baublebar about us coming soon careers find us in stores visit our first kids store customer care shipping & returns faq gift cards contact us get help partner with us bulk order the edit blog © baublebar privacy terms