来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231071106/https://www.apple.com/us/shop/goto/trade_in
================================================================================

trade in with apple giveback - apple open menu close menu apple shopping bag search apple.com cancel apple mac ipad iphone watch tv music support shopping bag cancel apple giveback turn the device you have into the one you want. trade in your eligible device for an apple store gift card or a refund on your purchase.1 if your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free. no matter the model or condition, we can turn it into something good for you and good for the planet. limited time upgrade to iphone xr from $449 or iphone xs from $699.* now you can get the latest iphone for even less when you trade in your current iphone for credit. just add a trade-in when you buy your new iphone. buy now your device price of iphone xr with trade‑in price of iphone xs with trade‑in iphone 8 $449 $699 iphone 7 plus $449 $699 iphone 7 $499 $749 iphone 6s plus $499 $749 iphone 6s $549 $799 iphone 6 plus $549 $799 iphone 6 $599 $849 a better way to part with your favorite device. you’ll see what it’s worth instantly. just answer a few questions about your device. based on what you tell us, we’ll offer you a competitive trade-in estimate for an apple store gift card or instant credit at an apple store.1 or you’ll have the option to recycle it for free. your data stays safe. before you hand off your device, we’ll show you how to safely back up and wipe your data, so you can keep all your information to yourself.2 if it’s an apple product, it’s even easier. just use icloud or time machine to move everything in a few steps. it goes on to help the planet. you may be done with your device, but chances are it still has more to give. if it’s in good shape, we’ll help it go to a new owner. if not, we’ll send it to our recycling partner, so we can save more precious materials and take less from the earth. and if it’s an iphone, it could even go to daisy, our disassembly robot that can efficiently recover the resources inside. learn about daisy and the environment just mail it out, or bring it in. trading in your device is as easy as buying a new one. we’ll give you a prepaid trade-in kit or shipping label to send it off. or you can bring it to an apple store. we’ll either give you instant credit toward the purchase of a new product or send your device on to our recyclers. find an apple store near you please note: computer trade-in is currently only available online. frequently asked questions what is apple giveback? apple giveback is our trade-in and recycling program that’s good for you and the planet. if your trade-in device is eligible for credit, you can offset the purchase price of a new one. if it’s not eligible for credit, you can recycle it for free. how does it work? just answer a few questions either in an apple store or online regarding the brand, model, and condition of your device. we’ll provide either an estimated trade-in value or a simple way to recycle it. if you accept the trade-in estimate in the store, we’ll give you instant credit toward a purchase. if you accept it online, we’ll send you a trade-in kit (at no cost to you) so you can send us your device. once we receive your trade-in device, a team inspects it and verifies its condition. if everything checks out, we’ll either refund the purchase method you used to buy a new apple device or we’ll send you an apple store gift card via email. if you choose to recycle your device, we’ll either handle it in the store, or we’ll provide a prepaid shipping label so you can send your device to our accredited recycling partner. should i choose a trade-in refund or an apple store gift card? it depends on where and when you make a purchase. if you’re ready to buy a new product at an apple store, you can bring your old device with you. if it’s eligible for trade-in, we’ll apply an instant credit at the time of purchase. the only exception is that we don’t currently accept mac trade-ins in the apple store. if you’re ready to buy a new apple product online (apple.com or the apple store app), you can add a trade-in and get a refund back on your new purchase, once we receive and verify its condition. if you’re not ready to make a purchase, you can trade in your old device online for an apple store gift card via email that you can apply to any future apple purchase. and no matter how you use apple giveback, if your device has no trade-in value, you can always recycle it responsibly for free. how long does the online trade-in process take? generally it takes 2–3 weeks. but the sooner you send us your device, the sooner we can verify its condition and process your trade-in refund or gift card. recycling a device is much faster. as soon as we email you a prepaid shipping label, just send your device to our recycling partner. if i buy a new device online and add a trade-in, what kind of refund will i get? it depends on what you buy and how you pay for it. if you buy an iphone, ipad, mac, or apple watch and pay in full, we’ll apply a refund to your original payment method up to the total purchase price. for any remaining amount, you’ll receive an apple store gift card via email. if you buy an iphone using carrier financing, the iphone upgrade program, or apple iphone payments, we’ll apply a refund to your payment method up to the total amount paid for taxes and fees. for any remaining amount, you’ll receive an apple store gift card via email. can i see what my device is worth online, then bring it with me when i buy a new device in the store? you can, but the refund value you get in the store may be different from the estimated refund value you received online. and at this time, we’re not accepting mac trade-ins in the store. also, if you add a trade-in while purchasing a new device on apple.com but choose to pick up the new device in an apple store, we suggest you wait until you receive your trade-in kit to send us your old device. how much will i get for my trade-in? it depends on the device, model, manufacturer, and condition. answer a few questions accurately, and once we receive the device within the specified timeframe and verify its condition, you’ll most likely receive the full amount of the estimated refund. keep in mind that we need to receive your trade-in on time and the condition needs to match what you told us. if it doesn’t, we’ll send you a revised estimated refund value. does apple offer recycling? yes. apple giveback lets you recycle any apple device (including devices from apple-owned brands) at any apple store and on apple.com for free. that includes your batteries and old electronic products as well as free, on-demand packaging recycling for our commercial, education, and institutional customers. everything we accept is recycled responsibly. what devices are eligible for trade in with apple giveback? you can trade in apple and third-party devices. many apple and third-party devices are eligible for a trade-in refund or an apple store gift card. and all apple devices are eligible for recycling. either way, hand us your used devices and we will handle them responsibly. is there a way to track my trade-in status? if your trade-in will be applied as a refund toward an online purchase, you can track it from your apple store account. if you’re trading in for an apple store gift card, you can follow the status of your iphone, other smartphone, ipad, or apple watch trade-in here. you can follow your mac or other computer trade-in here. will i always receive the estimated trade-in value? once your device is received within the appropriate timeframe and is verified to be in the condition that you described, you will receive the estimated value either as a refund toward your payment method or as an apple store gift card. if the condition doesn’t match what you described, a new estimated trade-in value will be sent to you via email. you’ll have the option to either accept this revised quote or reject it. if you reject it, your device will be sent back to you at no charge. can i cancel a trade-in? if you haven’t yet shipped your device, you can cancel your trade-in by simply keeping your device. if you’ve already shipped your device, the trade-in can’t be canceled. if you receive a revised trade-in value after the inspection of your device, you can then choose to reject it. do i have to include accessories like chargers, cables, etc? in some cases, your final trade-in value can vary depending on if you send in your power adapter or not. you don’t have to, but you can always send in your chargers and cables, and we will recycle them for you. can i trade in a device at an apple store? yes, the apple giveback program is available on apple.com as well as in all our retail stores. the only exception is that mac trade-ins are currently not accepted in the store. how do i pack my device for trade-in? follow the instructions included in your trade-in kit. it explains how to prepare, pack, and ship your device. how do i pack my device for recycling? devices that contain batteries should be packed in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and industry best practices, which typically include the guidelines below: discharge the unit to less than 30%. do not ship electronics that are disassembled into parts. do not ship electronics with swollen or damaged batteries. for whole units, surround the product with at least 2.5 inches of suitable filler material, such as recycled or reused packaging, before placing inside a corrugated box. ship only one device per box. when will i receive my gift card or refund? expect to receive it within 1–2 weeks of shipping your device. how do i find the serial number on my apple device? to find your serial number, follow this guide. is my personal data safe? before you send us your device, we’ll tell you how to back up and wipe all your data. this ensures that all your personal information is completely removed from your device before you trade it in or recycle it. how do i turn off find my iphone? to turn off find my iphone on your apple device: tap settings. tap icloud. sign in with your apple id, if necessary. turn off find my iphone. to turn off via icloud (if you do not have your physical device): follow this guide. how do i reset my apple device, and what else should i consider before i trade it in? here’s what to do before you trade in your iphone, ipad, or ipod touch. here’s what to do before you trade in your mac. here’s what to do before you trade in your apple watch. according to an email, my gift card or my refund was issued, but i haven’t received it. what do i do? contact apple support. what if i can't print my shipping label or find my shipping instructions? contact apple support. do i have to provide proof of purchase for the device i trade in? no, there is no proof of purchase required to trade in a device with apple giveback. how quickly do i need to send my device to you? the estimated trade-in value is valid for 14 days, and we encourage you to send the device to us within this timeframe to ensure that you get this value. recycled devices should be sent back as soon as possible, at a time that’s convenient for you. how do i get additional help with apple giveback? contact apple support. more ways to recycle we offer recycling of apple products throughout the united states. please click here to get started. for more information about recycling programs in the following states, click the links below: california connecticut hawaii illinois indiana maine maryland michigan minnesota new jersey new york north carolina oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina texas utah vermont virginia & va ewaste report washington washington dc west virginia wisconsin independent recycling professionals can obtain removal instructions for the battery and other components that require selective treatment by calling apple support. * see checkout for delivery dates. ** iphone xr and iphone xs pricing is after trade-in of iphone 7 plus. additional trade-in values available for a limited time only and require purchase of a new iphone, subject to availability and limits. trade-in values vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your trade-in device, and may also vary between online and in-store trade-in. you must be at least 18 years old. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). additional terms from apple or apple’s trade-in partners may apply. trade-in values vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your trade-in device, and may also vary between online and in-store trade-in. you must be at least 18 years old. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). additional terms from apple or apple’s trade-in partners may apply. you are solely responsible for removing all data, including confidential and personal data, from the device prior to shipping. neither apple nor the approved partner accepts any responsibility or liability for any lost files or data. †† we approximate your location from your internet ip address by matching it to a geographic region or from the location entered during your previous visit to apple. apple apple giveback shop and learn open menu close menu mac ipad iphone watch tv music itunes homepod ipod touch accessories gift cards apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple youth programs apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple giveback order status shopping help for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for college for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans & military for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy supplier responsibility account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership job opportunities investors events contact apple more ways to shop: visit an apple store, call 1‑800‑my‑apple, or find a reseller. united states copyright © 2018 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policyterms of usesales and refundslegalsite map close