来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231205543/https://www.apple.com/us/shop/goto/trade_in
================================================================================

apple trade in - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple mac ipad iphone watch tv music support shopping bag + cancel apple trade in turn the device you have into the one you want. trade in your eligible device for credit toward your next purchase, or get an apple store gift card you can use anytime.1 if your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free. no matter the model or condition, we can turn it into something good for you and good for the planet. get credit towards a purchase today. trade in when you buy a new product and we’ll apply the value toward your purchase or recycle your device for free. iphone credit ipad credit mac credit apple watch credit other devices credit your device estimated trade-in value 1 iphone xs max up to $600 iphone xs up to $500 iphone xr up to $370 iphone x up to $400 iphone 8 plus up to $300 iphone 8 up to $220 iphone 7 plus up to $200 iphone 7 up to $150 iphone 6s plus up to $120 iphone 6s up to $100 shop iphone your device estimated trade-in value 1 ipad pro up to $290 ipad up to $140 ipad air up to $100 ipad mini up to $120 shop ipad your device estimated trade-in value 1 macbook pro up to $2530 macbook air up to $670 macbook up to $630 imac pro up to $4240 imac up to $1560 mac pro up to $1700 mac mini up to $230 shop mac your device estimated trade-in value 1 apple watch series 4 up to $110 apple watch series 3 up to $70 apple watch series 2 up to $50 apple watch series 1 up to $30 shop apple watch recycle your device for free. we believe every device has value. although your device doesn’t qualify for trade-in value, just send it to us and we’ll recycle it for free. get credit on an apple store gift card. answer a few questions to find out your device’s trade-in value. then give us your device and we’ll put the value on a gift card you can use anytime. if it’s ready to recycle, we’ll do it for free. a better way to part with your favorite device. you’ll see what it’s worth instantly. just answer a few questions about your device. based on what you tell us, we’ll offer you a competitive trade-in estimate for an apple store gift card or instant credit at an apple store.1 or you’ll have the option to recycle it for free. your data stays safe. before you hand off your device, we’ll show you how to safely back up and wipe your data, so you can keep all your information to yourself.2 if it’s an apple product, it’s even easier. just use icloud or time machine to move everything in a few steps. it goes on to help the planet. you may be done with your device, but chances are it still has more to give. if it’s in good shape, we’ll help it go to a new owner. if not, we’ll send it to our recycling partner, so we can save more precious materials and take less from the earth. and if it’s an iphone, it could even go to daisy, our disassembly robot that can efficiently recover the resources inside. learn about daisy and the environment just mail it out, or bring it in. trading in your device is as easy as buying a new one. we’ll give you a prepaid trade-in kit or shipping label to send it off. or you can bring it to an apple store. we’ll either give you instant credit toward the purchase of a new product or send your device on to our recyclers. find an apple store near you please note: computer trade-in is currently only available online. frequently asked questions what is apple trade in? it’s our trade-in and recycling program that’s good for you and the planet. if your trade-in device is eligible for credit, you can offset the purchase price of a new one. if it’s not eligible for credit, you can recycle it for free. how does it work? whether you’re making a purchase or not, we’ve made it easy to trade in an eligible device either in a store or online. just answer a few questions regarding the brand, model, and condition of your device. we’ll provide an estimated trade-in value or a simple way to recycle it. if you accept the trade-in estimate in the store, we’ll give you instant credit toward a purchase or a gift card you can use anytime. if you accept the trade-in estimate online when you purchase a new mac, iphone, ipad, or apple watch, we’ll arrange for you to send us your old device. once we receive it, we’ll inspect it and verify its condition. if everything checks out, we’ll credit your original purchase method and send you any remaining balance on an apple store gift card via email. if you choose to trade in your old device online for a gift card, we’ll also arrange for you to send it to us. when everything checks out, we’ll send you an apple store gift card via email. regardless of how you choose to trade in, if the condition of your device doesn’t match what you described, a new estimated trade-in value will be provided. you’ll have the option to either accept this revised quote or reject it. if you reject it, your device will be returned to you at no charge. should i choose credit toward a purchase or an apple store gift card? it depends on where and when you make a purchase. if you’re ready to buy a new product at an apple store, you can bring your old device with you. if it’s eligible for trade-in, we’ll apply an instant credit at the time of purchase. the only exception is that mac trade-ins are only available online. if you’re ready to buy a new apple product online (apple.com or the apple store app), you can trade in an old device and get credit toward your purchase. if you’re not ready to make a purchase, you can trade in your old device online for an apple store gift card via email that you can apply to any future apple purchase. and no matter how you use apple trade in, if your device has no trade-in value, you can always recycle it responsibly for free. how long does the online trade-in process take? generally it takes 2–3 weeks. but the sooner you send us your device, the sooner we can verify its condition and process your credit or gift card. recycling a device is much faster. as soon as we email you a prepaid shipping label, just send your device to our recycling partner. if i buy a new device online with a trade-in, what kind of credit will i get? it depends on what you buy and how you pay for it. if you buy an iphone, ipad, mac, or apple watch and pay in full, we’ll apply a credit to your original payment method up to the total purchase price. for any remaining amount, you’ll receive an apple store gift card via email. if you buy an iphone using apple iphone payments and include a trade-in, your estimated trade-in credit will be applied directly to the purchase price of your new iphone. once we receive your trade-in device and confirm that the condition matches what you described, there’s nothing more you need to do. if it doesn’t match, your original payment method will be charged the difference in value. in that case, we’ll work with you to confirm that you still want to move forward with the trade-in. can i see what my device is worth online, then bring it with me when i buy a new device in the store? yes, the apple trade in program is available on apple.com as well as in all our retail stores. the only exception is that mac trade-ins are only available online. however, keep in mind that the trade-in credit you get in the store may be different from the estimated trade-in value you received online. how much will i get for my trade-in? it depends on the device, model, manufacturer, and condition. answer a few questions accurately, and once we receive the device within the specified time frame and verify its condition, you’ll most likely receive the full amount of the estimated refund. keep in mind that we need to receive your device within 14 days of initiating the trade-in, and the condition needs to match what you told us. if the condition of the device is different from what you described, we’ll provide a revised value. you can either accept or reject it. if you accept it, we’ll continue with the trade-in and either charge or credit the difference in value to the card you provided. if you reject it, we’ll cancel the trade-in, return your old device, and charge the original trade-in value to your card. no matter what, we’ll send you email updates about the progress of your trade-in, so you’ll know what’s happening at every step. does apple offer recycling? yes. apple trade in lets you recycle any apple device (including devices from apple-owned brands) at any apple store and on apple.com for free. that includes your batteries and old electronic products as well as free, on-demand packaging recycling for our commercial, education, and institutional customers. when we receive your device it will be thoroughly inspected to determine if components can be recycled or reused. whether recycled or reused, all activities relating to the processing of your device will be managed in an environmentally responsible way. what devices are eligible for trade in with apple trade in? you can trade in apple and third-party devices. many apple and third-party devices are eligible for a trade-in credit or an apple store gift card. and all apple devices are eligible for recycling. either way, give us your used devices and we will handle them responsibly. is there a way to track my trade-in status? if your trade-in will be applied as a credit toward an online purchase, you can track it from your apple store account. if you’re trading in for an apple store gift card, you can track it from here. can i cancel a trade-in? if you haven’t yet shipped your device, you can cancel your trade-in by simply keeping your device. if you’ve already shipped your device, the trade-in can’t be canceled. if you receive a revised trade-in value after the inspection of your device, you can then choose to reject it. do i have to include accessories like chargers and cables? in some cases, your final trade-in value can vary depending on if you send in your power adapter or not. you don’t have to, but you can always send in your chargers and cables, and we will recycle them for you. how do i pack my device for trade-in, and how quickly should i send it to you? follow the instructions included in your trade-in kit. it explains how to prepare, pack, and ship your device. keep in mind that the estimated trade-in value is valid for 14 days, and we encourage you to send the device to us within this time frame to ensure that you get this value. recycled devices should be sent back as soon as possible, at a time that’s convenient for you. how do i pack my device for recycling? devices that contain batteries should be packed in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and industry best practices, which typically include the guidelines below: discharge the unit to less than 30%. do not ship electronics that are disassembled into parts. do not ship electronics with swollen or damaged batteries. for whole units, surround the product with at least 2.5 inches of suitable filler material, such as recycled or reused packaging, before placing inside a corrugated box. ship only one device per box. how do i find the serial number on my apple device? to find your serial number, follow this guide. is my personal data safe? before you send us your device, we’ll tell you how to back up and erase all your data. this ensures that all your personal information is completely removed from your device before you trade it in or recycle it. how do i turn off find my iphone? to turn off find my iphone on your apple device: tap settings. tap icloud. sign in with your apple id, if necessary. turn off find my iphone. to turn off via icloud (if you do not have your physical device), follow this guide. how do i reset my apple device, and what else should i consider before i trade it in? here’s what to do before you trade in your iphone, ipad, or ipod touch. here’s what to do before you trade in your mac. here’s what to do before you trade in your apple watch. according to an email, my gift card or my credit was issued, but i haven’t received it. what do i do? reach out to one of our specialists via chat (opens in a new window) or call 1-800-my-apple. do i have to provide proof of purchase for the device i trade in? no, there is no proof of purchase required to trade in a device with apple trade in. why am i not able to pay monthly after my trade-in? if the net price of your new iphone is less than $239 after trading in your existing smartphone, you will not be offered the option to pay monthly. you will, however, be able to continue your transaction and pay in full for the remaining amount due. more ways to recycle we offer recycling of apple products throughout the united states. please click here to get started. for more information about recycling programs in the following states, click the links below: california connecticut hawaii illinois indiana maine maryland michigan minnesota new jersey new york north carolina oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina texas utah vermont virginia & va ewaste report washington washington dc west virginia wisconsin independent recycling professionals can obtain removal instructions for the battery and other components that require selective treatment by calling apple support. trade-in values vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your trade-in device, and may also vary between online and in-store trade-in. you must be at least 18 years old. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade-in transaction for any reason. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). additional terms from apple or apple’s trade-in partners may apply. you are solely responsible for removing all data, including confidential and personal data, from the device prior to shipping. neither apple nor the approved partner accepts any responsibility or liability for any lost files or data. * trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your trade-in device. additional trade‑in values for iphone require purchase of a new iphone, subject to availability and limits. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple store gift card. not all devices are eligible for credit. more details are available from apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. payments are based on the received device matching the description you provided when your estimate was made. apple reserves the right to refuse or limit the quantity of any device for any reason. in the apple store: offer only available on presentation of a valid photo id. value of your current device may be applied towards purchase of a new apple device. offer may not be available in all stores. some stores may have additional requirements. †† we approximate your location from your internet ip address by matching it to a geographic region or from the location entered during your previous visit to apple. apple apple trade in shop and learn open menu close menu mac ipad iphone apple watch tv music itunes homepod ipod touch apple card accessories gift cards apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple youth programs apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for college for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans & military for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy supplier responsibility account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership job opportunities investors events contact apple more ways to shop: visit an apple store, call 1‑800‑my‑apple, or find a reseller. united states copyright © 2019 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policyterms of usesales and refundslegalsite map close