来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231235524/https://www.apple.com/us/shop/goto/trade_in
================================================================================

apple trade in - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple mac ipad iphone watch tv music support shopping bag + cancel apple trade in turn the device you have into the one you want. trade in your eligible device for credit toward your next purchase, or get an apple gift card you can use anytime.1 if your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free. no matter the model or condition, we can turn it into something good for you and good for the planet. get credit toward a purchase today. trade in when you buy a new product and we’ll apply the value toward your purchase or recycle your device for free. iphone credit ipad credit mac credit apple watch credit android credit other devices credit your device estimated trade-in value* iphone 11 pro max up to $500 iphone 11 pro up to $450 iphone 11 up to $350 iphone xs max up to $370 iphone xs up to $300 iphone xr up to $250 iphone x up to $250 iphone 8 plus up to $210 iphone 8 up to $140 iphone 7 plus up to $140 iphone 7 up to $100 iphone 6s plus up to $80 iphone 6s up to $60 iphone 6 plus up to $50 iphone 6 up to $30 iphone se (2nd generation) up to $210 iphone se (1st generation) up to $30 shop for your new iphone and get trade-in credit toward your purchase. iphone 12 pro buy learn more about iphone 12 pro iphone 12 buy learn more about iphone 12 need help choosing? compare iphone models your device estimated trade-in value* ipad pro up to $525 ipad up to $240 ipad air up to $250 ipad mini up to $205 shop ipad your device estimated trade-in value* macbook pro up to $1530 macbook air up to $630 macbook up to $380 imac pro up to $3040 imac up to $1180 mac pro up to $2930 mac mini up to $830 shop mac your device estimated trade-in value* apple watch series 5 up to $190 apple watch series 4 up to $150 apple watch series 3 up to $95 apple watch series 2 up to $60 apple watch series 1 up to $35 shop apple watch your device estimated trade-in value* samsung galaxy s20+ up to $360 samsung galaxy s20 up to $255 samsung galaxy s10+ up to $230 samsung galaxy s10 up to $180 samsung galaxy s10e up to $155 samsung galaxy s9+ up to $105 samsung galaxy s9 up to $85 samsung galaxy s8+ up to $70 samsung galaxy s8 up to $55 samsung note 10 up to $285 samsung note 9 up to $150 samsung note 8 up to $85 google pixel 4 xl up to $260 google pixel 4 up to $215 google pixel 3 xl up to $100 google pixel 3 up to $80 google pixel 3a up to $60 google pixel 2 xl up to $40 google pixel 2 up to $40 shop iphone recycle your device for free. we believe every device has value. although your device doesn’t qualify for trade-in value, just send it to us and we’ll recycle it for free. get credit on an apple gift card. answer a few questions to find out your device’s trade-in value. then give us your device and we’ll put the value on a gift card you can use anytime. if it’s ready to recycle, we’ll do it for free. a better way to part with your favorite device. you’ll see what it’s worth instantly. just answer a few questions about your device. based on what you tell us, we’ll offer you a competitive trade-in estimate for an apple gift card or instant credit at an apple store.1 or you’ll have the option to recycle it for free. your data stays safe. before you hand off your device, we’ll show you how to safely back up and wipe your data, so you can keep all your information to yourself.2 if it’s an apple product, it’s even easier. just use icloud or time machine to move everything in a few steps. it goes on to help the planet. you may be done with your device, but chances are it still has more to give. if it’s in good shape, we’ll help it go to a new owner. if not, we’ll send it to our recycling partner, so we can save more precious materials and take less from the earth. and if it’s an iphone, it could even go to daisy, our disassembly robot that can efficiently recover the resources inside. learn about daisy and the environment just mail it out, or bring it in. trading in your device is as easy as buying a new one. we’ll give you a prepaid trade-in kit or shipping label to send it off. or you can bring it to an apple store. we’ll either give you instant credit toward the purchase of a new product or send your device on to our recyclers. find an apple store near you frequently asked questions what is apple trade in? it’s our trade-in and recycling program that’s good for you and the planet. if your trade-in device is eligible for credit, you can offset the purchase price of a new one. if it’s not eligible for credit, you can recycle it for free. how does it work? whether you’re making a purchase or not, we’ve made it easy to trade in an eligible device either in a store or online. just answer a few questions regarding the brand, model, and condition of your device. we’ll provide an estimated trade-in value or a simple way to recycle it. if you accept the trade-in estimate in the store, we’ll give you instant credit toward a purchase or a gift card you can use anytime. if you accept the trade-in estimate online when you purchase a new mac, iphone, ipad, or apple watch, we’ll arrange for you to send us your old device. once we receive it, we’ll inspect it and verify its condition. if everything checks out, we’ll credit your original purchase method and send you any remaining balance on an apple gift card by email. if you choose to trade in your old device online for a gift card, we’ll also arrange for you to send it to us. when everything checks out, we’ll send you an apple gift card by email. regardless of how you choose to trade in, if the condition of your device doesn’t match what you described, a new estimated trade-in value will be provided. you’ll have the option to either accept this revised quote or reject it. if you reject it, your device will be returned to you at no charge. should i choose credit toward a purchase or an apple gift card? it depends on where and when you make a purchase. if you’re ready to buy a new product at an apple store, you can bring your old device with you. if it’s eligible for trade-in, we’ll apply an instant credit at the time of purchase. the only exception is that mac trade-ins are only available online. if you’re ready to buy a new apple product online (apple.com or the apple store app), you can trade in an old device and get credit toward your purchase. if you’re not ready to make a purchase, you can trade in your old device online for an apple gift card by email that you can apply to any future apple purchase. and no matter how you use apple trade in, if your device has no trade-in value, you can always recycle it responsibly for free. how long does the online trade-in process take? generally it takes 2–3 weeks. but the sooner you send us your device, the sooner we can verify its condition and process your credit or gift card. recycling a device is much faster. as soon as we email you a prepaid shipping label, just send your device to our recycling partner. if i buy a new device online with a trade-in, what kind of credit will i get? it depends on what you buy and how you pay for it. if you buy an iphone, ipad, mac, or apple watch and pay in full, we’ll apply a credit to your original payment method up to the total purchase price. for any remaining amount, you’ll receive an apple gift card by email. if you buy an iphone using apple card monthly installments, apple iphone payments, or the verizon device payment program and include a trade-in, your estimated trade-in credit will be applied directly to the purchase price of your new iphone. once we receive your trade-in device and confirm that the condition matches what you described, there’s nothing more you need to do. if it doesn’t match, your original payment method will be charged the difference in value. in that case, we’ll work with you to confirm that you still want to move forward with the trade-in. can i see what my device is worth online, then bring it with me when i buy a new device in the store? yes, the apple trade in program is available on apple.com as well as in all our retail stores. however, keep in mind that the trade-in credit you get in the store may be different from the estimated trade-in value you received online. how much will i get for my trade-in? it depends on the device, model, manufacturer, and condition. answer a few questions accurately, and once we receive the device within the specified time frame and verify its condition, you’ll most likely receive the full amount of the estimated refund. keep in mind that we need to receive your device within 14 days of initiating the trade-in, and the condition needs to match what you told us. if the condition of the device is different from what you described, we’ll provide a revised value. you can either accept or reject it. if you accept it, we’ll continue with the trade-in and either charge or credit the difference in value to the card you provided. if you reject it, we’ll cancel the trade-in, return your old device, and charge the original trade-in value to your card. no matter what, we’ll send you email updates about the progress of your trade-in, so you’ll know what’s happening at every step. does apple offer recycling? yes. apple trade in lets you recycle any apple device (including devices from apple-owned brands) at any apple store and on apple.com for free. that includes your batteries and old electronic products as well as free, on-demand packaging recycling for our commercial, education, and institutional customers. when we receive your device, it will be thoroughly inspected to determine if components can be recycled or reused. whether recycled or reused, all activities relating to the processing of your device will be managed in an environmentally responsible way. what devices are eligible for trade-in with apple trade in? you can trade in apple and third-party devices. many apple and third-party devices are eligible for a trade-in credit or an apple gift card. and all apple devices are eligible for recycling. either way, give us your used devices and we will handle them responsibly. can i trade in my current device when i join the iphone upgrade program? if you are not already participating in the iphone upgrade program, you can trade in your eligible device at an apple store for credit toward your subsequent purchase as part of the iphone upgrade program. if you are currently a member of the iphone upgrade program and wish to remain in the program, please do not proceed with apple trade in. after you upgrade and receive your new iphone, we’ll arrange for you to trade in your old one. if you do continue with apple trade in, you will be responsible for both your outstanding iphone upgrade program loan and the purchase price of any new iphone you purchase through apple trade in. is there a way to track my trade-in status? if your trade-in will be applied as a credit toward an online purchase, you can track it from your apple store account. if you’re trading in for an apple gift card, you can track it here. can i cancel a trade-in? if you haven’t yet shipped your device, you can cancel your trade-in by simply keeping your device. if you’ve already shipped your device, the trade-in can’t be cancelled. if you receive a revised trade-in value after the inspection of your device, you can then choose to reject it. do i have to include accessories like chargers and cables? in some cases, your final trade-in value can vary depending on if you send in your power adapter or not. you don’t have to, but you can always send in your chargers and cables, and we will recycle them for you. can i trade in a device at an apple store? yes, apple trade in is available on apple.com as well as in all our retail stores. how do i pack my device for trade-in, and how quickly should i send it to you? follow the instructions included in your trade-in kit. it explains how to prepare, pack, and ship your device. keep in mind that the estimated trade-in value is valid for 14 days, and we encourage you to send the device to us within this time frame to ensure that you get this value. recycled devices should be sent back as soon as possible, at a time that’s convenient for you. how do i pack my device for recycling? devices that contain batteries should be packed in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and industry best practices, which typically include the guidelines below: discharge the unit to less than 30%. do not ship electronics that are disassembled into parts. do not ship electronics with swollen or damaged batteries. for whole units, surround the product with at least 2.5 inches of suitable filler material, such as recycled or reused packaging, before placing inside a corrugated box. ship only one device per box. how do i find the serial number on my apple device? to find your serial number, follow this guide. is my personal data safe? before you send us your device, we’ll tell you how to back up and erase all your data. this ensures that all your personal information is completely removed from your device before you trade it in or recycle it. how do i turn off find my iphone? to turn off find my iphone on your apple device: tap settings. tap icloud. sign in with your apple id, if necessary. turn off find my iphone. to turn off via icloud (if you do not have your physical device), follow this guide. how do i reset my apple device, and what else should i consider before i trade it in? here’s what to do before you trade in your iphone, ipad, or ipod touch. here’s what to do before you trade in your mac. here’s what to do before you trade in your apple watch. according to an email, my gift card or my credit was issued, but i haven’t received it. what do i do? reach out to one of our specialists via chat (opens in a new window) or call 1-800-my-apple. do i have to provide proof of purchase for the device i trade in? no, there is no proof of purchase required to trade in a device with apple trade in. why am i not able to pay monthly after my trade-in? if the net price of your new iphone is less than $99 after trading in your existing smartphone, you will not be offered the option to pay monthly. you will, however, be able to continue your transaction and pay in full for the remaining amount due. more ways to recycle for more information about recycling programs in the following states, click the links below: california connecticut hawaii illinois indiana maine maryland* michigan minnesota new jersey new york** north carolina oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina texas utah vermont virginia & va ewaste report washington washington dc west virginia wisconsin * residents of maryland may request packaging to recycle their devices by calling (877) 278-0799 (6am-4:30pm cst). ** residents of new york may request packaging to recycle their devices by calling (877) 278-0799 (6am-4:30pm cst). collection/drop-off locations in new york can be found at https://urtsolutions.com/locations/ independent recycling professionals can obtain removal instructions for the battery and other components that require selective treatment by calling apple support. close * trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your trade-in device. additional trade‑in values for iphone require purchase of a new iphone, subject to availability and limits. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. not all devices are eligible for credit. more details are available from apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. payments are based on the received device matching the description you provided when your estimate was made. apple reserves the right to refuse or limit the quantity of any device for any reason. in the apple store: offer only available on presentation of a valid photo id. value of your current device may be applied toward purchase of a new apple device. offer may not be available in all stores. some stores may have additional requirements. trade-in values vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your trade-in device, and may also vary between online and in-store trade-in. you must be at least 18 years old. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade-in transaction for any reason. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). additional terms from apple or apple’s trade-in partners may apply. you are solely responsible for removing all data, including confidential and personal data, from the device prior to shipping. neither apple nor the approved partner accepts any responsibility or liability for any lost files or data. †† we approximate your location from your internet ip address by matching it to a geographic region or from the location entered during your previous visit to apple. apple apple trade in shop and learn open menusection-one close menusection-one mac ipad iphone apple watch tv music itunes homepod ipod touch apple card accessories gift cards apple store open menusection-two close menusection-two find a store shop online genius bar today at apple youth programs apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for education open menusection-three-0 close menusection-three-0 apple and education shop for college for business open menusection-three-1 close menusection-three-1 apple and business shop for business government open menusection-three-2 close menusection-three-2 shop for government shop for veterans & military for healthcare open menusection-four-0 close menusection-four-0 apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone apple values open menusection-four-1 close menusection-four-1 accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy supplier responsibility account open menusection-five-0 close menusection-five-0 manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com about apple open menusection-five-1 close menusection-five-1 newsroom apple leadership job opportunities investors events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1‑800‑my‑apple. united states copyright © 2021 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policyterms of usesales and refundslegalsite map close