来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231223259/https://www.apple.com/apple-card/
================================================================================

apple card - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel apple card local nav open menu local nav close menu overview features family monthly installments how-to videos apply now apple card apply now save 5% on apple products with a new apple card through january 31. only at apple. exclusions and terms apply.† learn more the simplicity of apple. in a credit card. with apple card, we completely reinvented the credit card. your information lives on your iphone, beautifully laid out and easy to understand. we eliminated fees1 and built tools to help you pay less interest, and you can apply in minutes to see if you are approved with no impact to your credit score.2 advanced technologies like face id, touch id, and apple pay give you a new level of privacy and security. and with every purchase you get daily cash back. apple card. it’s everything a credit card should be. created by apple.powered by iphone. open to read more about built for iphone built for iphone apple card lives on your iphone, in the wallet app. you can sign up in as little as a minute and start using it right away with apple pay.3 your transactions, payments, and account details are all in one place, where only you can see them.4 you even make your payments right in the wallet app — just select your amount, tap, and it’s done. close no fees. not even hidden ones. open to read more about no fees no fees we want to make it easier to pay down your balance, not harder. so apple card doesn’t have any fees. no annual, over-the-limit, foreign-transaction, or late fees.5 no fees. really. and our goal is to provide interest rates that are among the lowest in the industry. because your credit card should work for you, not against you. close the first credit card that actually encourages you to pay less interest. open to read more about pay less interest pay less interest most credit cards emphasize your minimum amount due. but when you pay only your minimum each month, it costs you a lot in interest over time. apple card is different. when you’re ready to make a payment, apple card estimates the interest you’ll wind up paying, based on any payment amount you choose.6 and it does that in real time, so you can make an informed decision about how much of your balance to pay down. close unlimiteddaily cash back. real cash you can use right away.7 open to read more about unlimited daily cash unlimited daily cash when you buy something using apple card, you get a percentage of your purchase back in daily cash. it’s real cash, so unlike rewards, it never expires or loses its value. your cash is deposited right onto your apple cash card in the wallet app — not a month from now, but every day. and there’s no limit to how much you can get. use it to buy things in stores, on websites, and in apps. make a payment on your apple card. pay back a friend in messages. or send it straight to your bank account and watch it add up. close get 3% daily cash back when you shop at apple. open to read more about 3% daily cash at apple 3% daily cash at apple apple card gives you unlimited 3% daily cash back on everything you buy at apple — whether it’s a new mac, an iphone case, games from the app store, or even a service like apple music or apple tv+. close get 2%daily cashback when you use your iphoneor apple watch to paywith apple card. open to read more about 2% daily cash 2% daily cash the best way to use apple card is with apple pay — the secure payment technology built into iphone, apple watch, ipad, and mac and accepted at 85 percent of merchants in the united states. apple pay is a safer way to pay that helps you avoid touching buttons or exchanging cash. and with every purchase you make using your apple card with apple pay, you get 2% daily cash back. no points to calculate. no limits or deadlines. just real cash that’s ready to spend whenever, wherever, and however you want. close shop with select merchants and get even more daily cash. open to read more about 3% daily cash 3% daily cash apple card gives you unlimited 3% daily cash back on purchases you make at select merchants when you use apple card with apple pay.◊ duane reade exxon mobil nike panera bread t-mobile uber uber eats walgreens close apple card family healthy finances.family style. open to read more about apple card family apple card family apple card family brings all the great features and benefits of apple card to your entire family — whether that’s your immediate family, extended family, or whoever you call family.8 it allows two partners to merge credit lines9 to form a single co-owned account10, manage that account together, and build credit as equals.11 participants12 18 and older can choose to start building their own credit history,13 and teens can learn better spending habits. and, family members receive daily cash back on their own purchases.14 learn more about apple card family close goodbye, plastic.hello, titanium. open to read more about titanium card titanium card with laser etching and clean styling, apple card is designed with the same craftsmanship we bring to all our products. and it’s the only credit card made of titanium — a sustainable metal known for its beauty and durability. when you use the card, you’ll get 1% daily cash back on every purchase. since mastercard is our global payment network, you can use it all over the world. for apps and websites that don’t take apple pay yet, just enter the virtual card number stored securely in your wallet app. and when you’re using safari, it even autofills for you. close privacy and security your card. your data. your business. open to read more about privacy and security privacy and security apple takes your privacy and security seriously. it’s not just a philosophy, it’s built into all our products. and apple card is no different. with advanced security technologies like face id, touch id, and unique transaction codes, apple card with apple pay is designed to make sure you’re the only one who can use it. the titanium card has no visible numbers. not on the front. not on the back. which gives you a whole new level of security. and while goldman sachs uses your data to operate apple card, your transaction history and spending habits belong to you and you alone. your data isn’t shared or sold to third parties for marketing or advertising. close pay for yournew apple products over time,interest‑free when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.* open to read more about apple card monthly installments apple card monthly installments you can buy a new mac, iphone, ipad, apple watch, and more with interest-free monthly payments on purchases at apple. just choose apple card monthly installments and then check out. your installment automatically appears on your apple card statement alongside your everyday apple card purchases in the wallet app. if you have an eligible device to trade in, you’ll pay even less per month.15 and you’ll get 3% daily cash back on the purchase price of each product, all up front. if you have apple card already, there’s no additional application. if you don’t, you can apply in as little as a minute during checkout, from the privacy of your iphone. learn more about apple card monthly installments close tools to helpyou makefinanciallyhealthychoices. open to read more about financial health financial health to see how much you’re spending, there’s no need to log in to a separate website or app. your totals are automatically added up in the wallet app, ready to view by week or by month. color-coded categories make it easy to spot trends in your spending so you can decide if you want to change them. and apple card uses maps to pinpoint where you bought something.16 no mysterious merchant codes. no guessing. learn more about credit limits, interest rates, and our commitment to your financial health close trusted partners for a different kind of credit card. open to read more about partnerships partnerships to create apple card, we needed an issuing bank and a global payment network. apple card is the first consumer credit card goldman sachs has issued, and they were open to doing things in a new way. and the strength of the mastercard network means apple card is accepted all over the world. close get a new apple card and save even more on apple products. only at apple. shop in stores, online, or on the apple store app to get daily cash back. get 5% daily cash back when you pay in full. apply today and save on iphone, ipad, apple watch, mac, and more through january 31. purchases made with apple card monthly installments are excluded. additional exclusions and terms apply.† or get 3% daily cash back when you pay over time. get 3% daily cash back when you use apple card and select a payment plan like apple card monthly installments during checkout. apply now learn more about apple card get started with apple card. apply in minutes to see if you are approved with no impact to your credit score.** apply now wallet all your credit and debit cards,transit cards, boarding passes,and more. all in one place. learn more apple pay the safer way to make secure, contactless purchases in stores and online. learn more apple cash use it to send and receive money in messages and wherever apple pay is accepted. learn more apple footer † the following purchases with apple card are ineligible to earn 5% back: monthly financing through apple card monthly installments, apple iphone payments, the iphone upgrade program, and wireless carrier financing plans; apple media services; applecare+ monthly payments. subject to credit approval. valid only on qualifying purchases in u.s. for new apple card customers who open an account and use it from 12/26/21 to 1/31/22 at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1-800-my-apple. accounts opened before 12/26/21 or after 1/31/22 do not qualify. new apple card users added to an apple card family account opened during offer period can earn 5% back on their own purchases. not valid for existing apple card users who merge their apple card accounts to become co-owners. 5% is total amount of daily cash that can be earned for qualifying apple purchases using apple card. returning qualified items that were purchased during offer period may impact your cash back. 5% savings is earned as daily cash and transferred to your apple cash card when transactions post to your apple card account. if you do not have an apple cash card, daily cash can be applied by you as a credit on your statement balance. see the apple card customer agreement for more details on daily cash and qualifying transactions. changes to your account status during offer period may delay the fulfillment of your daily cash bonus. * apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option available to select at checkout for certain apple products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1-800-my-apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see https://support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for more information about eligible products. variable aprs for apple card other than acmi range from 10.99% to 21.99% based on creditworthiness. rates as of april 1, 2020. if you choose the pay-in-full or one-time-payment option for an acmi eligible purchase instead of choosing acmi as the payment option at checkout, that purchase will be subject to the variable apr assigned to your apple card. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card’s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government, and veterans and military purchase programs, or on refurbished devices. iphone activation required on iphone purchases made at an apple store with one of these national carriers: at&t, sprint, verizon, or t-mobile. ** accepting an apple card after your application is approved will result in a hard inquiry, which may impact your credit score. ◊ merchant offers may change at any time. nike: 3% daily cash is not available at nike-branded stores outside the united states. panera bread: 3% daily cash is not available at panera locations outside the u.s. and excludes online gift card purchases and orders made on third‑party apps. walgreens: 3% daily cash is not available at sprint express and independent health service providers, including walgreens optical and walgreens hearing, or for orders made on third‑party delivery apps. t-mobile: 3% daily cash is available for purchases using apple card with apple pay in t‑mobile u.s. stores, and bill payments and autopay on t‑mobile.com and in the t‑mobile app. authorized t‑mobile dealers are not eligible for 3% daily cash and can be found on t‑mobile.com/store-locator. sprint account payments, and purchases made through any sprint checkout, including those at t‑mobile u.s. stores, are not eligible for 3% daily cash. exxon mobil: 3% daily cash is available in the united states when using apple card with apple pay (where available) at exxon- or mobil-branded pumps and attached convenience stores. to pay at the pump with apple pay, use either exxon mobil rewards+ mobile app or contactless payment. excludes purchases at third-party merchants, including independent car washes, located within an exxon- or mobil-branded location or the attached convenience store. variable aprs range from 10.99% to 21.99% based on creditworthiness. rates as of april 1, 2020. accepting an apple card after your application is approved will result in a hard inquiry, which may impact your credit score. subject to credit approval. apple card family co-owners will have full visibility into each other’s account activity, and owners will have visibility into all participant account activity. late or missed payments will result in additional interest accumulating toward your balance. interest estimates are based on your posted account balance at the time of the estimate and do not include pending transactions or any other purchases you may make before the end of the billing period. an apple cash card is required. the apple cash card is issued by green dot bank, member fdic. see apple.com/apple-pay for more information. if you do not have an apple cash account, daily cash can be applied by you as a credit on your statement balance. daily cash is subject to exclusions, and additional details apply. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. apple card family participants and co-owners do not need to have a familial relationship, but must be part of the same apple family sharing group. credit limits can only be combined when an existing apple card customer requests to share merge their account with another existing apple card customer. merging existing accounts is subject to credit approval and general eligibility requirements. each co-owner is individually liable for all balances on the co-owned apple card including amounts due on your co-owner’s account before the accounts are merged. each co-owner will be reported to credit bureaus as an owner on the account. in addition, co-owners will have full visibility into all account activity and each co-owner is responsible for the other co-owner’s instructions or requests. co-ownership involves risk, including payment history and other information about your apple card, including negative items like missed payments. addition of new co-owner or merging existing accounts is subject to credit approval and general eligibility requirements. for apple card eligibility requirements, see https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht209218. either co-owner can close the account at any time which may negatively impact your credit and you will still be responsible for paying all balances on the account. for details on account sharing options including some of the risks and benefits, see https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht212020. building credit “equally” means that the payment history and other information about your apple card will be reported to credit bureaus for each co-owner. each co-owner is individually liable for all balances on the co-owned apple card and each will be reported to credit bureaus as an owner on the account. credit reporting includes payment history and other information about your apple card, including negative items like missed payments. card usage and payment history may impact each co-owners credit score differently because each individual’s credit history will include information that is unique to them. either co-owner can close the account at any time but you will still be responsible for paying all balances on the account. for details on account sharing options including some of the risks and benefits, see https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht212020. if you are a participant, you are able to spend on the account, but are not responsible for payments. being a participant who is reported to the credit bureaus on an account that has a negative payment history (e.g. the account goes past due) or is over utilized can have negative effects on your credit. the account owner remains responsible for all purchases made by a participant. for more details including some risks and benefits of being a participant, see https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht212271. if you are a participant, you are able to spend on the account, but are not responsible for payments. being a participant who is reported to the credit bureaus on an account that has a negative payment history (e.g. the account goes past due) or is over utilized can have negative effects on your credit. for details on credit reporting, see https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht212020. for more details including some risks and benefits of being a participant, see https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht212271. an apple cash card is required. participants under 18 on apple card family accounts must have the family organizer of their apple cash family set up their own apple cash card. if you do not have an apple cash account, daily cash can be applied as a credit on account owner’s statement balance by contacting goldman sachs bank usa. the apple cash card is issued by green dot bank, member fdic. trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. some transactions may not be displayed in maps. to access and use all the features of apple card, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad with the latest version of ios or ipados. update to the latest version by going to settings > general > software update. tap download and install. software is subject to change. learn more about how apple card applications are evaluated at support.apple.com/kb/ht209218. available for qualifying applicants in the united states. apple card is issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch.  apple apple card shop and learn open menu close menu store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home ipod touch airtag accessories gift cards services open menu close menu apple music apple tv+ apple fitness+ apple news+ apple arcade icloud apple one apple card apple books apple podcasts app store account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright © 2021 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map