来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231223259/https://www.apple.com/us/shop/goto/trade_in
================================================================================

apple trade in - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel apple trade in turn the device you have into the one you want. it’s easy to trade in your eligible device for credit toward your next purchase, or get an apple gift card you can use anytime.footnote 1 if your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free. no matter the model or condition, we can turn it into something good for you and good for the planet. get credit toward a purchase today. trade in when you buy a new product and we’ll apply the value toward your purchase or recycle your device for free. trading in has never been easier. see how much your device is worth and save on a new one. we’ll give you a quote for what your current device is worth online or in a store. choose a new one that’s right for you and apply your credit toward that device. easily transfer your data. when you get your new device, follow a few simple steps to safely transfer over your data and wipe the information from your current one.footnote2 and with ios 15, you’ll have temporary access to all the icloud storage you need to back up and transfer all your apps and data to your new device. here’s how to prep your: iphone or ipad data transfer apple watch data transfer mac data transfer just mail it out, or bring it in. return it to us using the prepaid trade-in kit we send you. or trade in at an apple store. find a store near you trade in and get apple gift card credit — even without a purchase. not ready for a new device? you can still trade in a current one. we’ll put the value on a gift card you can use to shop for apple products and services. it goes on to help the planet. you may be done with your device, but chances are it still has more to give. if it’s in good shape, we’ll help it go to a new owner, diverting electronic waste from landfills. if not, we’ll send it to our recycling partner, so we can save more precious materials and take less from the earth. and if it’s an iphone, it could even go to daisy, our disassembly robot that can efficiently recover the resources inside. learn about daisy and the environment frequently asked questions what is apple trade in? it’s our trade-in and recycling program that’s good for you and the planet. if your trade-in device is eligible for credit, you can offset the purchase price of a new one. if it’s not eligible for credit, you can recycle it for free. how does it work? whether you’re making a purchase or not, we’ve made it easy to trade in an eligible device either in a store or online. just answer a few questions regarding the brand, model, and condition of your device. we’ll provide an estimated trade-in value or a simple way to recycle it. if you accept the trade-in estimate in the store, we’ll give you instant credit toward a purchase or a gift card you can use anytime. if you accept the trade-in estimate online when you purchase a new mac, iphone, ipad, or apple watch, we’ll arrange for you to send us your current device. once we receive it, we’ll inspect it and verify its condition. if everything checks out, we’ll credit your original purchase method and send you any remaining balance on an apple gift card via email. if you choose to trade in your current device online for a gift card, we’ll also arrange for you to send it to us. when everything checks out, we’ll send you an apple gift card via email. regardless of how you choose to trade in, if the condition of your device doesn’t match what you described, a new estimated trade-in value will be provided. you’ll have the option to either accept this revised quote or reject it. if you reject it, your device will be returned to you at no charge. should i choose credit toward a purchase or an apple store gift card? it depends on where and when you make a purchase. if you’re ready to buy a new product at an apple store, you can bring your old device with you. if it’s eligible for trade-in, we’ll apply an instant credit at the time of purchase. if you’re ready to buy a new apple product online (apple.com (opens in a new window) or the apple store app), you can trade in an old device and get credit toward your purchase. if you’re not ready to make a purchase, you can trade in your old device online for an apple gift card via email that you can apply to any future apple purchase. and no matter how you use apple trade in, if your device has no trade-in value, you can always recycle it responsibly for free. how long does the online trade-in process take? generally it takes 2–3 weeks. but the sooner we receive your device, the sooner we can verify its condition and process your credit or gift card. recycling a device is much faster. as soon as we email you a prepaid shipping label, just send your device to our recycling partner. if i buy a new device online with a trade-in, what kind of credit will i get? it depends on what you buy and how you pay for it. if you buy an iphone, ipad, mac, or apple watch and pay in full, we’ll apply a credit to your original payment method up to the total purchase price. for any remaining amount, you’ll receive an apple gift card via email. if you buy an iphone using apple card monthly installments, apple iphone payments, or the verizon device payment program and include a trade-in, your estimated trade-in credit will be applied directly to the purchase price of your new iphone. once we receive your trade-in device and confirm that the condition matches what you described, there’s nothing more you need to do. if it doesn’t match, your original payment method will be charged the difference in value. in that case, we’ll work with you to confirm that you still want to move forward with the trade-in. can i see what my device is worth online, then bring it with me when i buy a new device in the store? yes, the apple trade in program is available on apple.com (opens in a new window) as well as in all our retail stores. however, keep in mind that the trade-in credit you get in the store may be different from the estimated trade-in value you received online. how much will i get for my trade-in? it depends on the device, model, manufacturer, and condition. answer a few questions accurately, and once we receive the device within the specified time frame and verify its condition, you’ll most likely receive the full amount of the estimated refund. keep in mind that we need to receive your device within 14 days of initiating the trade-in, and the condition needs to match what you told us. if the condition of the device is different from what you described, we’ll provide a revised value. you can either accept or reject it. if you accept it, we’ll continue with the trade-in and either charge or credit the difference in value to the card you provided. if you reject it, we’ll cancel the trade-in, return your current device, and charge the original trade-in value to your card. no matter what, we’ll send you email updates about the progress of your trade-in, so you’ll know what’s happening at every step. does apple offer recycling? yes. apple trade in lets you recycle any apple device (including devices from apple-owned brands) at any apple store and on apple.com(opens in a new window) for free. that includes your batteries and old electronic products as well as free, on-demand packaging recycling for our commercial, education, and institutional customers. when we receive your device, it will be thoroughly inspected to determine if components can be recycled or reused. whether recycled or reused, all activities relating to the processing of your device will be managed in an environmentally responsible way. what devices are eligible for trade-in with apple trade in? you can trade in apple and third-party devices. many apple and third-party devices are eligible for a trade-in credit or an apple gift card. and all apple devices are eligible for recycling. either way, give us your used devices and we will handle them responsibly. can i trade in my current device when i join the iphone upgrade program? if you are not already participating in the iphone upgrade program, you can trade in your eligible device at an apple store for credit toward your subsequent purchase as part of the iphone upgrade program. if you are currently a member of the iphone upgrade program and wish to remain in the program, please do not proceed with apple trade in. after you upgrade and receive your new iphone, we’ll arrange for you to trade in your old one. if you do continue with apple trade in, you will be responsible for both your outstanding iphone upgrade program loan and the purchase price of any new iphone you purchase through apple trade in. is there a way to track my trade-in status? if your trade-in will be applied as a credit toward an online purchase, you can track it from your apple store account. if you’re trading in for an apple gift card, you can track it here (opens in a new window). can i cancel a trade-in? if you haven’t dropped off or shipped your device, you can cancel your trade-in by simply keeping your device. if you’ve already sent us your device, the trade-in can’t be cancelled. if you receive a revised trade-in value after the inspection of your device which is lower than your originally quoted value, you can then choose to reject it. do i have to include accessories like chargers and cables? no, you do not need to include accessories. if you choose to include any, we will recycle them for you. can i trade in a device at an apple store? yes, apple trade in is available on apple.com as well as in all our retail stores. how do i pack my device for trade-in with a trade-in kit, and how quickly should i send it to you? follow the instructions included in your trade-in kit. it explains how to prepare, pack, and ship your device. keep in mind that the estimated trade-in value is valid for 14 days, and we encourage you to send the device to us within this time frame to ensure that you get this value. recycled devices should be sent back as soon as possible, at a time that’s convenient for you. how do i pack my device for recycling? devices that contain batteries should be packed in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and industry best practices, which typically include the guidelines below: discharge the unit to less than 30%. do not ship electronics that are disassembled into parts. do not ship electronics with swollen or damaged batteries. for whole units, surround the product with at least 2.5 inches of suitable filler material, such as recycled or reused packaging, before placing inside a corrugated box. ship only one device per box. how do i find the serial number on my apple device? to find your serial number, follow this guide(opens in a new window). is my personal data safe? before you send us your device, we’ll tell you how to back up and erase all of your data. this will ensure that all of your personal information is completely removed from your device before you trade it in or recycle it. how do i turn off find my iphone? to turn off find my iphone on your apple device: tap settings. tap icloud. sign in with your apple id, if necessary. turn off find my iphone. to turn off via icloud (if you do not have your physical device), follow this guide(opens in a new window). how do i reset my apple device, and what else should i consider before i trade it in? here’s what to do before you trade in your iphone, ipad, or ipod touch(opens in a new window). here’s what to do before you trade in your mac(opens in a new window). here’s what to do before you trade in your apple watch(opens in a new window). according to an email, my gift card or my credit was issued, but i haven’t received it. what do i do? reach out to one of our specialists via chat (opens in a new window) or call 1-800-my-apple. do i have to provide proof of purchase for the device i trade in? no, there is no proof of purchase required to trade in a device with apple trade in. why am i not able to pay monthly after my trade-in? if the net price of your new iphone is less than $99 after trading in your existing smartphone, you will not be offered the option to pay monthly. you will, however, be able to continue your transaction and pay in full for the remaining amount due. trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. you are solely responsible for removing all data, including confidential and personal data, from the device prior to shipping. neither apple nor the approved partner accepts any responsibility or liability for any lost files or data. †† we approximate your location from your internet ip address by matching it to a geographic region or from the location entered during your previous visit to apple. apple apple trade in shop and learn open menusection-one close menusection-one mac ipad iphone apple watch tv music itunes homepod ipod touch apple card accessories gift cards apple store open menusection-two close menusection-two find a store shop online genius bar today at apple youth programs apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for education open menusection-three-0 close menusection-three-0 apple and education shop for college for business open menusection-three-1 close menusection-three-1 apple and business shop for business government open menusection-three-2 close menusection-three-2 shop for government shop for veterans & military for healthcare open menusection-four-0 close menusection-four-0 apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone apple values open menusection-four-1 close menusection-four-1 accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy supplier responsibility account open menusection-five-0 close menusection-five-0 manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com about apple open menusection-five-1 close menusection-five-1 newsroom apple leadership job opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1‑800‑my‑apple. united states copyright © 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policyterms of usesales and refundslegalsite map