来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231235643/https://www.apple.com/apple-music/
================================================================================

apple music - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel apple music try 1 month free* get 6 months of apple music free with eligible audio devices.◊ learn more apple music hear sound all around. try 1 month free* play over 100 million songs and 30,000 playlists ad-free. experience spatial audio for sound that surrounds you.1 get curated playlists and live radio. download your favorite tracks. play them offline. listen across your devices. buy an apple device 6 months free get 6 months of apple music free with the purchase of eligible audio devices.◊ check eligibility free 1-month trial apple music new subscribers get 1 month of apple music free, then pay $10.99 per month. try it free* free 1-month trial apple one bundle apple music with up to 5 other great services for 1 low monthly price. learn more try apple one free2 compare plans listen and discover. in perfect harmony. immerse yourself in lossless and spatial audio. hear sound all around you in spatial audio with dolby atmos.1 and unlock amazing definition with lossless audio. fka twigs favorite all your faves. get automatic updates about new releases and even better recommendations when you star your top artists. tune in to top shows on live radio. zane lowe chats with world-renowned artists, ebro plays hip‑hop with a side of social justice, and dotty delivers global black music culture. listen live for free3 sing along with apple music sing.4 new lyrics features make it more fun to hit every beat. sing top songs with real-time lyrics and adjustable vocals that let you take the lead, duet with the artist, or belt out backup harmonies. take your tunes for a drive with carplay. hit the road with apple music and just ask siri to play your favorites. explore new sounds on listen now. discover more music you’ll love based on what you’re already listening to. browse playlists for your every mood. tap into our editors’ picks with thousands of curated and personalized playlists. get the best seat in the house with apple music live. watch our ongoing concert series featuring exclusive performances recorded in real time. only on apple music. billie eilish apple music plays on all your devices. iphone ipad apple watch apple tv mac homepod carplay smart tvs samsunglg gamingconsoles playstation 5xbox roku android download on google play pc update to the latest itunes amazon echo download the amazon alexa app sonos download the sonos app google nest download the google home app choose the plan that’s right for you. no commitment. cancel anytime. apple music is available in itunes, and for ios and android devices. voice5 $4.99/mo. try it free student6 $5.99/mo. try it free individual $10.99/mo. try it free* family7 $16.99/mo. try it free features voice5 student6/individual student6 individual family7 100 million songs and more than 30,000 expert-curated playlists included included included included included request any track, album, playlist, or station simply by asking siri or with type to siri included included included included included free trial with no commitment8 included included included included included stream ad-free music included included included included included original shows, concerts, and exclusives — and live and on‑demand radio stations hosted by artists included included included included included available on apple devices included included included included included available on other supported devices not included included included included included spatial audio with dolby atmos not included included included included included full catalog in lossless audio not included included included included included apple music sing, with beat‑by-beat lyrics and adjustable vocals4 not included included included included included download 100,000 songs to your library, access your entire library from any device, and listen online or off not included included included included included see what your friends are listening to not included included included included included unlimited access for up to six people not included not included not included not included included personal music library for each family member not included not included not included not included included personalized recommendations for each family member not included not included not included not included included get 6 months of apple music free with eligible audio devices.◊ learn more bundle up to 6 apple services. and enjoy more for less. try it free2 learn more apple music student plan comes with apple tv+ for free.9 try it free learn more about apple tv+ questions? answers. what is apple music? is it the same as itunes? apple music is a streaming service that allows you to listen to over 100 million songs. its features include the ability to download your favorite tracks and play them offline, lyrics in real time, listening across all your favorite devices, new music personalized just for you, curated playlists from our editors, and much more. all this in addition to exclusive and original content. your itunes library is still yours. you can access your entire collection from apple music or from itunes for macos or windows. how can i listen to apple music? apple music is already on your iphone, ipad, apple watch, apple tv, mac, and homepod mini — and you can listen with carplay or online at music.apple.com. apple music is also available on windows and android devices, sonos speakers, amazon echo, google nest, smart tvs, and more. what does apple music cost? that all depends on which offer you choose. (1) the apple music voice plan is $4.99 per month after your free trial. (2) students can choose the apple music student plan at $5.99 per month. (3) an individual monthly subscription is just $10.99 per month after your free trial. (4) the apple music family plan, which allows you to share your account with up to five people and gives each member a personal account, is just $16.99 per month. (5) the apple music individual plan and the apple music family plan are also included in apple one, which bundles up to five other apple services into a single monthly subscription. apple one plans start at $16.95 per month. what is the apple music voice plan and how can i listen? the apple music voice plan is a streaming service designed for use with siri that allows you to access more than 100 million songs with just your voice.5 request any song, album, artist, or playlist simply by asking. you also get personalized stations for any mood or activity, listening across all your favorite devices, curated playlists from our editors, new ways to use siri with apple music that are personalized for you, exclusive and original content, and more. getting started with the apple music voice plan is easy — simply ask siri to play some music. you can subscribe within the app, and listen just by making a voice request on any siri-enabled device. is there an apple music student subscription? students get the same apple music features and benefits as individual members. once your student status with your college or university is verified, you get student membership pricing for up to four years, as long as you remain a student. after four years, your membership will continue at the individual member price. does siri work with all plans? yes. with a siri-enabled device and any apple music plan, you can enjoy all the features of apple music and siri. all plans also support type to siri. what is dolby atmos music? dolby atmos is an audio technology that creates an immersive listening experience in which sound comes from all around you. apple music subscribers using the latest version of apple music on iphone, ipad, mac, or apple tv can listen to thousands of dolby atmos music tracks using any headphones. when you listen with compatible apple or beats headphones or most bluetooth headphones, dolby atmos music plays back automatically when available for a song. for other headphones, go to settings > music > audio and set dolby atmos to always on. you can also hear dolby atmos music using the built‑in speakers on a compatible iphone, ipad, macbook pro, macbook air, or imac, or by connecting your apple tv 4k to one of the following: homepod speakers set up as the default speakers, a dolby atmos–compatible sound bar, a dolby atmos–enabled av receiver, or a television that supports dolby atmos audio. for the full list of compatible devices, please see support.apple.com/en-us/ht212182. dolby atmos is not available with the apple music voice plan. what is lossless audio and how can i listen to it? lossless audio compression reduces the original file size of a song while preserving all of the data perfectly. apple music is making its entire catalog of more than 100 million songs available in lossless audio at different resolutions. in apple music, “lossless” refers to lossless audio up to 48khz, and “hi-res lossless” refers to lossless audio from 48khz to 192khz. lossless and hi-res lossless files are very large and use much more bandwidth and storage space than standard aac files. lossless audio is not available with the apple music voice plan. you can listen to lossless audio using the latest apple music app on an iphone, ipad, mac, or apple tv. turn on lossless audio in settings > music > audio quality. you can choose between lossless and hi-res lossless for cellular or wi-fi connections. note that hi-res lossless requires external equipment such as a usb digital to analog converter. can i share with my family? yes. with an apple music family plan, up to six people in the family can enjoy all the features and the full catalog of apple music. to get started, just set up family sharing on your ios or ipados device, android phone, or mac and invite family members to join. are there commercials? apple music has zero ads. am i eligible for a six-month apple music free offer? how do i redeem it? new subscribers can get six months of apple music free with an eligible audio device. make sure your iphone or ipad is running the latest version of ios or ipados. then you can activate your apple music trial after you pair your audio device to your iphone or ipad. you’ll have three months to redeem the offer after the first activation of the eligible device.◊ working with apple music. apple music supports artists with tools to create, release, and measure music across a global stage. celebrate big moments with your fans with unique shareable milestones for plays, shazams, and playlist adds. discover all the ways to showcase content on apple music — including musickit, rss feeds, widgets, brand guidelines, badge art, and more. apple music for artists apple performance partners program apple footer * new subscribers only. $10.99/month after free trial. plan automatically renews until cancelled. terms apply. ◊ new subscribers only. $10.99/month after trial. offer available for a limited time to new subscribers who connect an eligible device to an apple device running ios 15 or ipados 15 or later. offer good for 3 months after eligible device pairing. no audio product purchase necessary for current owners of eligible devices. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. compatible hardware and software required. not all content available in spatial audio with dolby atmos. the apple one free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. apple music 1, apple music hits, and apple music country are available without an apple music subscription. apple music sing is supported on iphone 11 and later or iphone se (3rd generation) using ios 16.2 or later, ipad pro 11-inch (3rd generation and later), ipad air (4th generation and later), ipad mini (6th generation), or ipad (9th generation and later) using ipados 16.2 or later, and apple tv 4k (3rd generation). features offered vary by plan. see chart for more details of what is included with the apple music voice plan. the apple music voice plan is an audio-only plan and does not include video content programming. siri functionality also works with type to siri. compatible hardware and software required. college students only. verification required. requires family sharing. see apple.com/family-sharing for more information. free trial for new subscribers only. plan renews at stated price per month until cancelled. limited-time offer; offer may end at any time. free apple tv+ access for students ends when you no longer qualify or do not renew your apple music student subscription. offer good for verified college students only and does not extend to a family sharing group. "umbrella (feat. jay z)" written by christopher stewart, terius nash, thaddis harrell, shawn carter. "green light" written by ella yelich-o’connor, jack antonoff, joel little.  apple only on apple apple music shop and learn open menu close menu store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards services open menu close menu apple music apple tv+ apple fitness+ apple news+ apple arcade icloud apple one apple card apple books apple podcasts app store account open menu close menu manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com apple store open menu close menu find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for business open menu close menu apple and business shop for business for education open menu close menu apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare open menu close menu apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government open menu close menu shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values open menu close menu accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple open menu close menu newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright © 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map