来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231235643/https://www.apple.com/us/shop/goto/gifts
================================================================================

holiday gift guide - apple global nav open menu global nav close menu apple shopping bag + search apple.com cancel apple store mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home only on apple accessories support shopping bag + cancel save on your favorite gift when you trade in an eligible device.¹ learn more wow yourself. from airpods to iphone, find the gift you’ve been eyeing. and save when you trade in an eligible device. what’s new personalizable gifts quick picks what’s new there’s so much more in store. sometimes it’s better to receive than give. iphone 14 from $799 or $33.29/mo. per month for 24 mo.² free engraving ipad pro from $799 or $66.58/mo. per month for 12 mo.³ macbook pro from $1299 or $108.25/mo. per month for 12 mo.³ iphone 14 it’s the best call you could make. iphone 14 pro from $999 or $41.62/mo. per month for 24 mo.² apple watch ultra $799 or $33.29/mo. per month for 24 mo.³ apple watch ultra here’s to an action-packed new year. apple watch se from $249 or$10.37/mo. per month for 24 mo.³ free engraving airpods pro(2nd generation) $249 or $41.50/mo. per monthfor 6 mo.³ apple watch series 8 from $399 or $16.62/mo. per month for 24 mo.³ + more free engraving ipad from $449 or $37.41/mo. per month for 12 mo.³ ipad may your gifts be merry and light. macbook air the gift you’ll open again and again. macbook air from $999 or $83.25/mo. per month for 12 mo.³ special carrier deals at apple save up to $1000 on the newest iphone after trade-in with select carriers. footnote 4 find your deal personalizable gifts end your season on a good note. add fun emoji or a special message with free engraving. free engraving airpods(3rd generation) from $169 or $28.16/mo. per monthfor 6 mo.³ free engraving ipad air from $599 or $49.91/mo. per month for 12 mo.³ free engraving airpods max $549 or $91.50/mo. per monthfor 6 mo.³ free engraving ipad mini from $499 or $41.58/mo. per month for 12 mo.³ free engraving apple pencil $129 free engraving airpods(2nd generation) $129 or $21.50/mo. per monthfor 6 mo.³ shop all personalizable giftsshop all personalizable gifts apple watch studio your gift. your way. create your styleapple watch studio - create your style get 3% daily cash back with apple card. learn more quick picks treat yourself to a little something. go ahead, cross your name off that list. homepod mini $99 apple tv 4k from $129 or $21.50/mo. per month for 6 mo.³ free engraving airtag 4 pack $99 magsafe charger $39 magic keyboard folio for ipad (10th generation) $249 iphone 14 silicone case with magsafe $49 + more buy an eligible apple device and you’ll get an extended free trial of apple music, apple tv+, apple arcade, apple news+, or apple fitness+. look for the onscreen prompt during setup.⁵ see why apple is the best place to shop. shop with a specialist whether you shop in a store or online, our specialists can help you pick something perfect. get helpshop with a specialist — get help (opens in a new window) fast, free delivery and pickup enjoy two-hour delivery from an apple store, free delivery, or easy pickup. footnote 6 learn more online personal session we’ll help make the most of the new device with a free one-on-one personal session. learn moreonline personal session - learn more trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade-in value may be applied toward a qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. available to qualified customers and requires 24-month installment loan when you select citizens one or apple card monthly installments (acmi) as payment type at checkout at apple. iphone activation required with at&t, t-mobile, sprint, or verizon for purchases made with acmi at an apple store. subject to credit approval and credit limit. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your apple card’s variable apr. additional acmi terms are in the apple card customer agreement. additional iphone payments terms are here. acmi is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. monthly pricing is available when you select apple card monthly installments (acmi) as payment type at checkout at apple and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. financing terms vary by product. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your apple card’s variable apr. see the apple card customer agreement for more information. acmi is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. to access and use all apple card features and products available only to apple card users, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad that supports and has the latest version of ios or ipados. apple card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the united states, and issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch. if you reside in the u.s. territories, please call goldman sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about apple card. at&t iphone 14 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of at&t trade‑in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 14 pro, iphone 14 pro max, iphone 14, or iphone 14 plus and trade‑in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max of either $800 or $350 (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone), max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. requires upgrade of an existing line or activation of a new line and purchase of a new iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max on qualifying 36 month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. at&t installment plan with next up is not eligible for this promotion. $0 down for well qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. requires activation on eligible unlimited plan. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. trade in device may not be on existing installment plan. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36 month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catchup credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited time offer; subject to change. limits: one trade‑in per qualifying purchase and one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. price for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes $30 at&t connectivity discount. activation required. at&t iphone se special deal: buy an iphone se 64 gb and get $250 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone se 128 gb and get $120 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone se 256 gb and get $40 in bill credits applied over 36 months. requires upgrade of an existing line (or activation of a new line) and purchase on qualifying 36-month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well-qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36-month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catch-up credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited-time offer; subject to change. limits: one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. activation required. at&t iphone 13 special deal: buy an iphone 13 128 gb and get $550 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 13 256 gb and get $470 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 13 512 gb and get $490 in bill credits applied over 36 months. requires upgrade of an existing line (or activation of a new line) and purchase on qualifying 36-month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well-qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36-month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catch-up credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited-time offer; subject to change. limits: one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. activation required. sprint special deal: sprint trade‑in credit in the form of a rebate with virtual prepaid card when you trade in a qualifying device. limited‑time offer; subject to change. requires activation on any sprint data plan and submission of a promo code at promotions.t-mobile.com. $200 rebate via virtual prepaid mastercard® card, which you can use online or in‑store via accepted mobile payment apps; no cash access & expires in 6 months from issuance. card is issued by sunrise banks n.a., member fdic, pursuant to a license from mastercard international incorporated. mastercard is a registered trademark of mastercard international incorporated. use of this card constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions stated in the cardholder agreement. lines must be active and in good standing when card is issued. allow up to 2 billing cycles after fulfillment of offer requirements. max 4 per account offer/discounted devices/account. may not be combined with some offers or discounts. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires trade‑in of an iphone xr or newer in good condition, including iphone se (2nd generation). must be at least 18 to trade in. apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade‑in transaction for any reason. in‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid, government‑issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in‑store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. additional terms from apple, sprint, and apple’s trade‑in partners may apply. t-mobile iphone 14 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t-mobile trade-in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone 14 pro, iphone 14 pro max, iphone 14, or iphone 14 plus and trade-in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max of $400 or $200 (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) for customers on any eligible rate plan. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) t-mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. customer must remain in the t-mobile equipment installment program and on eligible rate plan for 24 months and remain in good standing to receive the full benefit of the bill credits; allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade-in. tax on pre-credit price due at sale. limited-time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade-in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. price for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes $30 t-mobile connectivity discount. activation required. t-mobile iphone 13 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t-mobile trade-in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone 13 or iphone 13 mini and trade-in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 13 or iphone 13 mini of $400 or $200 (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) for customers on any eligible rate plan. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple connectivity trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) t-mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. customer must remain in the t-mobile equipment installment program and on eligible rate plan for 24 months and remain in good standing to receive the full benefit of the bill credits; allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade in. tax on pre-credit price due at sale. limited-time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade-in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. price for iphone 13 and iphone 13 mini includes $30 t-mobile connectivity discount. activation required. t-mobile iphone se 3 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t-mobile trade-in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone se 3 and trade-in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone se 3 of $400 or $200 (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone) for customers on any eligible rate plan. max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple connectivity trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) t-mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. customer must remain in the t-mobile equipment installment program and on eligible rate plan for 24 months and remain in good standing to receive the full benefit of the bill credits; allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade in. tax on pre-credit price due at sale. limited-time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade-in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. price for iphone se 3 includes $30 t-mobile connectivity discount. activation required. verizon iphone 14 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of verizon trade‑in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 14 pro, iphone 14 pro max, iphone 14, or iphone 14 plus with credit of $800 or $400 for customers on a get or one unlimited plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone); or $700 or $350 for customers on a do more or play more plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone). credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) verizon monthly bill credits applied over 36 months. customer must remain in the verizon device payment program for 36 months to receive the full benefit of the verizon bill credits. bill credits may take 1‑2 bill cycles to appear. if it takes two cycles for bill credits to appear, you'll see the credit for the first cycle on your second bill in addition to that month's credit. requires purchase and activation of a new iphone 14, iphone 14 plus, iphone 14 pro, or iphone 14 pro max with the verizon device payment program at 0% apr for 36 months, subject to carrier credit qualification, and iphone availability and limits. taxes and shipping not included in monthly price. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires eligible unlimited service plan. requires trade‑in of eligible device in eligible condition. must be at least 18 to trade‑in. apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade‑in transaction for any reason. in‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid, government‑issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in‑store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. limited‑time offer; subject to change. additional terms from apple, verizon, and apple's trade‑in partners may apply. price for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes $30 verizon connectivity discount. activation required. verizon iphone 13 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of verizon trade-in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 13 or iphone 13 mini with credit of $600 or $300 for customers on a do more, play more, get more, or one unlimited plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone); or $300 or $100 for customers on a start unlimited plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade-in smartphone). credit comprised of (i) apple connectivity trade-in credit at checkout and (ii) verizon monthly bill credits applied over 36 months. customer must remain in the verizon device payment program for 36 months to receive the full benefit of the verizon bill credits. bill credits may take 1-2 bill cycles to appear. if it takes two cycles for bill credits to appear, you'll see the credit for the first cycle on your second bill in addition to that month's credit. requires purchase and activation of a new iphone 13 mini or iphone 13 with the verizon device payment program at 0% apr for 36 months, subject to carrier credit qualification, and iphone availability and limits. taxes and shipping not included in monthly price. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires eligible unlimited service plan. requires trade-in of eligible device in eligible condition. must be at least 18 to trade-in. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade-in transaction for any reason. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in-store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. limited-time offer; subject to change. additional terms from apple, verizon, and apple's trade-in partners may apply. price for iphone 13 and iphone 13 mini includes $30 verizon connectivity discount. activation required. offer good for eligible subscribers with eligible devices only. eligible devices vary by offer. apple music, apple news+, and apple fitness+ offers for new subscribers only. after free trial, each service will renew at the applicable price per month in your region until cancelled. only one offer per service per apple id and, if applicable, only one offer per family if you’re part of a family sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. each offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. compatible hardware and software required. terms apply. see apple.com/promo for details. $9 two-hour delivery on eligible apple products in most metros. offer is not available on customized mac, engraved products, and for certain order types including orders paid for with financing or by bank transfer. delivery times vary according to your selected delivery address, availability of your items, and the time of day you place your order. find a store to view local store hours or see checkout for estimated delivery. a signature is required for delivery. drivers may ask for verbal confirmation of receipt from a safe distance to satisfy the signature requirement. †† we approximate your location from your internet ip address by matching it to a geographic region or from the location entered during your previous visit to apple. apple holiday gift guide shop and learn open menusection-one close menusection-one mac ipad iphone watch airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards services open menusection-two-0 close menusection-two-0 apple music apple tv+ apple fitness+ apple news+ apple arcade icloud+ apple one apple card apple books apple podcasts app store account open menusection-two-1 close menusection-two-1 manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com apple store open menusection-three close menusection-three find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app refurbished and clearance financing apple trade in order status shopping help for business open menusection-four-0 close menusection-four-0 apple and business shop for business for education open menusection-four-1 close menusection-four-1 apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare open menusection-four-2 close menusection-four-2 apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government open menusection-four-3 close menusection-four-3 shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values open menusection-five-0 close menusection-five-0 accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple open menusection-five-1 close menusection-five-1 newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1‑800‑my‑apple. united states copyright © 2022 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map