来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231234045/https://www.apple.com/iphone/
================================================================================

iphone - apple applestoremacipadiphonewatchvisionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport 0+ iphone 15 pro new iphone 15 new iphone 14 iphone 13 iphone se compare airpods airtag accessories apple card ios 17 shop iphone iphone get credit toward iphone 15 or iphone 15 pro when you trade in an eligible smartphone.get credit toward iphone 15 or iphone 15 pro when you trade in an eligible smartphone.1 shop iphone new iphone 15 pro titanium 2 buy learn more take a closer look. natural titanium blue titanium white titanium black titanium view in your space new iphone 15 newphoria 2 buy learn more take a closer look. pink yellow green blue black view in your space iphone se love the power.love the price. 2 buy learn more take a closer look. midnight starlight (product)red view in your space a guided tour of iphone 15 & iphone 15 pro watch the film which iphone is right for you? new iphone 15 pro the ultimate iphone. buy learn more view in ar 6.7″ or 6.1″ super retina xdr display3 promotion technology always-on display titanium with textured matte glass back action button dynamic island a magical way to interact with iphone a17 pro chipwith 6-core gpu pro camera system 48mp main ultra wide telephoto super-high-resolution photos (24mp and 48mp) next-generation portraits with focus and depth control up to10x optical zoom range emergency sos emergency sos via satellite4 crash detection5 roadside assistance via satellite4 up to 29 hours video playback6 usb-c supports usb 3 for up to 20x faster transfers7 face id new iphone 15 a total powerhouse. * buy learn more view in ar 6.7″ or 6.1″ super retina xdr display3 aluminum with color‑infused glass back ring/silent switch dynamic island a magical way to interact with iphone a16 bionic chip with 5-core gpu advanced dual-camera system 48mp main ultra wide super-high-resolution photos (24mp and 48mp) next-generation portraits with focus and depth control 4x optical zoom range emergency sos emergency sos via satellite4 crash detection5 roadside assistance via satellite4 up to 26 hours video playback6 usb-c supports usb 2 face id iphone 14 as amazing as ever. * buy learn more view in ar 6.7″ or 6.1″ super retina xdr display3 aluminum with glass back ring/silent switch a15 bionic chip with 5-core gpu dual-camera system 12mp main ultra wide portrait mode with focus and depth control 2x optical zoom range emergency sos emergency sos via satellite4 crash detection5 roadside assistance via satellite4 up to 26 hours video playback6 lightning supports usb 2 face id iphone se serious power. serious value. buy learn more view in ar 4.7″ retina hd display aluminum and glass ring/silent switch a15 bionic chip with 4-core gpu single-camera system 12mp main portrait mode with depth control 1x optical zoom range emergency sos up to 15 hours video playback8 lightning supports usb 2 touch id compare all iphone models shop iphone ways to save on iphone get credit when you trade in iphone 11 or higher.1 see what your device is worth carrier trade‑in deals iphone carrier deals. right here at apple. for as low as $0.9 see all carrier deals at apple includes trade‑in and carrier credits. at&t: up to $1000. t‑mobile: up to $800. verizon: up to $830. pay 0% apr over 24 months with apple card. choose apple card monthly installments when you check out.** learn more why apple is the best place to buy iphone. you can choose a payment option that works for you, pay less with a trade‑in, connect your new iphone to your carrier, and get set up quickly. you can also chat with a specialist anytime. learn more featured accessories magsafe snap on a magnetic case, wallet, or both. and get fast, efficient wireless charging. shop magsafe accessories airtag attach one to your keys. put another in your backpack. if they’re misplaced, just use the find my app. buy learn more magic runs in the family. explore all airpods models and find the best ones for you. learn more shop all iphone accessories fast, free delivery or pick up available items at an apple store. learn more pay monthly at 0% apr you can pay over time when you choose to check out with apple card monthly installments.** learn more get help buying have a question? call a specialist or chat online. call 1‑800‑my‑apple. learn more what makes an iphone an iphone? ios 17 every day. more extraordinary. learn more switching to iphone is super simple. learn more privacy.that’s iphone. learn more get more out of your iphone. apple one bundle up to six apple services. and enjoy more for less. try it free10 learn more apple tv plus get 3 months of apple tv+ freewhen you buy an iphone.11 try it free learn moreabout apple tv plus apple music over 100 million songs. start listening for free today. try it free12 learn more fitness+ from hiit to meditation, there’s something for everyone. try it free13 learn more apple arcade get 3 months of apple arcade free when you buy an iphone. try it free14 learn more apple news plus get 3 months of apple news+ free when you buy an iphone.15 learn more apple gift card for everything and everyone. learn moreabout apple gift card buy introducingthe appleresearch app. the future of health research is you. learn more apple footer * pricing for iphone 15 and iphone 15 plus includes a $30 connectivity discount that requires activation with at&t, t‑mobile, or verizon. pricing shown for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes a $30 connectivity discount for verizon and t‑mobile customers that requires activation and would otherwise be $30 higher for all other customers. ** apple card monthly installments (acmi) is a 0% apr payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the u.s. for eligible apple products purchased at apple store locations, apple.com, the apple store app, or by calling 1‑800‑my‑apple, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. see support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for more information about eligible products. apr ranges may vary based on when you accepted an apple card. cardholders who accept an apple card on and/or after august 10, 2023: variable aprs for apple card, other than acmi, range from 19.24% to 29.49% based on creditworthiness. rates as of august 10, 2023. existing cardholders: see your customer agreement for applicable rates and fee. if you buy an acmi eligible product by choosing to pay in full with apple card (instead of using acmi), that purchase is subject to the apple card variable apr, not 0% apr. taxes and shipping on acmi purchases are subject to the variable apr, not 0% apr. you’ll need to select at&t, t‑mobile, or verizon as your carrier when you check out. an iphone purchased with acmi is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time. acmi is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: apple employee purchase plan; participating corporate employee purchase programs; apple at work for small businesses; government, and veterans and military purchase programs, or on refurbished devices. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. acmi financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. see support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for information about upcoming changes to acmi financing. see the apple card customer agreement for more information about acmi financing. to access and use all apple card features and products available only to apple card users, you must add apple card to wallet on an iphone or ipad that supports and has the latest version of ios or ipados. apple card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the united states, and issued by goldman sachs bank usa, salt lake city branch. if you reside in the u.s. territories, please call goldman sachs at 877‑255‑5923 with questions about apple card. trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. not all devices are eligible for credit. you must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an apple gift card. trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an apple gift card. actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. in-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo id (local law may require saving this information). offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. some stores may have additional requirements. apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. more details are available from apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. restrictions and limitations may apply. available to qualified customers and requires 24-month installment loan when you select citizens one or apple card monthly installments (acmi) as payment type at checkout at apple. you’ll need to select at&t, t‑mobile, or verizon as your carrier when you check out. an iphone purchased with acmi is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time. subject to credit approval and credit limit. taxes and shipping are not included in acmi and are subject to your card’s variable apr. additional apple card monthly installments terms are in the apple card customer agreement. additional iphone payments terms are here. acmi is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. the last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. acmi financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. see support.apple.com/kb/ht211204 for information about upcoming changes to acmi financing. the display has rounded corners that follow a beautiful curved design, and these corners are within a standard rectangle. when measured as a standard rectangular shape, the screen is 5.42 inches (iphone 13 mini, iphone 12 mini), 5.85 inches (iphone 11 pro, iphone xs, iphone x), 6.06 inches (iphone 14, iphone 13 pro, iphone 13, iphone 12 pro, iphone 12, iphone 11, iphone xr), 6.12 inches (iphone 14 pro, iphone 15, iphone 15 pro), 6.46 inches (iphone 11 pro max, iphone xs max), 6.68 inches (iphone 14 plus, iphone 13 pro max, iphone 12 pro max), or 6.69 inches (iphone 14 pro max, iphone 15 plus, iphone 15 pro max) diagonally. actual viewable area is less. service is included for free for two years with the activation of any iphone 14 or iphone 15 model. connection and response times vary based on location, site conditions, and other factors. see support.apple.com/kb/ht213885 for more information. iphone 14, iphone 14 pro, iphone 15 and iphone 15 pro can detect a severe car crash and call for help. requires a cellular connection or wi‑fi calling. battery life claim refers to larger models. all battery claims depend on network configuration and many other factors; actual results will vary. battery has limited recharge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced. battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. see apple.com/batteries and apple.com/iphone/battery.html for more information. usb 3 cable with 10gb/s speed required. all battery claims depend on network configuration and many other factors; actual results will vary. battery has limited recharge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced. battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. see apple.com/batteries and apple.com/iphone/battery.html for more information. at&t iphone 15 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of at&t trade‑in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 15 pro, iphone 15 pro max, iphone 15, or iphone 15 plus and trade‑in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 15 pro or iphone 15 pro max of either $1000, $830, or $350 (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone). receive credit with purchase of an iphone 15 or iphone 15 plus of either $800 or $350 (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone). max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. requires upgrade of an existing line or activation of a new line and purchase of a new iphone 15 pro, iphone 15 pro max, iphone 15, or iphone 15 plus on qualifying 36 month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. at&t installment plan with next up is not eligible for this promotion. $0 down for well qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. requires activation on eligible unlimited plan. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. trade in device may not be on existing installment plan. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36 month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catchup credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited time offer; subject to change. limits: one trade‑in per qualifying purchase and one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. price for iphone 15 and iphone 15 plus includes $30 at&t connectivity discount. activation required. t‑mobile iphone 15 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t‑mobile trade‑in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone 15 pro, iphone 15 pro max, iphone 15, or iphone 15 plus and trade‑in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 15, iphone 15 plus, iphone 15 pro, or iphone 15 pro max of $800 or $400 for customers on a go5g plus plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone); or $350 or $175 for customers on a go5g, tmo one, tmo one plus, magenta, magenta max, or magenta plus plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone). max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) t‑mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade‑in. tax on pre‑credit price due at sale. limited‑time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade‑in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. price for iphone 15 and iphone 15 plus includes $30 t‑mobile connectivity discount. activation required. contact t‑mobile before cancelling service to continue remaining bill credits on current device, or credits stop & balance on required finance agreement is due. verizon iphone 15 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of verizon trade‑in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iphone 15 pro, iphone 15 pro max, iphone 15, or iphone 15 plus. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 15, iphone 15 plus, iphone 15 pro, or iphone 15 pro max of $830 or $415 for customers on an unlimited ultimate, unlimited plus, one unlimited, 5g get more, 5g do more, or 5g play more plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone); or $200 or $100 for customers on an unlimited welcome, welcome unlimited, or 5g start plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone). max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. must be an existing verizon customer. credit comprised of (i) apple instant trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) verizon monthly bill credits applied over 36 months. customer must remain in the verizon device payment program for 36 months to receive the full benefit of the verizon bill credits. bill credits may take 1‑2 bill cycles to appear. if it takes two cycles for bill credits to appear, you’ll see the credit for the first cycle on your second bill in addition to that month’s credit. requires purchase and activation of a new iphone 15 pro, iphone 15 pro max, iphone 15, or iphone 15 plus with the verizon device payment program at 0% apr for 36 months, subject to carrier credit qualification, and iphone availability and limits. taxes and shipping not included in monthly price. sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iphone. requires eligible unlimited service plan. requires trade‑in of eligible device in eligible condition. must be at least 18 to trade‑in. apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade‑in transaction for any reason. in‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid, government‑issued photo id (local law may require saving this information). in‑store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a specialist to learn more. limited‑time offer; subject to change. additional terms from apple, verizon, and apple’s trade‑in partners may apply. price for iphone 15 and iphone 15 plus includes $30 verizon connectivity discount. activation required. at&t iphone 14 special deal: buy an iphone 14 128 gb and get $334.44 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 14 256 gb and get $254.52 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone 14 512 gb and get $274.68 in bill credits applied over 36 months. requires upgrade of an existing line (or activation of a new line) and purchase on qualifying 36‑month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well‑qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36‑month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catch‑up credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited‑time offer; subject to change. limits: one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. activation required. t‑mobile iphone 14 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t‑mobile trade‑in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone 14 or iphone 14 plus and trade‑in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone 14 or iphone 14 plus of $800 or $400 on a go5g plus plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone); or $350 or $175 for customers on a go5g, tmo one, tmo one plus, magenta, magenta max, or magenta plus plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone). max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple connectivity trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) t‑mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade in. tax on pre‑credit price due at sale. limited‑time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade‑in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. price for iphone 14 and iphone 14 plus includes $30 t‑mobile connectivity discount. activation required. contact t‑mobile before cancelling service to continue remaining bill credits on current device, or credits stop & balance on required finance agreement is due. at&t iphone se special deal: buy an iphone se 64 gb and get $358.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone se 128 gb and get $264.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. buy an iphone se 256 gb and get $184.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. requires upgrade of an existing line (or activation of a new line) and purchase on qualifying 36‑month 0% apr installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well‑qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. tax on full retail price due at sale. if you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. activation/upgrade fee: $35. bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36‑month installment plan. credits start within 3 bills. will receive catch‑up credits once credits start. wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. installment agreement starts when device is shipped. to get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. limited‑time offer; subject to change. limits: one credit per line. may not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. activation required. t‑mobile iphone se 3 special deal: monthly price reflects net monthly payment, after application of t‑mobile trade‑in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iphone se 3 and trade‑in of eligible smartphone. receive credit with purchase of an iphone se 3 of $579 or $400 on a go5g plus plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone); or $350 or $175 for customers on a go5g, tmo one, tmo one plus, magenta, magenta max, or magenta plus plan (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone). max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. credit comprised of (i) apple connectivity trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) t‑mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade in. tax on pre‑credit price due at sale. limited‑time offer; subject to change. qualifying credit, data plan, and trade‑in in good condition required. max 4 promotional offers on any iphone per account. may not be combinable with some offers or discounts. activation required. contact t‑mobile before cancelling service to continue remaining bill credits on current device, or credits stop & balance on required finance agreement is due. the apple one free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. new and qualified returning subscribers only. $9.99/month after free trial. only one offer per apple id and only one offer per family if you’re part of a family sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. this offer is not available if you or your family have previously accepted an apple tv+ three months free or one year free offer. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. new subscribers only. $10.99/month after free trial. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. apple fitness+ requires iphone 8 or later or apple watch series 3 or later paired with iphone 6s or later. new subscribers only. $9.99/month after trial. plan automatically renews until cancelled. terms apply. new and qualified returning subscribers only. $6.99/month after free trial. only one offer per apple id and only one offer per family if you’re part of a family sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. this offer is not available if you or your family have previously accepted an apple arcade three months free offer. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. offer available to new subscribers who purchase an eligible device on or after september 7, 2022. $12.99/month after trial. only one offer per apple id and only one offer per family if you’re part of a family sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation, from december 12, 2022. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply.  apple iphone shop and learn shop and learn store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards apple wallet apple wallet wallet apple card apple pay apple cash account account manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com entertainment entertainment apple one apple tv+ apple music apple arcade apple fitness+ apple news+ apple podcasts apple books app store apple store apple store find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app certified refurbished apple trade in financing carrier deals at apple order status shopping help for business for business apple and business shop for business for education for education apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare for healthcare apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government for government shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values apple values accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple about apple newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright © 2023 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map