来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231234045/https://www.apple.com/apple-music/
================================================================================

apple music - apple applestoremacipadiphonewatchvisionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport 0+ apple music try it free* get 3 months of apple music free.* start your trial apple music hear sound all around. try it free* over 100 million songs and 30,000 playlists, always ad‑free. experience spatial audio for sound that surrounds you.1 sing along to real-time lyrics with apple music sing. listen across all your devices, online or off. explore the world’s largest classical music catalog. buy an apple device 6 months free get 6 months of apple music free with the purchase of eligible audio devices.◊ check eligibility free trial apple music new subscribers get apple music free for a limited trial period, then pay $10.99 per month. try it free* free 1-month trial apple one bundle apple music with up to 5 other great services for 1 low monthly price. learn more try apple one free2 compare plans listen and discover. in perfect harmony. immerse yourself in lossless and spatial audio. hear sound all around you in spatial audio with dolby atmos.1 and unlock amazing tonal definition with lossless audio. discover spatial audio picture of artist, bad bunny even more to favorite. select your favorite songs, albums, playlists, and artists to add them to your library — and improve your personalized recommendations.3 and you’ll automatically be notified when artists you’ve added release new music. tune in to top shows on live radio. catch your favorite shows live on apple music — or explore select shows on demand in apple podcasts. listen live for free4 browse playlists for your every mood. tap into our editors’ picks with thousands of curated playlists. sing along with apple music sing.5 new lyrics features make it more fun to hit every beat. sing top songs with adjustable vocals, and take sing-along sessions to a whole new level with apple music sing on your tv. learn more take your tunes for a drive with carplay. hit the road with apple music — it’s easy to connect. let everyone in the car add to what’s playing with shareplay, or ask siri to play your favorites. discover the perfect song with listen now. the listen now tab is your place for personalized picks and playlists that update weekly. and it’s all based on the music you’re already listening to. mix it up and collaborate on playlists. create playlists together so you can share and discover more music. everyone you invite can add, remove, reorder, and react to songs.6 coming soon get the best seat in the house with apple music live. watch our ongoing concert series featuring exclusive performances recorded in real time. only on apple music. explore apple music live picture of artist, burna boy apple music classical the app designed for classical. included with your apple music subscription at no additional cost.7 get unlimited access to the world’s largest classical music catalog, featuring the highest audio quality of up to 192khz/24-bit hi-res lossless.8 with a search built specifically for classical music, you can easily find works, composers, artists, or recordings. and learn while you listen with composer biographies and insightful descriptions. all ad‑free. get the app learn more listen to apple music on all your favorite devices. iphone ipad apple watch mac apple tv homepod carplay find compatible vehicles android download on google play pc update to the latest itunes even more places to get apple music. set up your device choose the plan that’s right for you. no commitment. cancel anytime. apple music is available in itunes, and for ios and android devices. student9 $5.99/mo. try it free individual $10.99/mo. try it free* family10 $16.99/mo. try it free features student9/individual student9 individual family10 100 million songs and more than 30,000 expert-curated playlists included included included included request any track, album, playlist, or station simply by asking siri or with type to siri included included included included free trial with no commitment11 included included included included stream ad-free music included included included included original shows, concerts, and exclusives — and live and on‑demand radio stations hosted by artists included included included included available on apple devices included included included included the apple music classical app — featuring the largest classical catalog in the world included included included included available on other supported devices included included included included spatial audio with dolby atmos included included included included full catalog in lossless audio included included included included apple music sing, with beat‑by-beat lyrics and adjustable vocals5 included included included included download 100,000 songs to your library, access your entire library from any device, and listen online or off included included included included see what your friends are listening to included included included included unlimited access for up to six people not included not included not included included personal music library for each family member not included not included not included included personalized recommendations for each family member not included not included not included included get 6 months of apple music free with eligible devices.◊ learn more bundle up to 6 apple services. and enjoy more for less. try it free2 learn more apple music student plan comes with apple tv+ for free.12 try it free learn more about apple tv+ questions? answers. what is apple music? is it the same as itunes? apple music is a streaming service that allows you to listen to over 100 million songs. its features include the ability to download your favorite tracks and play them offline, lyrics in real time, listening across all your favorite devices, new music personalized just for you, curated playlists from our editors, and much more. all this in addition to exclusive and original content. your itunes library is still yours. you can access your entire collection from apple music or from itunes for macos or windows. how can i listen to apple music? apple music is already on your iphone, ipad, apple watch, apple tv 4k, mac, and homepod speakers — and you can listen with carplay or online at music.apple.com. apple music is also available on windows and android devices, sonos speakers, amazon echo, google nest, smart tvs, and more. what does apple music cost? that all depends on which offer you choose. (1) students can choose the apple music student plan at $5.99 per month. (2) an individual monthly subscription is just $10.99 per month after your free trial. (3) the apple music family plan, which allows you to share your account with up to five people and gives each member a personal account, is just $16.99 per month. (4) the apple music individual plan and the apple music family plan are also included in apple one, which bundles up to five other apple services into a single monthly subscription. apple one plans start at $19.95 per month. apple music classical is included with apple music student, individual, and family plans. is there an apple music student subscription? students get the same apple music features and benefits as individual members. once your student status with your college or university is verified, you get student membership pricing for up to four years, as long as you remain a student. after four years, your membership will continue at the individual member price. does siri work with all plans? yes. with a siri-enabled device and any apple music plan, you can enjoy all the features of apple music and siri. all plans also support type to siri. what is dolby atmos music and how can i listen to it? dolby atmos is an audio technology that creates an immersive listening experience in which sound comes from all around you. apple music subscribers using the latest version of apple music on iphone, ipad, mac, or apple tv 4k can listen to thousands of dolby atmos music tracks using any headphones. when you listen with compatible apple or beats headphones or most bluetooth headphones, dolby atmos music plays back automatically when available for a song. for other headphones, go to settings > music > audio and set dolby atmos to always on. you can also hear dolby atmos music using the built‑in speakers on a compatible iphone, ipad, macbook pro, macbook air, or imac, or by connecting your apple tv 4k to one of the following: homepod speakers set up as the default speakers, a dolby atmos–compatible sound bar, a dolby atmos–enabled av receiver, or a television that supports dolby atmos audio. for the full list of compatible devices, please see support.apple.com/en-us/ht212182. what is lossless audio and how can i listen to it? lossless audio compression reduces the original file size of a song while preserving all of the data perfectly. apple music is making its entire catalog of more than 100 million songs available in lossless audio at different resolutions. in apple music, “lossless” refers to lossless audio up to 48khz, and “hi-res lossless” refers to lossless audio from 48khz to 192khz. lossless and hi-res lossless files are very large and use much more bandwidth and storage space than standard aac files. you can listen to lossless audio using the latest apple music app on an iphone, ipad, mac, or apple tv 4k. turn on lossless audio in settings > music > audio quality. you can choose between lossless and hi-res lossless for cellular or wi-fi connections. note that hi-res lossless requires external equipment such as a usb digital to analog converter. for a full list of compatible devices, please see support.apple.com/en-us/ht212183. can i share with my family? yes. with an apple music family plan, up to six people in the family can enjoy all the features and the full catalog of apple music. to get started, just set up family sharing on your ios or ipados device, android phone, or mac and invite family members to join. are there commercials? apple music has zero ads. am i eligible for a six-month apple music free offer? how do i redeem it? new subscribers can get six months of apple music free with an eligible audio device. make sure your iphone or ipad is running the latest version of ios or ipados. then you can activate your apple music trial after you pair your audio device to your iphone or ipad. you’ll have three months to redeem the offer after the first activation of the eligible device.◊ what is apple music classical? apple music classical is a companion app for apple music subscribers. included with apple music plans for individual, family, and student subscribers as well as apple one, at no additional cost, apple music classical is a dedicated classical music service designed by and for all types of classical music listeners. classical music experts will delight in the largest collection of its kind, excellent search capability, and the high-quality audio that classical music deserves. if you’re new to the genre, you can discover classical music through curated playlists, intuitive browsing, and detailed descriptions of works. why a separate app for classical music? classical music has a fundamentally different metadata structure from that of genres like pop, hip-hop, and country. as a result, it requires a unique approach to search, browse, library, and recommendations features. in addition, presenting the data about each album requires completely different formats. classical listeners also have specific interests, such as composer bios and descriptions of works. already a classical music enthusiast and apple music subscriber? all the classical music in your apple music library will automatically appear in the favorites tab of apple music classical, ready for you to enjoy. how do i get apple music classical and where can i listen to it? you can download apple music classical from the app store or google play. if you have an apple music student, individual, or family plan, you can start using apple music classical right away at no additional cost. if you have not yet subscribed to apple music, it’s easy to sign up once you open apple music classical. after subscribing to apple music, you’ll be able to enjoy apple music classical as well. apple music classical is available for all iphone models with ios 15.4 or later. the apple music classical app is not yet supported on carplay, ipad, mac, apple tv, or homepod. however, apple music classical has a unified library with apple music, which means that any track, album, or playlist you favorite or “star” in apple music classical will automatically appear in your apple music library. you can listen to music you favorite in apple music classical on each of your devices through the apple music library tab, where all of your apple music content is available to listen to, online and offline. will classical music still be available in apple music? yes, both apps will offer the largest classical catalog in the world. however, apple music classical will include multiple additional features, such as classical browse, a search engine designed for classical music, handpicked recommendations, composer and artist bios, and descriptions of the works. does apple music classical also offer other genres? no, apple music classical is classical only, but it does include lots of film and other crossover genres with classical music. apple music classical users can also listen to more than 100 million songs on apple music through their subscription. working with apple music. apple music supports artists with tools to create, release, promote, and measure music across a global stage. get fans excited for your latest release with beautiful, customizable social assets. celebrate big moments for plays, shazams, and playlist adds with milestones. discover all the ways to showcase content on apple music — including musickit, rss feeds, widgets, brand guidelines, badge art, and more. apple music for artists apple performance partners program apple footer * new subscribers only. to receive three months free, offer must be redeemed on iphone, ipad, or mac. three months offer valid december 11, 2023, through january 8, 2024. other new subscribers receive one month free. $10.99/month after free trial. plan automatically renews until cancelled. terms apply. ◊ new subscribers only. $10.99/month after trial. offer available for a limited time to new subscribers who connect an eligible device to an apple device running ios 15 or ipados 15 or later. offer good for 3 months after eligible device pairing. no audio product purchase necessary for current owners of eligible devices. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. compatible hardware and software required. not all content available in spatial audio with dolby atmos. the apple one free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. coming in an update later this year. apple music 1, apple music hits, and apple music country are available without an apple music subscription. apple music sing is supported on iphone 11 and later or iphone se (2nd generation and later) using ios 16.2 or later, ipad pro 11-inch (3rd generation and later), ipad air (4th generation and later), ipad mini (6th generation), or ipad (9th generation and later) using ipados 16.2 or later, and apple tv 4k (3rd generation). users under the age of 13 cannot collaborate on playlists because they are not allowed to have identities within music. users in cameroon, china mainland, malawi, mali, russia, türkiye, united arab emirates, and uruguay cannot collaborate. apple music student, individual, or family plan subscription required. hi-res lossless requires external equipment such as a usb digital to analog converter. college students only. verification required. requires family sharing. see apple.com/family-sharing for more information. free trial for new subscribers only. plan renews at stated price per month until cancelled. limited-time offer; offer may end at any time. free apple tv+ access for students ends when you no longer qualify or do not renew your apple music student subscription. offer good for verified college students only and does not extend to a family sharing group. to listen to music on apple music classical, you must have an internet connection. “new” written by lauren daigle, mike elizondo, natalie hemby. “lunch” written by jeff melvin, melvv, maude latour.  apple entertainment apple music shop and learn shop and learn store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards apple wallet apple wallet wallet apple card apple pay apple cash account account manage your apple id apple store account icloud.com entertainment entertainment apple one apple tv+ apple music apple arcade apple fitness+ apple news+ apple podcasts apple books app store apple store apple store find a store genius bar today at apple apple camp apple store app certified refurbished apple trade in financing carrier deals at apple order status shopping help for business for business apple and business shop for business for education for education apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare for healthcare apple in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone for government for government shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values apple values accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supplier responsibility about apple about apple newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple. united states copyright © 2023 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map