来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250522083432/https://www.apple.com/apple-music/
================================================================================

apple music - apple applestoremacipadiphonewatch visionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport 0+ apple music try 1 month free* start a free trial and hear the difference.* learn more apple music for the loveof music. play over 100 million songs, always ad‑free. hear next-level sound quality with spatial audio1 and lossless audio.2 take center stage with apple music sing. access exclusive interviews and live concerts. and listen across all your devices, online or off. the music app for music lovers is here. try 1 month free* 1 month free for new subscribers new subscribers get 1 month of apple music free, then pay $10.99 per month. try it free* 1 month freewith apple one bundle apple music with up to 5 other great services for 1 low monthly price. learn more try apple one free3 student plan comeswith apple tv+ students get 1 month of apple music free, plus access to apple tv+. try it free4 compare plans get 3 months of apple music free with purchase of eligible devices.◊ check eligibility audio quality enter a newdimension of sound. built-in features take your music to the next level. songs in spatial audio with dolby atmos feel like they’re playing all around you, immersing you in sound.1 and lossless audio preserves every detail of the original recordings.2 both deliver stunning sound every time you listen. music discovery where your new favorites find you. over 100 million songs are yours for the playing. get personalized playlists and stations in the home tab, or enjoy fresh picks every time you listen to the discovery station. explore a world of genres in the new tab and stay updated with automatic notifications about your favorite artists. and use the shazam app to identify any song playing nearby and add it to a playlist — so you never miss a beat. exclusive content unreal access.really only here. peggy gou watch livestreamed performances from the best seat in the house on apple music live. access in-depth interviews that uncover the stories behind the music and artists you love. tune in 24/7 to live local, international, and artist-led radio shows and stations. and explore the most impactful albums of our time with apple music 100 best albums. listen live for free5 apple music sing here comesthe chorus. with apple music sing, you and your friends can sing along to millions of songs.6 real-time lyrics animate to the rhythm of the song, and adjustable vocals let you control the volume of the artist’s voice — so you can be lead or backup. duet view shows each vocalist’s verse on opposite sides, so it’s easy to stay in sync. shared listening give your friendship a soundtrack. enjoy listening to music with friends no matter where you are. collaborative playlists let you invite them to add, remove, reorder, and react to songs — so you can stay connected, even miles apart.7 and carplay with shareplay makes sharing dj duties on the road easier than ever. apple music classical the definitive classical music app. the apple music classical app is completely dedicated to the classical genre. enjoy the world’s largest classical music catalog, a powerful search designed specifically for its nuances, and the highest audio quality available. all included with your apple music subscription. listen now get the app listen to apple music on all your devices. iphone ipad apple watch mac apple vision pro homepod apple tv carplay find compatible vehicles android download on google play pc download on microsoft store even more places to get apple music. set up your device choose the plan that’s right for you. no commitment. cancel anytime. apple music is available in itunes, and for ios and android devices. student8 $5.99/mo. try it free individual $10.99/mo. try it free* family9 $16.99/mo. try it free features student8/individual student8 individual family9 100 million songs and more than 30,000 expert-curated playlists included included included included request any track, album, playlist, or station simply by asking siri or with type to siri included included included included free trial with no commitment10 included included included included stream ad-free music included included included included original shows, concerts, and exclusives — and live and on‑demand radio stations hosted by artists included included included included available on apple devices included included included included the apple music classical app — featuring the largest classical catalog in the world included included included included available on other supported devices included included included included spatial audio with dolby atmos included included included included full catalog in lossless audio included included included included apple music sing, with beat‑by-beat lyrics and adjustable vocals6 included included included included download 100,000 songs to your library, access your entire library from any device, and listen online or off included included included included see what your friends are listening to included included included included unlimited access for up to six people not included not included not included included personal music library for each family member not included not included not included included personalized recommendations for each family member not included not included not included included get 3 months of apple music free with eligible devices.◊ learn more bundle up to 6 apple services. and enjoy more for less. try it free3 learn more apple music student plan comes with apple tv+ for free.4 try it free learn more about apple tv+ questions? answers. what is apple music? is it the same as itunes? apple music is a streaming service that allows you to listen to over 100 million songs. its features include the ability to download your favorite tracks and play them offline, lyrics in real time, listening across all your favorite devices, new music personalized just for you, curated playlists from our editors, and much more. all this in addition to exclusive and original content. your itunes library is still yours. you can access your entire collection from apple music or from itunes for macos or windows. how can i listen to apple music? apple music is already on your iphone, ipad, apple watch, apple tv 4k, mac, and homepod — and you can listen with carplay or online at music.apple.com. apple music is also available on windows and android devices, sonos speakers, amazon echo, google nest, smart tvs, and more. what does apple music cost? that all depends on which offer you choose. (1) students can choose the apple music student plan at $5.99 per month. (2) an individual monthly subscription is just $10.99 per month. (3) the apple music family plan, which allows you to share your account with up to five people and gives each member a personal account, is just $16.99 per month. (4) the apple music individual plan and the apple music family plan are also included in apple one, which bundles up to five other apple services into a single monthly subscription. apple one plans start at $19.95 per month. apple music classical is included with apple music student, individual, and family plans. is there an apple music student subscription? students get the same apple music features and benefits as individual members. once your student status with your college or university is verified, you get student membership pricing for up to four years, as long as you remain a student. after four years, your membership will continue at the individual member price. does siri work with all plans? yes. with a siri-enabled device and any apple music plan, you can enjoy all the features of apple music and siri. all plans also support type to siri. what is dolby atmos music and how can i listen to it? dolby atmos is an audio technology that creates an immersive listening experience in which sound comes from all around you. apple music subscribers using the latest version of apple music on iphone, ipad, mac, or apple tv 4k can listen to thousands of dolby atmos music tracks using any headphones. when you listen with compatible apple or beats headphones or most bluetooth headphones, dolby atmos music plays back automatically when available for a song. for other headphones, go to settings > music > audio and set dolby atmos to always on. you can also hear dolby atmos music using the built‑in speakers on a compatible iphone, ipad, macbook pro, macbook air, or imac, or by connecting your apple tv 4k to one of the following: homepod speakers set up as the default speakers, a dolby atmos–compatible sound bar, a dolby atmos–enabled av receiver, or a television that supports dolby atmos audio. for the full list of compatible devices, please see support.apple.com/en-us/ht212182. what is lossless audio and how can i listen to it? lossless audio compression reduces the original file size of a song while preserving all of the data perfectly. apple music is making its entire catalog of more than 100 million songs available in lossless audio at different resolutions. in apple music, “lossless” refers to lossless audio up to 48khz, and “hi-res lossless” refers to lossless audio from 48khz to 192khz. lossless and hi-res lossless files are very large and use much more bandwidth and storage space than standard aac files. you can listen to lossless audio using the latest apple music app on an iphone, ipad, mac, or apple tv 4k. turn on lossless audio in settings > music > audio quality. you can choose between lossless and hi-res lossless for cellular or wi-fi connections. note that hi-res lossless requires external equipment such as a usb digital to analog converter. for a full list of compatible devices, please see support.apple.com/en-us/ht212183. can i share with my family? yes. with an apple music family plan, up to six people in the family can enjoy all the features and the full catalog of apple music. to get started, just set up family sharing on your ios or ipados device, android phone, or mac and invite family members to join. are there commercials? apple music has zero ads. am i eligible for a three-month apple music free offer? how do i redeem it? new subscribers can get three months of apple music free with an eligible device. to redeem the offer for iphone, ipad, mac, or apple tv, set up your new device. to redeem the offer for airpods, homepod, or beats headphones or speakers, connect or pair your eligible device to an iphone or ipad running the latest version of ios or ipados. to redeem the offer for apple watch, connect or pair your eligible device to an iphone running the latest version of ios. you’ll have three months to redeem the offer after the first activation of the eligible device.◊ what is apple music classical? apple music classical is a companion app for apple music subscribers. included with apple music plans for individual, family, and student subscribers as well as apple one, at no additional cost, apple music classical is a dedicated classical music service designed by and for all types of classical music listeners. classical music experts will delight in the largest collection of its kind, excellent search capability, and the high-quality audio that classical music deserves. if you’re new to the genre, you can discover classical music through curated playlists, intuitive browsing, and detailed descriptions of works. why a separate app for classical music? classical music is different from contemporary genres. works have multiple movements and tracks; famous pieces have hundreds of recordings with different orchestras, conductors, and soloists. apple music classical is tailored to the needs of classical music lovers — with a unique approach to search, browse, library, and recommendation features. listeners can also dive deeper with background information about artists, composers, and works. how do i get apple music classical and where can i listen to it? you can listen online at classical.music.apple.com or download the apple music classical app from the app store or google play. it’s available for iphone and ipad with ios or ipados 16.0 or later, and for android smartphones with os 9 (pie) or later. apple music classical has a shared library with apple music, which means that the classical tracks, albums, and playlists added in apple music or apple music classical are instantly available in both apps. you can listen on all your devices, including in the car with carplay — online or offline. you’ll need apple music installed on the same device you use for the apple music classical app. apple music is usually preinstalled on iphone and ipad. apple music classical is included with all apple music plans at no extra charge — there’s no separate subscription. if you’re not yet an apple music subscriber, it’s easy to sign up from apple music or apple music classical. is classical music still available in apple music? yes, both apps offer the largest classical catalog in the world. however, apple music classical includes multiple additional features, such as classical browse, a search engine designed for classical music, handpicked recommendations, composer and artist bios, and descriptions of the works. does apple music classical also offer other genres? no, apple music classical is classical only, but it does include lots of film and other crossover genres with classical music. apple music classical users can also listen to more than 100 million songs on apple music through their subscription. working with apple music. apple music supports artists with tools to create, release, promote, and measure music across a global stage. celebrate big moments with your fans with unique shareable milestones for plays, shazam count, and playlist adds. discover all the ways to showcase content on apple music — including musickit, rss feeds, widgets, brand guidelines, badge art, and more. apple music for artists apple performance partners program apple footer * new subscribers only. $10.99/month after free trial. plan automatically renews until cancelled. terms apply. ◊ new subscribers only. $10.99/month after trial. offer is available for new apple music subscribers with a new eligible device for a limited time only. offer redemption for eligible audio devices requires connecting or pairing to an apple device running the latest ios or ipados. offer redemption for apple watch requires connecting or pairing to an iphone running the latest ios. offer good for three months after eligible device activation. only one offer per apple account, regardless of the number of eligible devices you purchase. plan automatically renews until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. compatible hardware and software required. not all content available in spatial audio with dolby atmos. lossless audio available up to 24-bit/192 khz. hi-res lossless requires external equipment such as a usb digital to analog converter. the apple one free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. restrictions and other terms apply. limited-time offer; offer may end at any time. free apple tv+ access for students ends when you no longer qualify or do not renew your apple music student subscription. offer good for verified college students only and does not extend to a family sharing group. apple music 1, apple music hits, apple music country, apple música uno, apple music club, and apple music chill are available without an apple music subscription. apple music sing is supported on iphone 11 and later or iphone se (2nd generation and later) using ios 16.2 or later; ipad pro (m4), ipad pro 12.9-inch (5th generation and later), ipad pro 11-inch (3rd generation and later), ipad air (m2), ipad air (4th generation and later), ipad mini (a17 pro), ipad mini (6th generation), or ipad (9th generation and later) using ipados 16.2 or later; and apple tv 4k (3rd generation). users under the age of 13 cannot collaborate on playlists because they are not allowed to have identities within music. users in cameroon, china mainland, malawi, mali, russia, türkiye, united arab emirates, and uruguay cannot collaborate. college students only. verification required. requires family sharing. see apple.com/family-sharing for more information. free trial for new subscribers only. plan renews at stated price per month until cancelled. to listen to music on apple music classical, you must have an internet connection. “birds of a feather” written by billie eilish, finneas. “new” written by lauren daigle, mike elizondo, natalie hemby.  apple entertainment apple music shop and learn shop and learn store mac ipad iphone watch vision airpods tv & home airtag accessories gift cards apple wallet apple wallet wallet apple card apple pay apple cash account account manage your apple account apple store account icloud.com entertainment entertainment apple one apple tv+ apple music apple arcade apple fitness+ apple news+ apple podcasts apple books app store apple store apple store find a store genius bar today at apple group reservations apple camp apple store app certified refurbished apple trade in financing carrier deals at apple order status shopping help for business for business apple and business shop for business for education for education apple and education shop for k-12 shop for college for healthcare for healthcare apple in healthcare mac in healthcare health on apple watch health records on iphone and ipad for government for government shop for government shop for veterans and military apple values apple values accessibility education environment inclusion and diversity privacy racial equity and justice supply chain about apple about apple newsroom apple leadership career opportunities investors ethics & compliance events contact apple more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple (1-800-692-7753). united states copyright © 2025 apple inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds legal site map