来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231135315/http://www.art.com/help/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy for art.com we're here to help need a quick answer? you've come to the right place. give us a call 800-952-5592 live chat open chat window send us an email support@art.com write to us at support@art.com and we'll respond as quickly as possible. find answers what can we help you with? help overview faq's track your order ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates menu icon this icon opens the menu search icon a dark-gray magnifying glass icon. art.com logo a dark-gray art.com logo. all art all art canvas prints framed art wood mount limited editions photo to art™ switchart® all art canvas help icon a dark-gray phone icon. 866-250-1800 help chat icon a dark-gray icon of a chat bubble. live chat favorite icon a dark-gray heart icon. saved user icon a dark-gray icon of a site user. sign up | log in shopping cart icon a dark-gray shopping cart icon. 0 all art all art canvas prints framed art wood mount limited editions photo to art™ switchart® all art canvas help icon a dark-gray phone icon. help user icon a white icon of a site user. log in / signup subjects abstract animals architecture botanical people scenic other subjects art for kids astronomy & space beverages book illustration comics dance digital motion art education fantasy fashion food hobbies holidays home & hearth humor maps motivational movies museums music performing arts places publications religion & spirituality seasons sports still life television transportation typography & symbols world culture see all subjects artists andy warhol claude monet gustav klimt mark rothko pablo picasso vincent van gogh other artists ansel adams alphonse mucha edgar degas edward hopper frida kahlo georgia o'keeffe henri matisse jackson pollock jean-michel basquiat joan miró john james audubon keith haring leonardo da vinci marc chagall norman rockwell paul klee pierre-auguste renoir roy lichtenstein salvador dalí wassily kandinsky see all artists a to z new & exclusive meet the artists get to know today's inventive contemporaries. read on rooms bedroom living room kitchen bathroom dining room nursery other rooms bar basement foyer game room garage gym hallway home office home theater kids room laundry room powder room inspiring spaces bold casual dramatic eclectic man cave minimal modern natural runway traditional wanderlust witty see all rooms product types canvas canvas canvas sets loft art framed canvas framed art framed art prints framed limited editions framed mount framed textured art switchart™ magnetic frames switchart™ prints magnetic sets other product types art on acrylic collectable prints coloring art device cases giclée prints hand painted art home décor klio digital art large prints limited editions metal prints notebooks posters premium prints wall clocks wall decals wall mirrors wall murals wall signs wall tapestries wood mounts wood prints learn more our craftsmanship videos see all product types decorating tips art + home accessories explore four ways to complete any space get the look home décor categories alternative wall décor area rugs baskets & boxes candles & holders clocks decorative bottles decorative objects dishes & trays furniture jars, jugs, vases lighting permanent botanicals poufs & ottomans throw pillows throws wall coverings wall mirrors holidays catalog home decor sale home decor see all home décor decorating tips art + home décor explore four ways to complete any space get the look best sellers top categories decorative art abstract art photography vintage art fine art modern art black and white photography botanical scenic animals shop all best sellers all art fine art abstract expressionism art deco american art art nouveau contemporary cubism figurative impressionism mid-century modern minimalism modern art pop art post-impressionism renaissance movements surrealism decorative art abstract botanicals cuisine figurative maps scenic vintage art beverages costume and fashion food movies travel sports transportation photography black and white color photography fine art photography panoramic photography sepia photography spot color photography vintage photography x-ray photography photos to art featured collections associated press bridgeman images british museum christie's auction house disney eyes on walls life picture collection national geographic saturday evening post smithsonian institution the new yorker magazine victoria and albert museum vogue magazine trending now whats' new best sellers community feed animals with style blueprint chevrons geodes and minerals geometrics kiss of grey livin' lodge monochrome photography monstera nautical shopall art photos to art photos to art turn personal photos of people, places and memories into custom art in just minutes. our wide range of high-quality styles and sizes make it possible to decorate with art that's uniquely you. shop now finish your photos custom framing canvas wood mount acrylic prints switchart® art on metal shop all frame your art frame your art create meaningful, personalized keepsakes in minutes. send in art, photos or documents you already own. we’ll frame and preserve them using the highest quality materials and professional craftsmanship. shop now clearance get notified about special offers andget 20% off your next order. please enter a valid email address track my order terms & policies about art.com help customer service overview contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates faqs my account access my account track my order our products product types framing & other services corporate policies privacy policy terms and conditions content policy photos to art terms of use frame your art terms of use privacy policy we value your business and we know your privacy is important to you. accordingly, we have implemented this privacy policy to inform you of the information that we collect from you, how we collect it and what we do with it. by using this website you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. how and when we collect information we collect "personal" information from you when you provide it to us. for example, if you purchase a product from us, we may collect your name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number and email address. if you sign up to receive a newsletter, we will collect your email address. if you take advantage of special services offered by us, we may collect other personal information about you. what we do with your information we are committed to protecting your privacy. under no circumstances do we rent, trade or share your e-mail address with any other company for their marketing purposes without your consent. we use your personal information for internal purposes such as processing and keeping you informed of your order. to improve our ability to serve you relevant ads across the internet for products that will be more interesting to you, we may provide your personal information to our advertising agents that use your information solely for our advertising purposes. you may, from time to time, receive information from us about new features, new services and special offers we think you'll find valuable. if you take advantage of special offers made by our marketing partners, we may, with your consent, transfer your personal information to them. we may share your mailing address with select third parties. the personal information that you give us when you place an order is used to process and fulfill your order. we also use your personal information for our own internal purposes, such as providing customer support or providing, maintaining, evaluating and improving our products and services. we partner with one or more credit card processing companies to assist us in processing your payment. however, those companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. we may disclose the personal and non-personal information of our customers to any successor-in-interest of ours, such as a company that acquires our business. we may need to disclose your personal information when required by law or when we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process. your choice to opt-out of certain communications if you are no longer interested in receiving e-mail announcements and other marketing information from us, please e-mail your request to support@art.com. please include your complete name, e-mail address and mailing address. note that you may still receive customer service related communications from us. we link to other websites our website may contain links to websites operated by other companies. we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of such other websites. this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our website. ip address and cookies we also collect "non-personal" information from you, such as your browser type, the url of the previous web site you visited, your isp, operating system, and your ip address. "non-personal" information cannot be easily used to personally identify you. we may use your non-personal information to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. your non-personal information may also be used to gather broad demographic information and to recognize customer traffic patterns and website usage. this information aids us in merchandising and in developing the design and layout of the website. in addition, like almost all e-commerce web sites, we use "cookies." cookies are bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. although our cookies don't store any of your personal information, they do allow us to do things like keep items in your shopping cart between visits or during the same visit or provide you with a more personalized user experience. whether you want your web browser to accept cookies or not is up to you. the help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. you can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as flash cookies, by changing the add-ons settings or visiting the web site of its manufacturer. however, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of features and services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. for instance, if you block our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your cart, proceed to checkout, or use any services that require you to sign in. if you haven't changed your computer's settings, most likely your browser already accepts cookies. we use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on this site. they may collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site, and your interaction with our products and services. they may also use information about your visits to this and other web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. this anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. no personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. they do not know the name, phone number, address, email address, or any personally identifying information about the user. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service provider, please click here. you can also read more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them by visiting the network advertising initiative's website by clicking here. how we protect your information the security of your personal information is very important to us. when you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl). for purchases made online with credit cards, we store your credit card number in encrypted form for a limited amount of time, and our employees do not have access to this information. we do not store pin data or 3-digit security codes. we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us from unauthorized access or disclosure, both during transmission and once we receive it. however, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access or other acts of third parties, or other acts or omissions. children's privacy our services are intended for users ages 18 and older. accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from persons that we know to be under the age of 18. in addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 18. updating your personal information if your personal information changes, you may correct, update or remove personal information previously provided to us by contacting our customer support team. changes to our privacy policy if we change our privacy policy, we will post a new version on our website, which will become effective when posted. the new policy will apply to all current and past users of the website and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent with it. contact us if you ever have any questions regarding our privacy policy please contact our customer support team. updated december 15, 2014 help customer service overview contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates faqs my account access my account track my order our products product types framing & other services corporate policies privacy policy terms and conditions content policy photos to art terms of use order toll free 800-952-5592 international france united kingdom business sales 1-866-303-3780 offices hospitality healthcare designers and architects customer service contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift cards faqs about art.com our company careers business & trade sales affiliate program shop our catalog art.com blog museum shops my account access my account track my order sign up for exclusive offers and inspiration please enter a valid email address follow us © art.com inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | terms and conditions art.com, you+art, and photos [to] art are trademarks or registered trademarks of art.com inc. various aspects of this website are covered by issued us patent no. 7,973,796 and other pending patent applications.