来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171231231145/https://www.art.com/help/faq.html
================================================================================

art.com - frequently asked questions | faq we're here to help   need a quick answer? you've come to the right place. give us a call 800-952-5592 live chat open chat window send us an email support@art.com write to us at support@art.com and we'll respond as quickly as possible. find answers what can we help you with? help overview faq's track your order ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates menu icon this icon opens the menu search icon a dark-gray magnifying glass icon. art.com logo a dark-gray art.com logo. all art all art canvas prints framed art wood mount limited editions photo to art™ all art canvas help icon a dark-gray phone icon. 866-250-1800 help chat icon a dark-gray icon of a chat bubble. live chat favorite icon a dark-gray heart icon. saved user icon a dark-gray icon of a site user. sign up | log in shopping cart icon a dark-gray shopping cart icon. 0 all art all art canvas prints framed art wood mount limited editions photo to art™ all art canvas help icon a dark-gray phone icon. help user icon a white icon of a site user. log in / signup subjects abstract animals architecture botanical people scenic other subjects art for kids astronomy & space beverages book illustration comics dance education fantasy fashion figurative food hobbies home & hearth humor maps motivational movies museums music performing arts places publications religion & spirituality seasons sports still life television transportation typography & symbols world culture see all subjects artists andy warhol claude monet gustav klimt mark rothko pablo picasso vincent van gogh other artists ansel adams alphonse mucha edgar degas edward hopper frida kahlo georgia o'keeffe henri matisse jackson pollock jean-michel basquiat joan miró john james audubon keith haring leonardo da vinci marc chagall norman rockwell paul klee pierre-auguste renoir roy lichtenstein salvador dalí wassily kandinsky see all artists a to z new & exclusive meet the artists get to know today's inventive contemporaries. read on rooms bedroom living room kitchen bathroom dining room nursery other rooms bar basement foyer game room garage gym hallway home office home theater kids room laundry room powder room inspiring spaces bold casual dramatic eclectic man cave minimal modern natural runway traditional wanderlust witty see all rooms product types canvas canvas canvas sets loft art framed canvas framed art framed art prints framed limited editions framed mount framed textured art prints collectible prints giclée prints limited editions large prints posters other product types art on acrylic collectable prints giclée prints hand painted art home décor large prints limited editions metal prints metal wall art mobile device cases posters premium prints wall decals wall mirrors wall murals wall signs wall tapestries wood mounts learn more our craftsmanship videos see all product types decorating tips art + home accessories explore four ways to complete any space get the look home décor categories alternative wall décor area rugs baskets & boxes candles & holders clocks decorative bottles decorative objects dishes & trays furniture jars & vases lighting permanent botanicals poufs & ottomans removable wallpaper throw pillows throws wall mirrors holidays catalog home decor see all home décor decorating tips art + home décor explore four ways to complete any space get the look best sellers top categories decorative art abstract art photography vintage art fine art modern art black and white photography botanical scenic animals shop all best sellers all art fine art abstract expressionism art deco american art art nouveau contemporary cubism figurative impressionism mid-century modern minimalism modern art pop art post-impressionism renaissance movements surrealism decorative art abstract botanicals cuisine figurative maps scenic vintage art beverages costume and fashion food movies travel sports transportation photography black and white color photography fine art photography panoramic photography sepia photography spot color photography vintage photography x-ray photography photos to art featured collections associated press bridgeman images british museum christie's auction house disney eyes on walls life picture collection national geographic saturday evening post smithsonian institution the new yorker magazine victoria and albert museum vogue magazine trending now what's new best sellers bokeh coloring art country calm double exposure farm charm geodes and minerals geometrics inspirational typography livin' lodge the curiosity shop shopall art photos to art photos to art turn personal photos of people, places and memories into custom art in just minutes. our wide range of high-quality styles and sizes make it possible to decorate with art that's uniquely you. shop now finish your photos custom framing canvas wood mount acrylic prints art on metal shop all frame your art frame your art create meaningful, personalized keepsakes in minutes. send in art, photos or documents you already own. we’ll frame and preserve them using the highest quality materials and professional craftsmanship. shop now clearance get notified about special offers andsave on your next order. please enter a valid email address track my order terms & policies about art.com help customer service overview contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates faqs my account access my account track my order our products product types canvas transfer faq framing & other services corporate policies privacy policy terms and conditions content policy photos to art terms of use frame your art terms of use faqs looking for a quick answer? you've come to the right place. shipping & delivery what type of packaging do you use? posters and art prints are rolled with thick paper to protect against dust before being packaged in corrugated triangular shipping containers. framed items are covered securely and placed in adjustable corrugated inserts that lock the frame in position. when will my art arrive? you can estimate your art's arrival by adding the processing and transit times. we typically process in-stock posters, prints and photographs within 24 hours, and framed items within 5-7 business days. see details. how do i track my order? you can quickly check the status of a current order with your order number and email address. as soon as your art ships, we'll send you a confirmation email that includes a tracking number. how much will shipping cost? shipping fees vary based on the quantity and type of art you've ordered. see our shipping rates chart to estimate your charges. is my package insured? art.com guarantees your satisfaction and we will give you a refund or a replacement for purchased items you are not satisfied with. in the remote event that your package is lost or damaged upon arrival, please contact our customer support team at 800-952-5592 or by email. what happens if only a portion of my order is available for immediate shipment? in order to offer you the lowest shipping rates, we combine similar items in one shipment subject to the processing times of all items in the shipment (see processing & delivery times). if an unexpected delay should occur that prevents available items on your order from shipping when expected, you may specifically request that the available items be shipped separately. this will not affect your shipping charges, but you must contact our customer support team directly by email or by calling us at 800-952-5592. can i ship to a p.o. box? yes, we can deliver packages 11" x 14" and smaller to a p.o. box. larger items must be shipped to a street address. returns what is your return policy? choose from two ways to return: expedite photo returns we are committed to quality products and your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed. if for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it within 30 days of receipt and receive a free replacement or a full refund for the price of the product. shipping charges will not be refunded. if your order arrives in less than satisfactory condition we offer a hassle-free photo return option to speed replacement. here's how: take a digital photo of your damaged product and the shipping container it arrived in (only if the package is also damaged). attach your photos to an email and send them to returns@art.com. please include your order number, shipping id or item number, a brief description of the reason for the return, and whether you'd like a replacement or a refund. you will receive an email within 24-48 hours confirming that your photo return is being processed. if your photo return is confirmed, you do not need to mail back your order. we will process the refund or replacement based on your photos. please note: photo returns are accepted for most posters and art prints, including framed items, canvas, acrylic, and wood mounts. photo returns are not available for some items, including tapestries, rugs, hand painted art, and limited edition prints. if the damage or quality issue is not apparent in the photo, you may be required to return the item at your expense before the return can be processed regular returns we invite you to return your order for a full refund of the product cost (minus shipping charges) by following these simple steps: complete the return instructions form on the back of the packing ship included with your order. ship your item back to us in its original packaging and enclose your completed return request. we strongly encourage you to return the item via a trackable method.returns addressart.com returns4000 creekside parkway, unit clockbourne, oh 43194 we will typically issue your refund within 48-72 hours of receiving the package. ordering how do i place an order? add the product(s) you wish to order in your shopping cart by clicking on the "add to cart" button located next to the product image. when you're ready to complete your order, click "continue checkout" from within your cart and follow the instructions. you may also complete your order by calling us at 800-952-5592. what payment options do you accept? we accept all major credit cards, including visa, mastercard, american express, and discover. we also accept paypal, paypal credit, checks and money orders. can i cancel my order? to cancel an order that has not yet shipped, have your order number available and contact our customer support team at 800-952-5592 or by emailing support@art.com. we are unable to process cancellations for items that have already shipped. please visit our returns page or contact us for alternate options. we are unable to add additional items to existing orders or substitute individual items. you will need to cancel your existing order and place a new one. thanks for your patience! when will my credit card be billed? prior to shipping, we have only received a pending pre-authorization request from your financial institution. when we request an authorization for your purchase, your financial institution may place a hold on your account for the amount of that pre-authorization request. while your financial institution may place a hold on the pre-authorized amount, your account will only be charged for the actual transaction amount when the first item on the order is shipped. any pending refunds will process when all items have shipped. most financial institutions will remove a pre-authorization hold from your account when the actual transaction amount is debited from your account or 3-5 business days after the pre-authorization request, whichever occurs sooner. since policies vary between different financial institutions, we recommend that you contact your financial institution with any further questions about a pre-authorization. art.com will not release pre-authorization holds. how do i find a specific item from your catalog? enter the exact name of the artwork or the catalog item number into the search box that appears at the top of each page. does the image on your site accurately represent what i will be sent? we strive for a high degree of image accuracy. however, in some cases, the visual representation may be approximate, or prints may vary. if you are not satisfied with the product you receive, you may return it within 30 days for a refund. how accurate are the item dimensions listed on your web pages? art.com verifies the dimensions of all images on our site, but due to industry standards sizes can vary slightly up to (1½"). if you are not satisfied with the product you receive, you may return it within 30 days for a refund. gift certificates how do i buy a gift certificate? you can buy a gift certificate here. how do i check my balance? have your gift certificate number handy and call our customer support team at 800-952-5592. you may also send us an email with your gift certificate number, and we'll respond with your remaining balance. international orders do you ship internationally? we will gladly express ship posters to most international destinations. to set up express shipping, please call us at 1-919-831-0199 (outside the u.s.) or 800-952-5592 (inside the u.s.), and our customer support team will discuss express shipping options and pricing with you. delivery methods international shipping for posters and prints only: posters/prints will ship via brokers world wide and unfortunately tracking is not offered. (applies to all countries except germany.) posters/prints shipped expedited service will ship via fedex. posters may be shipped express to most international destinations. please contact our customer support team. for more information about international shipping, please contact our customer support team. what about duties and taxes? you may be required to pay duties and taxes to claim your package, depending on your local customs office. art.com has no control over this, and has no way of determining the total cost of duties and taxes. we encourage you to contact your local postal service or customs bureau for more specific information. why can't you ship to my country? due to shipping restrictions, we are not able to ship products to certain countries. if you are able to select your country when filling in your address, then we are able to ship most products to your country. regardless of your country, we are not able to ship any frames larger than 35" x 43" overseas. do you ship to countries to which the carrier does not offer shipping insurance? yes. we will ship your order (at your own risk) if we receive payment in us currency using an international money order in advance. help customer service overview contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates faqs my account access my account track my order our products product types framing & other services corporate policies privacy policy terms and conditions content policy photos to art terms of use order toll free 800-952-5592 international france united kingdom business sales art at work division customer service contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift cards faqs about art.com our company careers shop our catalog art.com blog my account access my account track my order sign up for exclusive offers and inspiration please enter a valid email address follow us © art.com inc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | terms and conditions art.com, you+art, and photos [to] art are trademarks or registered trademarks of art.com inc. various aspects of this website are covered by issued us patent no. 7,973,796 and other pending patent applications.