来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181231060641/https://www.art.com/help/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy for art.com we're here to help   need a quick answer? you've come to the right place. give us a call 800-952-5592 live chat open chat window send us an email support@art.com write to us at support@art.com and we'll respond as quickly as possible. find answers what can we help you with? help overview faq's track your order ordering shipping & delivery returns gift certificates browse search logo call-us help live-chat live chat favorites favorites my-account sign up | log in cart 0 help icon a dark-gray phone icon. help user icon a white icon of a site user. log in / signup subjects abstract animals architecture botanical people scenic other subjects art for kids astronomy & space beverages book illustration comics dance education fantasy fashion figurative food hobbies home & hearth humor maps motivational movies museums music performing arts places publications religion & spirituality seasons sports still life television transportation typography & symbols world culture see all subjects artists andy warhol claude monet gustav klimt mark rothko pablo picasso vincent van gogh other artists ansel adams alphonse mucha edgar degas edward hopper frida kahlo georgia o'keeffe henri matisse jackson pollock jean-michel basquiat joan miró john james audubon keith haring leonardo da vinci marc chagall norman rockwell paul klee pierre-auguste renoir roy lichtenstein salvador dalí wassily kandinsky leonetto cappiello adolfo hohenstein georges barbier theophile a. steinlen katushika hokusai danielle kroll mark warren jacques banksy see all artists a to z new & exclusive meet the artists get to know today's inventive contemporaries. read on framed art framed art prints framed mount framed canvas see all framed art canvas canvas canvas sets framed canvas see all canvas rooms bedroom living room kitchen bathroom dining room nursery other rooms bar basement foyer game room garage gym hallway home office home theater kids room laundry room powder room inspiring spaces beyond pink bohemian dramatic eclectic man cave minimal mindfulness modern natural new noir wanderlust witty see all rooms décor décor alternative wall décor area rugs baskets & boxes candles & holders clocks decorative bottles decorative objects dishes & trays furniture jars & vases lighting permanent botanicals poufs & ottomans removable wallpaper throw pillows throws wall mirrors wall murals wall tapestries holidays see all home décor decorating tips art + home décor explore four ways to complete any space get the look best sellers top categories decorative art abstract art best sellers photography fine art modern art black and white photography botanical scenic animals shop all best sellers all art fine art abstract expressionism art deco american art art nouveau contemporary cubism figurative impressionism mid-century modern minimalism modern art pop art post-impressionism renaissance art surrealism decorative art abstract botanicals cuisine figurative maps scenic vintage art beverages costume and fashion food movies travel sports transportation photography black and white color photography fine art photography panoramic photography sepia photography spot color photography vintage photography x-ray photography photos to art featured collections associated press bridgeman images british museum christie's auction house collectible prints disney eyes on walls giclee prints hand painted art life picture collection metal prints national geographic saturday evening post smithsonian institution the new yorker magazine victoria and albert museum vogue magazine trending now what's new best sellers bokeh coloring art country calm double exposure farm charm geodes and minerals geometrics inspirational typography livin' lodge loft art the curiosity shop shop all art frame my photos frame my photos turn favorite moments into hangable wall art. upload your digital pics and we’ll take care of the rest. get started for business sale my art style get notified about special offers and save on your next order. please enter a valid email address download the app app store created with sketch. play-store created with sketch. facebook pinterest instagram twitter g+ track my order terms & policies about art.com help customer service overview contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates faqs my account access my account track my order our products product types canvas transfer faq framing & other services corporate policies privacy policy terms and conditions content policy photos to art terms of use frame your art terms of use privacy notice we value your business and we know your privacy is important to you. accordingly, we have implemented this privacy notice to inform you of the information that we collect from you when you visit this website ("art.com"), what we do with it and how you can exercise your privacy rights. quick links we recommend that you read this notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. however, if you only want to access a particular section of this notice, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section. who we are what personal information do we collect what we do with your personal information who we share information with cookies and similar tracking technology international data transfers how we protect your information your data protection rights & choices how we link to other websites data retention children's privacy changes to our privacy policy how to contact us who we are we supply high quality prints of artistic works, posters, your images and other printed and décor products. art.com, inc. is the parent company and headquartered in the u.s. in europe, the website is operated by art & allposters international b.v., a dutch subsidiary. what personal information do we collect information you provide to us certain parts of our website may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: for example, we ask you to provide your name, contact details and payment details in order to purchase a printed product from us or to set up an online account, or your email address to sign up to receive a newsletter and/or to submit enquiries to us. the personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. information that we collect automatically when you visit our website, we may collect certain information automatically from your device. specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your ip address, browser-type, the url of the previous web site you visited, your isp, operating system and other technical information. we may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our website, including the pages accessed and links clicked. collecting this information enables us to better diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website, as well as understand the visitors who come to our website, where they come from, and what content is of interest to them. this information aids us in merchandising and in developing the design and layout of the website. some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading 'cookies and similar tracking technology' below what we do with your personal information under no circumstances do we rent, trade or share your e-mail address with any other company for their marketing purposes without your consent. we may use the information we collect through our website for a number of reasons, including to: provide, operate, optimize and maintain the website and our products and services; process, fulfill and provide updates on orders; set up online accounts; where it is in accordance with your preferences send you marketing communications we think you'll find valuable, and if you take advantage of special offers made by our marketing partners, send your details to our marketing partners (with your consent); provide customer support, deal with your online enquiries and requests, and to provide you with information and access to resources or services that you have requested from us; to improve our ability to serve you relevant ads across the internet for products that will be more interesting to you, we may provide your personal information to our advertising agents that use your information solely for our advertising purposes. you may, from time to time, receive information (including by email or postal mail) from us about new features, new services and special offers we think you'll find valuable; improve the layout, navigation and content of our website; identify any server problems or other it or network issues; compile aggregated statistics about customer traffic patterns and site usage to better understand the preferences of our visitors; and carry out other legitimate business purposes, such as to improve our products and services, as well as other lawful purposes about which we will notify our users and clients. we will only process personal information in ways that are compatible with the purpose we collected it for, or for the purposes you later authorize. before we use your personal information for a purpose that is materially different than the purpose we collected it for or that you later authorized, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-out. who we share information with we may share and disclose your personal information to other third parties in the following circumstances: within the art.com group of companies for the purposes outlined in this notice. to vendors and other third party service providers who require access to your personal information to assist in the provision of the website, our products and services, and other business-related functions. for example, we partner with one or more credit card processing companies to assist us in processing your payment. we partner with third parties that offer credit checks services that review credit worthiness of certain users to manage our risk and help us to avoid sending out orders to users that cannot afford to pay. we may also work with third party service providers to assist us providing targeted email campaigns, assemble and prepare personalized offers and/or make particular product or purchase recommendations. however, those companies do not retain, share, store, or use personal information for any secondary purposes. we may also disclose your information to third parties: (a) where required by law or regulatory requirement, court order or other judicial authorization, (b) in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including for the purposes of meeting national security and law enforcement requirements; (c) in connection with the sale, transfer, merger, bankruptcy, restructuring or other reorganization of a business; (d) to protect or defend our rights, interests or property, or that of third parties; (e) to investigate any wrongdoing in connection with the website or our services; (f) to protect the vital interests of an individual. to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this privacy notice; to any other person with your consent. legal basis for processing your personal information (eea visitors/customers only) if you are a visitor/customer located in the european economic area ("eea"), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate business interests. in some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you. if we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to enter into a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. if you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the 'how to contact us' heading below cookies and similar tracking technology like all e-commerce web sites, we use 'cookies'. cookies are bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. although our cookies don't store any of your personal information, they do allow us to do things like keep items in your shopping cart between visits or during the same visit or provide you with a more personalized user experience. whether you want your web browser to accept cookies or not is up to you. the 'help' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. you can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as flash cookies, by changing the add-ons settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. however, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of features and services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. for instance, if you block our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your cart, proceed to checkout, or use any services that require you to sign in. if you have not changed your computer's settings, most likely your browser already accepts cookies. we use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on our website. they may collect anonymous information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. they may also use information about your visits to this and other web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. this anonymous information is collected by a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. no personal information is collected or used in this process. they do not know your name, phone number, address, email address, or any personally identifying information about the user. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service provider, please click here. you can also read more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them by visiting the network advertising initiative's website by clicking here. to find out more about the cookies that we serve and how to manage your cookie opt-outs, click here. international data transfers your personal information may be stored and processed by us in any country where we have facilities or where we engage service providers, and your personal information may therefore be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the u.s., which may have different data protection rules to those of your country. where we do so, our collection, storage and use of your personal information will be in accordance with the purposes set out in this notice. specifically, we may transfer your personal and non-personal information to art.com, inc. for storage in the u.s. eu-u.s. and swiss-us privacy shield when transferring any personal information from the eea and switzerland to the u.s., art.com, inc. adheres to the eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks, as set forth by the u.s. department of commerce. art.com, inc. has certified adherence to and commits to apply the privacy shield principles to all personal information it processes in reliance on the shield. for the purposes of enforcing compliance with the privacy shield, art.com, inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the u.s. federal trade commission. for more information about the privacy shield, and to view art.com, inc.'s certification, see the u.s. department of commerce’s privacy shield website located at: https://www.privacyshield.gov if art.com, inc. has received your personal information in the u.s. and subsequently transfers it to a third-party agent or service provider for processing, and such third party agent or service provider processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the privacy shield principles, art.com, inc. remains responsible under the privacy shield unless we can prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. you can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at privacy@art.com. we will investigate and resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use of personal information within forty-five (45) days of receiving your complaint. art.com, inc. has further committed to cooperate and comply with the panel of european data protection authorities (eu dpas) and the swiss federal data protection and information commissioner (swiss fdpic) in the resolution of any privacy shield complaints. if you have an unresolved privacy shield complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact your local eu dpa or the swiss fdpic, as applicable. the contact details of the eu dpas can be found here. you may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances. to find out more about the privacy shield's binding arbitration scheme please see https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=annex-i-introduction. for information on how to request access, rectification or deletion of your personal information if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the privacy shield, see section 10 below on "your data protection rights". how we protect your information the security of your personal information is very important to us. when you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl). for purchases made online with credit cards, we store your credit card number in encrypted form for a limited amount of time, and our employees do not have access to this information. we do not store pin data or 3-digit security codes. we use appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, both during transmission and once we receive it. however, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. therefore we cannot guarantee its absolute security. your data protection rights & choices you have the following rights: if you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under 'how to contact us' heading below. you can correct many of the details in your account by logging in to your account. you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. contact details for data protection authorities in the eea, switzerland and certain non-european countries (including the us and canada) are available here. you have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. you can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. alternatively, please contact us at privacy@art.com. please include your complete name, e-mail address and mailing address. note that it may take up to three business days to remove you from our marketing lists and after this point you may still receive customer service related communications from us. we respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. how we link to other websites our website contains links to websites, third party plug-ins (such as social media sharing buttons) operated by other companies. we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. we encourage you to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy notices of such other websites. this notice applies solely to information collected by our website. data retention we will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, for legal, tax or regulatory reasons, or other lawful purposes. when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. children's privacy our services are intended for users ages 18 and older. accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from persons that we know to be under the age of 18. in addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 18. changes to our privacy policy if we change our privacy policy, we will post a new version on our website, which will become effective when posted. the new policy will apply to all current and past users of the website and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent with it. we encourage you to check this page regularly to ensure you are up to date with any changes. how to contact us if you have any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your personal information, you can contact us by clicking here, sending an email to privacy@art.com or by contacting us at: us privacy 2100 powell street, 10th floor emeryville, ca 94608 eu privacy de voorde 40, 5807ez oostrum lb, netherlands please note that for the purposes of eu data protection legislation, art & allposters international b.v. is the controller of your personal information in respect interactions with and purchases made from our european websites. updated may 17, 2018 help customer service overview contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates faqs my account access my account track my order our products product types framing & other services corporate policies privacy policy terms of use terms of sale content policy photos to art terms of use art.com logo life is better with art. world's largest selection of art we have millions of prints, in a wide variety of styles. but more importantly, we’ll help you find just the right one. find the perfect frame over 200 handcrafted frames, plus canvas, wood mount, and more. all at around 40% less than a custom frame shop. your walls are waiting we can match you up with art you’ll love, help create a home gallery, and even provide assistance getting it on the wall. customer service contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns gift cards faqs order toll free 800-952-5592 business sales workspaceart division about art.com our company careers shop our catalog art.com blog my account access my account track my order sign up for exclusive offers and inspiration please enter a valid email address download the app app store play-store follow us facebook g+ pinterest instagram twitter © art.com inc. all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms and conditions art.com is a registered trademark of art.com inc. various aspects of this website are covered by issued us patent no. 7,973,796 and other pending patent applications. mcafee secure better business bureau