来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231231231/https://www.art.com/help/terms-and-conditions.html
================================================================================

we're here to help   need a quick answer? you've come to the right place. live chat open chat window send us an email support@art.com write to us at support@art.com and we'll respond as quickly as possible. find answers what can we help you with? help overview faq's track your order ordering shipping & delivery returns gift certificates logo help live-chat live chat favorites favorites my-account sign up | log in cart 0 help icon a dark-gray phone icon. help user icon a white icon of a site user. log in / signup holiday gift shop new arrivals shop by subject new abstract new botanical + floral new scenic new animals new architecture new motivational shop by art type new canvas art new framed art new photography new prints shop all new arrivals best sellers best selling categories canvas art decorative art fine art framed art loft art vintage art wood mount art art movement art deco art nouveau contemporary framed art cubism impressionism mid-century modern modern art pop art post-impressionism surealism also shop frame my photos home decor see all best sellers artists famous names andy warhol ansel adams banksy claude monet edward hopper frida kahlo georgia o'keeffe gustav klimt henri matisse jackson pollock jean-michel basquiat joan miro john james audobon marc chagall mark rothko norman rockwell pablo picasso roy lichtenstein salvador dali vincent van gogh wassily kandinsky rising stars hyunah kim jaime derringer kindred sol collective pol ledent stacy milrany vincent james see all artists subjects top categories abstract animals architecture art for kids astronomy & space botanical celebrities dance fantasy farmhouse fashion figurative maps motivational movies music religion & spirituality scenic sports travel top collections conde nast magazines disney collection geodes & minerals geometrics japandi style maximalism modern tropical the new yorker magazine see all subjects photography photography type black & white prography color photography fine art photography panoramic photography sepia photography spot color photography vintage photography x-ray photography photographers albert koetsier ansel adams brett weston dorothea lange gordon parks margaret bourke-white philippe hugonnard philippe sainte-laudy robert doisneau ursula abresch photography collections 1x photography getty images life national geographic pacific art group rue des archives photography subjects animal photography architecture photography botanical photography celebrity photography scenic photography travel photography see all photography color themes art colors reds & pinks oranges yellows greens blues purples browns neutrals grays black & white trending color collections black & white abstracts blue abstracts blush living coral metallics ochre room ideas art ideas by room bathroom art ideas bedroom art ideas dining room art ideas foyer art ideas game room art ideas hallway art ideas home office art ideas home theater art ideas kids' room art ideas kitchen art ideas laundry room art ideas living room art ideas nursery art ideas see all room ideas frame my photos get notified about special offers and save on your next order. please enter a valid email address facebook instagram twitter track my order terms & policies about art.com help customer service overview contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates faqs my account access my account track my order our products product types canvas transfer faq framing & other services corporate policies privacy policy terms and conditions content policy our ads cookies photos to art terms of use frame your art terms of use terms and conditions welcome to art.com! our services and products are provided subject to the following terms and conditions. by using the website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. please read them carefully, as they contain important provisions relating to your use of the site, including an agreement to engage in binding arbitration to resolve any disputes between us. the website is owned and operated by art.com, inc. ("art.com"). i. privacy you should review our privacy policy to understand our privacy practices. ii. terms of use license and website access we grant you a limited, revocable license to access and make personal use of the website as our customer. however, you are not permitted to: reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell or otherwise exploit the website or any product image, product listing, product description, price, page layout, page design, trade dress, trademark, logo or other content ("website content") for any commercial purpose, except as expressly provided; use a robot, spider or data mining or extraction tool or process to monitor, extract or copy website content (except in the operation or use of internet "search engines," hit counters or similar technology); use any meta tags, search terms, key terms, or the like that contain the website’s name or trademarks used on the website; engage in any activity that interferes with the website or another user’s ability to use the website; modify, create derivative works from, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any technology used to provide the website and the services offered on the website; or assist or encourage any third party in engaging in any activity prohibited by these terms of use. any use of the website or website content that is not expressly authorized herein is prohibited and immediately terminates the license granted herein. electronic communications you consent to receive communications from us by e-mail. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you by e-mail satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. if you opt in to receive sms (text messages) from art.com (as/when available), or use a mobile application, the following additional terms and conditions ("mobile terms") also apply to you. your access to the sites via your mobile device or use of a mobile application confirms your agreement to these mobile terms, as well as the rest of the terms and conditions. by opting in, you agree to receive promotional sms text messages on your mobile device. your consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services from art.com. by agreeing to receive sms messages from art.com, you certify that you are over 18 years of age and (a) you are the mobile account holder or (b) you have the account holder’s permission to enroll the designated mobile phone number and can incur any mobile message or data charges. you agree that you are solely responsible for all message and data charges that apply to use of your mobile device to access the sites or use of a mobile application. all such charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. please contact your participating mobile service provider for pricing plans, participation status and details. you understand that wireless through wi-fi or a participating mobile service provider may not be available in all areas at all times and may be affected by product, software, coverage or other service changes made by your mobile service provider or otherwise. additional terms and conditions may apply to your use of a mobile application, based on the type of mobile device on which you install and use the mobile application. you can opt out of receiving sms messages at any time. your account if you use the website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion. copyright all website content is our property or the property of our content suppliers and is protected by international copyright laws. the purchase of any product does not provide the purchaser with any copyright interest or other intellectual property right in the product. all website content that is not our property is used with permission. the arrangement and compilation of all website content is our exclusive property and is protected by international copyright laws. all software used on the website is our property or the property of our software suppliers and is protected by international copyright laws. trademarks certain graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks, service marks, or trade dress of our company or our affiliated companies. our trademarks and trade dress may not be used for any commercial or other purposes without our prior written consent. all other trademarks and service marks not owned by art.com or our affiliated companies that appear on the website are the property of their respective owners and may or may not be used without their prior written consent. copyright & trademark compliance; complaints we honor the intellectual property rights of others. if you believe that your work has been copied or used on the website in a way that constitutes copyright or trademark infringement, please notify us by following the procedure set forth in the immediately following paragraph. except in limited instances under authorized agreements, we do not reproduce or manufacture the products offered on our site, but rather we purchase or license products from third party suppliers that represent to us that they have sufficient rights to allow us to display and sell the products on the website. upon receipt of any bona fide claim of infringement, or upon becoming aware of any actual or alleged infringement by any other means, we will remove such actual or alleged infringing product(s) from the website and/or cease sales of the product(s) pending our investigation. notice and procedure for making claims of copyright / trademark infringement if you believe that your work has been copied, distributed or used on the website in a way that constitutes copyright or trademark infringement, please fill out the notice of claimed infringement form, sign the form where indicated and submit it to: art.com attention: legal department 850 cherry ave san bruno, ca 94066 statement on human trafficking and slavery we are part of a global community and supply chain. we are selective of our vendors and make efforts to ensure that the workers in this country and abroad that make up our supply chain are protected. we will not tolerate the involvement of our suppliers in human trafficking and slavery, including sweatshops and forced or child labor. we obtain contractual representations from our vendors of their compliance with such laws and have the discretion to, with or without notice, inquire on their practices. notice to california residents some of our products, such as our wood mounts and switchart™ products, are made with composite wood products such as particleboard and medium density fiberboard (mdf). these wood components are tested for safety in accordance with the california composite wood products airborne toxic control measure (atcm). our products comply with applicable phase 2 formaldehyde emission standards. reviews, comments, communications and other content visitors may post or submit reviews, comments, suggestions, communications and other information via our website, by email or through one of our website operation partners, or social media channels. you agree not to submit, transmit, or otherwise make available in any manner any content (i) that is unlawful, harmful, obscene, hateful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, harassing, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, or is otherwise objectionable, (ii) that infringes the intellectual property rights of any party or (iii) which contains a chain letter or constitutes any form of commercial solicitation, political campaign, mass mailing, "spam" or software virus. you may not use a false e-mail address or otherwise provide information that would be misleading as to the origin of such content. although we do not regularly review content you submit, we reserve the right to edit or remove any content that we find objectionable for any reason. you represent and warrant that you possess all necessary rights to use the content that you submit and that use of such content does not violate generally accepted standards of decency. you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims arising out of or relating to any content that you submit. by submitting content, you automatically grant to us, or warrant that the owner of such content has expressly granted to us, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, unlimited, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display your user name or the content in any media, form, format, manner or forum now known or hereafter developed without compensation to you. we take no responsibility and assume no liability for any content posted by visitors to our website. photos to art terms of use users of our photos to art service must review and understand our photos to art terms of use. frame your art terms of use users of our frame your art mail-in service must review and understand our frame your art terms of use. use of my gallery by default, any products, including images uploaded by you via photos to art, that you add to my gallery will be accessible to view and purchase by any third party who has access to your email address. you may change the settings on your gallery or galleries to private at any time by clicking "edit settings" within a specific gallery. use of facebook myframeshop application in addition to our privacy policy and the other terms and conditions stated or referenced in these terms of use, you agree not to use the myframeshop application (the "application") to submit, transmit, or otherwise make available in any manner any content (i) that is unlawful, harmful, obscene, hateful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, harassing, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, or is otherwise objectionable, (ii) that infringes the intellectual property rights of any party or (iii) which contains a chain letter or constitutes any form of mass mailing. although we do not regularly review content you submit to the site, we reserve the right to edit or remove any content that violates our content policy or that we find objectionable for any reason. you represent and warrant that you possess all necessary rights to use the content that you submit to the site and that use of such content does not violate our content policy. you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims arising out of or relating to any content that you submit to the site. by submitting content to the site, you automatically grant, or warrant that the owner of such content has expressly granted, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right and license to use the content in any manner that we deem appropriate, in our sole and exclusive discretion. use of recommendation services we offer our website users certain services that involve the use of images of our products. these include, but are not limited to, our "tell-a-friend," "blog this" and "send an e-card" services. the product images provided through these services are protected by international copyright laws and may not be used for any other purpose. users of these services may not: (a) alter, modify or manipulate any product image; (b) use a product image in any form other than the form provided by us; (c) reproduce a product image other than as intended through the use of this service; (d) remove any code or identifying information from a product image; or (e) inactivate the link associated with any product image or cause the image to ultimately link to a destination other than our website. suggestions and ideas visitors may submit suggestions, ideas or questions to questions@art.com. by doing so, you acknowledge that we will be free to use, disclose, reproduce, modify, license, transfer and exploit any suggestions or ideas in any manner. third party links and/or services the website may contain links to or services offered by third parties that are not under the control of art.com (“third party services”). any such third party services are provided for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. any concerns regarding such third party service should be directed to the particular outside service. limitation of liability we do not accept responsibility that the website, its servers, or e-mail sent from the website are free of viruses or other harmful components. we will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of the website, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages. certain laws do not allow limitations as contained in this clause. if these laws apply, some or all of the above limitations may not apply to you and you might have additional rights. iii. terms of sale these terms of sale apply to all offers made by art.com inc., all purchases and orders placed by you and all agreements concluded between us in relation to the products and services offered on this website. return rights we are committed to quality products and your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed. if for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it within 30 days of receipt and receive a free replacement or a full refund for the price of the product. shipping charges will not be refunded. if your order should arrive in less than satisfactory condition, we offer a convenient photo return option. simply take a digital photo of the item and one of the shipping container it arrived in, attach them to an email and send to returns@art.com. please include in the body of the email: your order number, the shipping id or item number, a brief description of the reason for the return, and let us know whether you are seeking a replacement or a refund. your request will be processed within 48 hours and you will receive an email letting you know your replacement is under production or your refund is being processed. to return your item(s) please pack them in the original tube or box and include the completed return instructions form which you will find on the back of the packing list included with your order. be sure to specify the reason for the return and what action you would like us to take: replacement or refund. we strongly encourage you to return your item via a trackable method. pricing notwithstanding the product prices shown on the website, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order. despite our best efforts, a small number of the items shown on the website may be mispriced as a result of price changes that are implemented at or about the time of your visit to the website. however, we do not charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process. if an item’s correct price is higher than our stated price, your sole recourse is cancellation of your order. acceptance of order we reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order. in such event your sole recourse shall be the return of amounts paid by you related to such order (if any). sales tax items shipped to destinations in the states of alabama, california, colorado, connecticut, hawaii, illinois, indiana, kansas, kentucky, louisiana, maine, maryland, massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, mississippi, missouri, new york, north carolina, north dakota, oklahoma, pennsylvania, rhode island, south dakota, tennessee, vermont, washington, wisconsin, and ohio are subject to tax. no sales tax is charged when purchasing gift certificates; however, purchases paid for with gift certificates may be subject to tax. product descriptions we attempt to describe our products offered as accurately as possible. however, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of the website are 100% accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. if a product offered by us and purchased by you is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition for a conforming replacement, refund or credit. disclaimer we are not liable for any financial damage (including but not limited to the cost of any replacement purchase) that may occur because of non-timely arrival or any lack of availability or conformity of the product. iv. disputes any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of art.com, to purchases from art.com, or to the sale of any products or services sold or distributed by art.com will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. the federal arbitration act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. however, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these terms of sale as a court would. to begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to art.com’s registered agent/legal department, located at 2100 powell st., 13th floor, emeryville, ca 94608. the arbitration will be conducted by the american arbitration association (aaa) under its rules, including the aaa's consumer arbitration rules. the aaa's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the aaa's rules. we will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. likewise, art.com and allposters.com will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. you may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location. we each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. if for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. we also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. applicable law by placing an order with art.com, you agree that the federal arbitration act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of california, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms and conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and art.com. severability if any of the terms or conditions herein shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that term or condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining term or condition. updated: october 2018 help customer service overview contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates faqs my account access my account track my order our products product types framing & other services corporate policies privacy policy terms of use terms of sale content policy our ads cookies photos to art terms of use art.com logo life is better with art. world's largest selection of art we have millions of prints, in a wide variety of styles. but more importantly, we’ll help you find just the right one. find the perfect frame over 200 handcrafted frames, plus canvas, wood mount, and more. all at around 40% less than a custom frame shop. your walls are waiting we can match you up with art you’ll love, help create a home gallery, and even provide assistance getting it on the wall. customer service contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns gift cards faqs business sales workspaceart division about art.com our company careers shop our catalog do not sell my personal information request personal information my account access my account track my order sign up for exclusive offers and inspiration please enter a valid email address follow us facebook instagram twitter © art.com all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms and conditions art.com is a registered trademark of art.com inc. various aspects of this website are covered by issued us patent no. 7,973,796 and other pending patent applications. mcafee secure better business bureau