来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231151343/https://www.art.com/help/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy for art.com we're here to help   need a quick answer? you've come to the right place. live chat open chat window send us an email support@art.com write to us at support@art.com and we'll respond as quickly as possible. find answers what can we help you with? help overview faq's track your order ordering shipping & delivery returns gift certificates day hr min sec order today for christmas delivery hurry before it's too late! free shipping. shop gifts order today for christmas delivery hurry before it's too late! free shipping. logo help live-chat live chat favorites favorites my-account sign up | log in cart 0 help icon a dark-gray phone icon. help user icon a white icon of a site user. log in / signup gift guide new arrivals best sellers best selling categories canvas art decorative art famous art fine art framed art vintage art 3 piece wall art sets affordable art glicee prints art movement art deco art nouveau contemporary impressionism mid-century modern modern art pop art surealism see all best sellers trends popular american flag birds buffalo & bison butterflies cats & kittens cowboys cows dogs & puppies flowers golf hawaii horses mermaids moon mountains new orleans octopus peacocks trees wolves world maps seasonal angels autumn cabins cardinals cars christmas fall landscapes jazz last supper lightning national parks nativity scene nature ocean reindeer retro travel santa claus winter artists famous names audubon banksy basquiat chagall dali haring hopper kahlo kandinsky klimt lichtenstein margritte matisse miro monet mucha o'keeffee parrish picasso pollock rockwell rothko van gogh vargas warhol rising stars emma scarvey hyunah kim jaime derringer lucia heffernan pol ledent samuel dixon silvia vassileva see all artists subjects top categories abstract animals architecture art for kids astronomy & space botanical maps motivational movies music nature nude religion & spirituality scenic sports travel top collections african american culture black artists coastal graffiti japanese steampunk vintage botanical watercolor see all subjects photography photography type animal photography black & white prography color photography fine art photography panoramic photography travel photography scenic photography sepia photography vintage photography photographers albert koetsier ansel adams gordon parks philippe sainte-laudy ursula abresch see all photography design inspiration color themes blues reds & pinks greens neutrals black & whites oranges grays yellows purples design styles traditional modern farmhouse rustics vintage boho scandinavian coastal mid-century industrial contemporary tropical glam southerwestern transitional global room ideas living room bathroom bedroom dining room hallway home office kitchen game room kids room laundry room frame my photos give $10, get $10 facebook instagram track my order terms & policies about art.com help customer service overview contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates referral faqs faqs my account access my account track my order our products product types canvas transfer faq framing & other services corporate policies privacy policy terms and conditions content policy our ads cookies photos to art terms of use frame your art terms of use referral terms privacy notice updated july 1, 2021. updates include: clarifying our practices with regard to sharing information outside of the company art.com values your business and we know your privacy is important to you. accordingly, we have implemented this privacy notice to inform you of the personal information that we collect from you when you visit this website and other websites where this notice is posted, use our mobile app online services or otherwise interact with us offline, what we do with your personal information and how you can exercise your privacy rights. quick links we recommend that you read this notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. however, if you only want to access a particular section of this notice, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section. what personal information do we collect what we do with your personal information who we share information with cookies and similar tracking technology international data transfers how we protect your information your data protection rights & choices how we link to other websites data retention children's privacy changes to our privacy policy how to contact us what personal information do we collect we collect information to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience. we collect information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with our websites and mobile services. we may collect the following categories of personal information. not all categories may be collected about every individual: personal identifiers, such as name and address device and online identifiers and related information, such as telephone number and email address internet, application, and network activity, such as cookie ids and browser visits demographic information, such as age and date of birth financial information, such as credit and debit card numbers and claims information characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law, such as gender and nationality purchase history information, such as products you have bought, rented, and returned location information, such as geo-location information audio, visual, and other sensory information, such as audio and video recordings employment information, such as occupation, title, licenses and professional memberships individual preferences and characteristics, such as inferences related to shopping patterns and behaviors how do we collect information we collect information from you in a variety of ways. it may be: provided directly by you or a member of your household collected from a device associated with you or your household collected from another company within our family of companies collected from an external third-party source our goal is to limit the information we collect to the information needed to support our business. information provided directly by you or a member of your household when you interact with our online services, we may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: for example, we ask you to provide your name, contact details and payment details in order to purchase a printed product from us or to set up an online account, or your email address to sign up to receive a newsletter and/or to submit enquiries to us. we may ask for similar information when you contact us offline, for example for customer service. the personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. information collected from a device associated with you or your household when you use our online services, we may collect certain information automatically from your device. specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your ip address, browser-type, the url of the previous web site you visited, your isp, operating system and other technical information. we may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our online services, including the pages accessed and links clicked. collecting this information enables us to better diagnose problems with our server and to administer our online services, as well as understand the visitors who use our online services, where they come from, and what content is of interest to them. this information aids us in merchandising and in developing the design, layout and functionality of the online services. some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further on our 'cookies and similar tracking technology' page. information we collect from another company within our family of companies we may collect your personal information from another organization within our corporate family of companies, such as with walmart or sam's club. information collected from external third-party sources we receive personal information about you from other sources to help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of our service to you, prevent or detect fraud, and for other business purposes. we also receive information, such as device information and browsing information, from third parties for marketing purposes, for example to provide you with personalized ads on art.com and third-party websites and mobile services. what we do with your personal information we may use the information we collect through our online services for a number of purposes, including to: fulfill your order or requests for services and provide customer service create and maintain your account conduct auditing and monitoring of transactions and engagement conduct marketing, personalization and third-party advertising protect the security and integrity of our websites, mobile services and our business and help prevent fraud update our operational and technical functionality conduct business analysis, such as analytics, projections and identifying areas for operational improvement conduct research and development fulfill our legal functions or obligations we will only process personal information in ways that are compatible with the purpose we collected it for or for the purposes you later authorize. before we use your personal information for a purpose that is materially different than the purpose we collected it for or that you later authorized, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-out. who we share information with we are careful to share your personal information in ways that respect your privacy and only as described in this notice. we view you as a valued customer, not a product, and we do not sell or rent your personal information to others for money. we may share and disclose your personal information to other third parties in the following circumstances: within the walmart inc. family of companies. when we do, the information will be used in ways that are consistent with this notice. to vendors and other third-party service providers who require access to your personal information to assist in the provision of the online services, our products and services, and other business-related functions. for example, we partner with one or more credit card processing companies to assist us in processing your payment. we partner with third parties that offer credit checks services that review credit worthiness of certain users to manage our risk and help us to avoid sending out orders to users that cannot afford to pay. we may also work with third party service providers to assist us providing targeted email campaigns, assemble and prepare personalized offers and/or make particular product or purchase recommendations. however, those companies do not retain, share, store, or use personal information for any secondary purposes. we may also disclose your personal information to third parties: (a) where required by law or regulatory requirement, court order or other judicial authorization, (b) in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including for the purposes of meeting national security and law enforcement requirements; (c) in connection with the sale, transfer, merger, bankruptcy, restructuring or other reorganization of a business; (d) to protect or defend our rights, interests or property, or that of third parties; (e) to investigate any wrongdoing in connection with the online services or our services; (f) to protect the vital interests of an individual. to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this privacy notice; deidentified & aggregated personal information: we continually strive to make customer shopping experiences more relevant and with less friction and may offer related services and insights to our suppliers and others. as a result, we may share with others insights that combine information from many customers in ways that do not directly identify you. for example, we may combine your shopping history with that of other customers to deliver generalized insights to our suppliers. these insights do not identify individual customers. this information helps our suppliers provide products and services relevant to our customers. we may receive payment for these insights. to deliver information about products and services that may be of interest to you, we may share information with other companies, such as publishers, advertisers and measurement analytics providers. for example, we may share device-related data (such as device identifier, type of device, ip address, cookies and other information associated with your browsing and app usage) and individual preferences and characteristics (such as insights and inferences related to shopping patterns and behaviors). this information does not identify you directly, but is necessary to personalize the advertisements you receive. we do not receive payment for this information. for more information about your choices related to advertising activities see "cookies and similar tracking technology". to any other person with your consent. categories of personal information we disclose to each type of third party: we may share your personal information with certain categories of third parties, as described below. types of third parties to which the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose those we are legally required to share with audio, visual, and other sensory information characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law demographic information device and online identifiers and related information employment information financial information individual preferences and characteristics internet, application, and network activity location information personal identifiers purchase history information service providers that receive data in order to provide services to us (e.g. technology providers, cloud storage providers, etc.) audio, visual, and other sensory information device and online identifiers and related information employment information financial information internet, application, and network activity location information personal identifiers purchase history information third parties with whom individuals direct us to share their personal information device and online identifiers and related information employment information internet, application, and network activity location information personal identifiers purchase history information cookies and similar tracking technology like other e-commerce web sites, we use 'cookies' and other technologies to collect information and enhance features and functionality. cookies are bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. they do allow us to do things like keep items in your shopping cart between visits or during the same visit or provide you with a more personalized user experience. whether you want your web browser to accept cookies or not is up to you. the 'help' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. you can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as flash cookies, by changing the add-ons settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. however, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of features and services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. for instance, if you block our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your cart, proceed to checkout, or use any services that require you to sign in. if you have not changed your computer's settings, most likely your browser already accepts cookies. we use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on our online services. they may collect information about your use of our online services, and your interaction with our products and services. they may also use information about your visits to this and other web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. this information is collected by a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by our third party service provider, please visit our "about our ads" page. you can also read more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them by visiting the network advertising initiative's website by clicking here. to find out more about the cookies that we serve and how to manage your cookie opt-outs, click here. international data transfers your personal information may be stored and processed by us in any country where we or our service providers have facilities, and your personal information may therefore be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the u.s., which may have different data protection rules to those of your country. specifically, we may transfer your personal and non-personal information to art.com for processing and storage in the u.s. by interacting with our online services, you consent to such transfers. how we protect your information the security of your personal information is very important to us. when you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (ssl). for purchases made online with credit cards, we store your credit card number in encrypted form for a limited amount of time, and our employees do not have access to this information. we do not store pin data or 3-digit security codes. we use appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, both during transmission and once we receive it. however, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. therefore we cannot guarantee its absolute security. your data protection rights & choices you have the following rights: if you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under 'how to contact us' heading below. you can correct many of the details in your account by logging in to your account. you have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. you can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in the marketing e-mails we send you. alternatively, please contact us at privacy@art.com. please include your complete name, e-mail address and mailing address. note that it may take up to three business days to remove you from our marketing lists and after this point you may still receive customer service related communications from us. we respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. for additional information regarding your choices, please visit our about or ads page. california privacy rights california consumer privacy act: if you are a california resident, you can make certain requests regarding your personal information. we will fulfill each of these requests per the requirements of california law. you can request access to a copy of the personal information we have about you, including a list of categories of your personal information that we have sold and a list of categories of your personal information that we have shared with another company for a business purpose. you can request that we delete your personal information. you can request that we stop selling your personal information. more information on each of these requests is below. request my personal information: if you make this request, which we also refer to as a request to access information, we will return to you (to the extent required by law): the categories of personal information we have collected about you. the categories of sources from which we collect your personal information. the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information. the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information. the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. a list of categories of personal information that we have sold, along with the category of any other company we sold it to. any of the categories of personal information that we collect could be included in a sale to other companies, including those within our corporate family. if we have not sold your personal information, we will inform you of that fact. a list of categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business purpose, along with the category of any other company we shared it with. you can ask us to provide you with this information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period. when you make this request, the information provided may be limited to personal information we collected about you in the previous 12 months delete my personal information: you have the right to ask that we delete your personal information. once we receive a request, we will delete the personal information (to the extent required by law) we hold about you as of the date of your request from our records and direct any service providers to do the same. in some cases, deletion may be accomplished through de-identification of the information. choosing to delete your personal information may impact your ability to use our websites and online features, including closure of your online account, and limit functions which require your personal information. stop selling my personal information: we share personal information within our walmart family of companies and with certain third parties, in a way that may be considered a "sale" under california law. for purposes of california law, we may share with these parties all categories of personal information identified in this notice. we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. if you are a california resident, you have a right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. to do so, click "do not sell my personal information" at the bottom of this page to submit your request. below is a chart showing the types of personal identifiers that we may have sold in the previous 12 months. categories of third parties to whom the personal information may be sold categories of personal information sold advertising companies (like ad servers, advertising agencies, technology vendors, providers of sponsored content, and others) device and online identifiers and related information internet, application, and network activity personal identifiers purchase history information other entity in the walmart family of companies device and online identifiers and related information internet, application, and network activity personal identifiers purchase history information we will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights. this generally means we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, provide a different level of service or quality of goods, or suggest that you might receive a different price or level of quality for goods. please know, if you ask us to delete or stop selling your data, it may impact your experience with us, and you may not be able to participate in certain programs or membership services which require usage of your personal information to function. to exercise your california privacy rights to request or delete your personal information, please click "request my personal information" at the bottom of this page or call 1-800-952-5592 to exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, please click "do not sell my personal information" at the bottom of this page. verifying your identity for requests to access or delete personal information we take the privacy of your personal information seriously and want to ensure that we provide only you or your authorized agent with your personal information. the ccpa also requires that we verify the identity of each person who makes a request to know what personal information we have about you or to delete the personal information we have about you. what personal information do i provide to verify my identity? to verify your identity, we ask you to provide your: first name* last name* middle initial email address phone number address* business name *required field how do you verify my identity? we may verify your identity in a few different ways. we've partnered with a third-party identification service to help us verify your identity and prevent fraudulent requests. when you make your request, you will be asked to answer a few questions about yourself to help us validate your identity. if you have an online account, we may ask you to log into your account and complete a one-time passcode validation. in some instances, we may ask you to provide other documentation to verify your identity. if this happens, we will reach out to you directly with this request. what if you can't verify my identity? if we can't verify your identity, we will not be able to process your request to know what personal information we have about you or to delete the personal information we have about you. if we are unable to verify your identity with a high degree of certainty, we will only be able to provide a report with category-level information and we may not be able to delete some of your information. how to submit a request using an authorized agent an authorized agent is a person or business who has authorization to request to know what personal information we have about you, to delete the personal information we have about you, or to opt out of the sale of your personal information if you are a california resident. authorized agents use the same links described above to submit requests. if you are submitting a request on behalf of another person, we require a valid power of attorney or other documentation demonstrating your authority to submit this request. this can be a letter or other documentation signed by the california resident authorizing you to submit this request. you can download a sample letter from the request form. how do i send you my documentation? if you submit a request on our website, you will be asked to upload this documentation when you submit your request. if you submit your request over the phone, you will be asked to email your forms to consumerprivacy@wal-mart.com. please note, you will have 10 business days to provide all required documentation. your california privacy rights - shine the light if you are a california resident, california law permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by art.com to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes within the immediately preceding calendar year. art.com will provide you with a list of the categories of personal information disclosed and a list of the names and addresses of the third parties. to make such a request, please write us at: art.com 850 cherry ave san bruno, ca 94066 how we link to other websites our online services contain links to websites, third party plug-ins (such as social media sharing buttons) operated by other companies. we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. we encourage you to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy notices of such other websites. this notice applies solely to information collected by our online services and through your other interactions with. data retention we will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, for legal, tax or regulatory reasons, or other lawful purposes. when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. children's privacy our services are intended for users ages 18 and older. accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from persons that we know to be under the age of 18. in addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 18. changes to our privacy policy if we change our privacy policy, we will post a new version on our website, which will become effective when posted. the new policy will apply to all current and past users of the online services and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent with it. we encourage you to check this page regularly to ensure you are up to date with any changes. how to contact us if you have any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your personal information, you can contact us by clicking here, sending an email to privacy@art.com or by contacting us at: art.com 850 cherry ave san bruno, ca 94066 you can also refer to our faqs. faqs about the california consumer privacy act what is the california consumer privacy act? what is the california consumer privacy act (ccpa)? the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) provides residents of california specific rights to their personal information. as of january 1, 2020, customers now have the right to: know what information is being collected about them; know whether their personal information is sold or disclosed for a business purpose; opt out of the sale of their personal information; and delete their personal information. who is covered? all california residents. if you are unsure you are a resident, you can visit https://www.ftb.ca.gov/file/personal/residency-status/index.html for more information what information is covered under the ccpa? personal information is protected under the ccpa. personal information is information that identifies, relates to or describes, or could reasonably be linked with an individual or their household. this includes information like your name, email address phone number, online identifiers such as cookies, your browsing history, geolocation information and inferences drawn from these types of information. for a list of personal information that we collect, please refer to our privacy policy linked at the bottom of this page. how long will it take to complete my request? we will respond within 45 calendar days of your request to access or delete your information. if we need more time, we may take a one-time extension for an additional 45-days to complete your request. we will let know if we need to do this. if you make a request to opt out of the sale of your personal information, we will respond within 15 days. what are my rights regarding non-discrimination? we will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights. this generally means we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, provide a different level of service or quality of goods, or suggest that you might receive a different price or level of quality for goods. if you ask us to delete your data, you may not be able to participate in certain programs or services which require use of your personal information to function. how can you sell personal information even though no money is exchanged? california adopted a new law, the california consumer privacy act, that defines the sale of personal information as the sharing of personal information to another business or third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. in other words, any time we receive a benefit for sharing your personal information with another company, or if the third party uses the personal information for any purpose other than to provide the service for which we shared it, california considers that a sale. we haven't sold your personal information for money, but we do benefit from sharing your information in two scenarios, advertising technology and when we share data within our corporate family of companies. advertising technology: we partner with advertising companies (like third party ad servers, advertising agencies, technology vendors, providers of sponsored content, research firms, and other companies) to improve our site's performance and appeal and help us to provide more customized advertising and marketing for our customers. we give pseudonymous information (such as device identifier, type of device, ip addresses, cookies and other information associated with your browsing) to the advertising companies and allow them to use it to refine their online marketing models and algorithms. in turn, the benefit we receive is that we can better reach the audience we want to market to, which may lead to better revenue for us because we're serving more effective ads. sharing within our corporate family of companies: we've always shared personal information within our family of companies which allows us to better understand our customers and provide better products and services. however, under the ccpa, because most of our companies are separate legal entities, some of the sharing we do for the benefit of all our companies is considered a sale. in both instances, we've always disclosed how we share your personal information in our privacy policy. our practices have not changed, the only difference is the definition of sale in california state law. help customer service overview contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns international orders gift certificates faqs my account access my account track my order our products product types framing & other services corporate policies privacy policy terms of use terms of sale content policy our ads cookies photos to art terms of use art.com logo life is better with art. world's largest selection of art we have millions of prints, in a wide variety of styles. but more importantly, we’ll help you find just the right one. find the perfect frame over 200 handcrafted frames, plus canvas, wood mount, and more. all at around 40% less than a custom frame shop. your walls are waiting we can match you up with art you’ll love, help create a home gallery, and even provide assistance getting it on the wall. customer service contact us ordering shipping & delivery returns gift cards faqs business sales workspaceart division about art.com our company careers shop our catalog do not sell my personal information request personal information my account access my account track my order give $10, get $10 keep up with the latest at art.com. sign up & get $25 off $150+ close x you're in! check your inbox to grab your offer. please enter your email please enter a valid email address there was an error processing your request sign up text getinspired to 47138. stay in touch with art.com through text.get $25 off $150+ when you sign up. by signing up you agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders) from art.com at the cell number used when signing up. consent is not a condition of any purchase. reply help for help and stop to cancel. msg frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply. view terms at https://creatives.attn.tv/art/terms.html & privacy at https://attnl.tv/p/ctj. facebook instagram © art.com all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms and conditions art.com is a registered trademark of art.com. various aspects of this website are covered by issued us patent no. 7,973,796 and other pending patent applications. mcafee secure better business bureau