来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091223193602/http://www.jamesallen.com/faq/
================================================================================

jamesallen.com frequently asked questions (faq) home | wish list | shopping cart (0) | order status | customer service | testimonials diamonds engagement wedding designer jewelry gemstone diamond studs 877-826-9866 diamonds & engagement diamonds engagement rings wedding & anniversary 3d view gallery hand 3d view design your own diamond education fine jewelry diamond jewelry gold jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry silver jewelry designer jewelry gift ideas faq news our blog nick & sarah downloads sign up today and receive special offers customer service hours: mon-friday 9am to 12am sat - sun 10am to 6pm questions? contact us: 877-826-9866 outside usa? call: +1-301-631-1414 service@jamesallen.com tax & shipping calculator total in $usd: country: australiaaustriabelgiumbermudacanadadenmarkfinlandfrancegermanygreecehong kongirelanditalyjapannetherlandsnew zealandnorwayportugalsingaporespainswedenswitzerlandunited kingdom province: albertabritish columbiamanitobanew brunswicknewfoundland and labradornova scotianorthwest territoriesnunavutontarioprince edward islandquebecsaskatchewanyukon for phone orders,please mention: 217ø1 all our diamonds are   conflict free diamonds frequently asked questions (faq) shipping where do you ship diamonds? what is the cost of shipping? i'd like to place an international order. do i pay customs fees to jamesallen or to fedex? can i ship to an address that is different from my billing address? do you ship to military apo's? how long after i order will my item be shipped? are you a "drop-shipper"? what if i need an item sooner than the date listed on the website? are your shipments safe? what if my jewelry gets lost during shipment? returns, exchanges, and upgrades what is your return policy? do you have an upgrade policy? i purchased a loose diamond from you. do you have a buy back policy? payments what types of payment do you accept? will i receive a discount if i pay by bank wire? will i be charged sales tax on my order? when will my credit card be billed? can i pay with two different credit cards? what is the credit card security code? orders and ring sizes i saw a ring on your site, and i love it! can i try it on? can i order through your website? what if i need help placing an order? what if i have a question about my order, want to change it, or need to cancel it? how do i find my ring size? what if i don't order the correct ring size? can you engrave my ring? if i purchase an engagement ring and a loose diamond, do i have to pay extra to have the diamond set into the ring? i have my own diamond but i'd like to purchase one of your settings. can you set my diamond into a jamesallen ring? is the name james allen going to be inscribed inside my ring like i see in the pictures online? can i place a diamond on hold? can i hold a diamond longer than 24 hours while i get more information? after i put a diamond on hold, can i purchase it using your website? are "design your own" rings considered special orders, or do they also come with a money back guarantee? will my ring look exactly like the ring on your website? privacy and security is shopping with james allen secure? will my personal information be shared with third parties? our diamonds and jewelry what are the gia and ags diamond certificates? what are the four c's? what is "cut"? what does the term "eye clean" mean? how can i make sure the diamonds i receive are actually the diamonds i ordered? i found a diamond in your website that i like. is it available? what is the quality of the diamonds you use for your engagement jewelry? are any of your diamonds laser treated, clarity enhanced, color enhanced, or modified in any way? are the gemstones used in your jewelry natural or synthetic? are any of the gemstones used in your jewelry heat treated? do the 18kt white gold rings turn yellow over time? what are conflict-free diamonds? how often do you add diamonds to your inventory? can i trade in old jewelry towards the purchase of a new item? insurance, warranties, and long-term care do you care or clean for jewelry sold from your site? what is covered by your lifetime warranty? do you provide insurance appraisals? do you insure jewelry? about us do you have a retail store located in my state? do you have gemologists on staff? where are the corporate offices of james allen? shipping where do you ship diamonds? we ship diamonds to the u.s.a. and internationally. we deliver to your home, business, apo, or nearest fedex location. click here for a complete list of countries that we serve. » back to top what is the cost of shipping? jamesallen.com provides fast, free shipping on all order destinations within the continental united states and canada,regardless of order amount. shipping and insurance on all international orders up to $1,000 is free. on all international orders above $1,000, the shipping and insurance costs $50 us + 1% of total order amount, regardless of payment method. international customers will be responsible for any duties, vat, taxes or surcharges levied or charged by their country, so please check with local authorities prior to placing your order to confirm taxes and duties. military personnel located overseas may also have their packages shipped to an apo or fpo location free of charge. please keep in mind, however, that apo/fpo shipments are done through the us post office and can take up to three weeks to arrive. click here for a complete list of countries that we serve. » back to top i'd like to place an international order. do i pay customs fees to jamesallen or to fedex? when you place your order, we collect payment for the item plus the cost of shipping. once the package arrives in your country fedex will contact you to collect any taxes or duties. international shipping is done via fedex international priority and usually takes about two days. » back to top can i ship to an address that is different from my billing address? yes. » back to top do you ship to military apo's? yes. we will gladly mail your purchase to any military apo using the us postal service registered mail. registered mail shipments are fully insured and can take up to three weeks for delivery, so order early! » back to top how long after i order will my item be shipped? loose diamonds are shipped fedex priority the same day as payment. all other jewelry and engagement rings will be shipped in 2-10 days, depending on the production schedule of that item. accurate shipping times are located on the detail page for each item. to find out if your order can be expedited, please call our customer service center at 877-826-9866. » back to top are you a "drop-shipper"? no. every item sold by james allen is inspected by our quality control department prior to shipment. » back to top what if i need an item sooner than the date listed on the website? rush orders are available. please call our customer service center at 877-826-9866 to find out if your order can be expedited. » back to top are your shipments safe? yes. our items are fully insured during transit. all purchases require a signature at the time of delivery. » back to top what if my jewelry gets lost during shipment? james allen takes every precaution to ensure that your order arrives safely. your order is fully insured during transit, and we require a signature for all packages. » back to top return policy what is your return policy? extended returns we care about your satisfaction and stand behind every item we sell. if you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, you may return it to our offices within 30 days of the shipment date for a full refund or exchange. in order to process a return, contact our customer service department at 877-826-9866. write the ran on the return label that was included with the original order from jamesallen.com. place your item into any standard brown box. if the value of your package is $500.00 or less, send your item using first class mail with insurance. if your item is valued above $500.00, use registered mail with insurance. the cost to ship your item with insurance will range from $5.00 to $25.00. ship the package to our corporate headquarters, located at: jamesallen.com 6 east 45th street new york , ny 10017 your item should arrive in our office in 2-10 days, depending on your location. all refunds will be processed within five days and done in the form of the original purchase method. bank wires are refunded via company check. additional terms & conditions: improperly packaged items: items sent to our office without a ran number, packages shipped beyond the 30-day return period, and packages that are improperly packaged or uninsured will be refused receipt. damaged and used items: returned merchandise must be undamaged and in "new and unused condition." items showing obvious signs of wear or alteration by a jeweler other than james allen will not be accepted. loose diamonds: loose diamonds must be accompanied by the original laboratory grading report or a $150 charge will be assessed to replace the certificate. engagement rings sold without center diamonds: any engagement ring design sold without a center diamond may be subject to a 15% restocking fee. eternity bands and tension rings: eternity bands and tension rings usually cannot be resized and must be completely remanufactured. special orders: special orders cannot be returned. a ring plus center diamond that we mount together - such as the design your own rings - is not considered a special order. » back to top do you have an upgrade policy? yes. any diamond can be exchanged for 100% credit towards a new purchase valued at least 2x the original amount. the diamond being upgraded must be in original condition and accompanied by original laboratory grading document. we can also remodel most rings to accommodate the new diamond for a minimal charge. » back to top i purchased a loose diamond from you. do you have a buy back policy? yes. we have a two-year buy back policy. if you need to sell your diamond, we will buy back your loose diamond for 70% of the original purchase price. the diamond must be in original condition and accompanied by original laboratory grading document. please note that our buyback program only applies to loose gia or ags graded diamonds and does not apply to engagement rings or other fine jewelry. » back to top payments what types of payment do you accept? we accept all major credit cards (visa, mastercard, american express, and discover), as well as paypal, google checkout, certified checks and money orders, wire transfers, and personal checks. many customers purchasing items valued over $1,000 prefer paying by wire transfer. wire transfer orders receive a 1.5% discount from our listed price. customers paying by wire will receive wiring instructions once they have completed the check-out process. we must receive confirmation from our bank that a wire transfer has been completed before items can be shipped. all international orders, or order in excess of $20,000 must be paid via bank wire. credit card orders can be placed online using our secure server or over the phone with our customer service department. credit card orders will only be shipped to an address on file with the credit card company. for security purposes, james allen may request additional documentation (such as drivers license, photocopy of credit card, etc) on some transactions. when paying by personal check, certified check or money order, james allen reserves the right to deposit and hold each payment for up to ten business days. all check payments that are not received within one week of when the order was placed will be cancelled. each personal check and/or certified check must be drawn from a us bank account. personal checks must also have the customers name and address imprinted on the front of the check. customers paying by check will receive mailing instructions once they have completed the check-out process. please contact our customer service department at 877-826-9866 if you have any additional questions. » back to top will i receive a discount if i pay by bank wire? yes. bank wire customers receive a 1.5% discount off their entire order. » back to top will i be charged sales tax on my order? james allen only collects sales tax on orders that are shipped to maryland and new york. » back to top when will my credit card be billed? your credit card will be billed at the time of purchase. » back to top can i pay with two different credit cards? yes. if you'd like pay with two different cards, please place your order over the phone with customer service at 877-826-9866, monday through friday, between the hours of 9 a.m.- 6 p.m. (est). » back to top what is the credit card security code? the security code is a 3 or 4 digit number that appears on your credit card. visa and mastercard users will find this code above the signature on the back of the card. discover and american express users will find this number on the top right of the front of the card. » back to top orders and ring sizes i saw a ring on your site, and i love it! can i try it on? definitely. at james allen, we understand how important it is for our customers to see and feel jewelry - especially a piece of jewelry as personal as an engagement ring. so here at james allen, we offer free shipping on all orders, with no minimum purchase. in fact, we're so confident that you'll be impressed by the quality of our jewelry that we offer a money back guarantee. if you're not satisfied with your order, you have 30 days to return your item and receive a full refund. nervous that you've ordered the incorrect ring size? that's no problem, either. we offer free ring resizing from 60 days after your purchase. even better, we'll send the newly-resized ring back to you, for free, via two-day fedex. » back to top can i order through your website? yes. you can purchase our loose diamonds, engagement rings or fine jewelry using our secure checkout process. » back to top what if i need help placing an order? if you would like assistance with placing your order, please call us toll free at 877-826-9866 between the hours of 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. (est), monday through friday. » back to top what if i have a question about my order, want to change it, or need to cancel it? for questions about your order, call customer service at 877-826-9866, monday through friday, between the hours of 9 a.m.- 6 p.m. (est), or send an e-mail to service@jamesallen.com. you can check your order status online by clicking here. you will need your order number and email address. » back to top i'd like to place an international order. do i pay customs fees to jamesallen or to fedex? when you place your order, we collect payment for the item plus the cost of shipping. once the package arrives in your country, fedex will contact you to collect any taxes or duties. international shipping is done via fedex international priority and usually takes about two days. » back to top how do i find my ring size? there are several methods available to determine your ring size (or the ring size of a loved one). please click here for a full list of the options available to you. » back to top what if i don't order the correct ring size? each customer is entitled to one free ring resizing within 60 days of purchase. after 60 days, the fee is $25 for gold rings and $50 for platinum rings. we'll return your ring to you (for free) via two-day fedex. please note that eternity bands and tension rings cannot be resized and must be completely remanufactured. » back to top can you engrave my ring? yes! we'd be happy to personalize your ring. the cost is only $3 per character. » back to top if i purchase an engagement ring and a loose diamond, do i have to pay extra to have the diamond set into the ring? of course not! in fact, we encourage you to choose your diamond separately - this is what makes your jewelry unique! » back to top i have my own diamond but i'd like to purchase one of your settings. can you set my diamond into a jamesallen ring? yes! when you check out with just a setting (and not a diamond), you can select an option to have us set your diamond and prepare an insurance appraisal. please note that this service costs an additional $150. » back to top is the name james allen going to be inscribed inside my ring like i see in the pictures online? no. the james allen inscription shown in our online product images is to protect the copyright of our photographs and videos. your ring will only be stamped with the metal type (18kt or platinum). » back to top can i place a diamond on hold? in order to place a formal hold, simply call or email our office with your full name, email address and phone number. holds are for 24 hours. » back to top can i hold a diamond longer than 24 hours while i get more information? yes. if you have requested specific information about a diamond (such as additional images or reports) then we'll hold the diamond until you receive the information. » back to top after i put a diamond on hold, can i purchase it using your website? no. diamonds that have been placed on hold will appear unavailable through the website. your purchase can be completed, however, by calling our customer service center at 877-826-9866. » back to top are "design your own" rings considered special orders, or do they also come with a money back guarantee? no. every loose diamond, ring and piece of jewelry listed on the website is sold with a 100% money back guarantee. designing your own ring using our system or having your diamond mounted into any ring does not make the ring custom. custom orders refer to ring designs that are not on the jamesallen.com website. » back to top will my ring look exactly like the ring on your website? the images on jamesallen.com are computer-generated to make it possible for you to see the 3d view and hand 3d view. since each ring you order from james allen is custom-made, there may be slight variations from the image shown on the site. any differences will be minimal and will not affect the beauty of your finished ring. » back to top privacy and security is shopping with james allen secure? yes. james allen ensures that our customers' purchases are secure. we use secure encryption and fraud protection for all credit card transactions. all sensitive data is encrypted using 128-bit secure socket layers (ssl). you can view our thawte certificate to view an independent verification of our site's security. » back to top will my personal information be shared with third parties? no. we keep your information private and confidential. » back to top our diamonds and jewelry what are the gia and ags diamond certificates? a gia or ags diamond certificate assures the value and quality of your diamond. gia and ags are the gold standard in diamond grading. their reports detail key characteristics of each diamond. » back to top what are the four c's? the four c's -- carat (size), color, clarity and cut -- are the industry grade standard from the gemological institute of america (gia). every diamond is specifically graded on these features. » back to top what is "cut"? a diamond's cut determines how effectively it returns light to the viewer's eye: a well-cut diamond appears brilliant and fiery, while poorly cut stones look dark and lifeless. well-cut diamonds often appear larger than stones of the same carat weight. to learn more about cuts, click here. » back to top what does the term "eye clean" mean? "eye-clean" is a term used to describe a diamond that is clean to an unaided eye in a face-up position from a distance of 8 to 10 inches. diamonds of vs2 or higher in quality will always be eye-clean. diamonds of si1, si2 and i1 need to be visually inspected to determine whether any inclusions are visible from the top. we can inspect any diamond at no charge. » back to top how can i make sure the diamonds i receive are actually the diamonds i ordered? we ship every loose diamond and diamond engagement ring with an independent gia or ags lab report. this report can be examined by a qualified gemologist and compared against the unique characteristics of your diamond. » back to top i found a diamond in your website that i like. is it available? yes. all diamonds on our website are available for purchase. » back to top what is the quality of the diamonds you use for your engagement jewelry? smaller diamonds (often called melee) are cut in factories around the world and are available in a variety of qualities. the lowest quality goods are usually labeled as "commercial" and consist of i/j/k color and i1 clarity. "promotional" goods are higher in both color and clarity, but are still cut for maximum weight. the highest quality diamonds are often referred to as "collection". collection diamonds are finer in both color and clarity. they're precisely cut to maximize fire and brilliance. collection quality goods are only available from specialty dealers. we pride ourselves on using collection diamond melee in all of our engagement designs. » back to top are any of your diamonds laser treated, clarity enhanced, color enhanced, or modified in any way? no. jamesallen only sells diamonds that are 100% natural and untreated. the gemological institute of america (gia) and american gem society laboratory (agsl) will not issue grading reports on diamonds that have been treated or enhanced, so purchasing our diamonds - which are all gia or ags certified -- is another guarantee that your diamond is natural. » back to top are the gemstones used in your jewelry natural or synthetic? every gemstone used in our jewelry was mined from the earth. we do not sell synthetic or lab created gemstones. » back to top are any of the gemstones used in your jewelry heat treated? yes. it is very common for natural gemstones to be heated. heating the stone can intensify color and clarity, making the gemstone more beautiful and valuable. in addition, emeralds are commonly infused with a colorless oil, wax or resin to improve their appearance and luster. nearly all rubies and emeralds on the jewelry market today are heated or treated in some fashion. » back to top do the 18kt white gold rings turn yellow over time? yes, to some extent. since 18kt white gold is actually 75% pure yellow gold, the jewelry must be rhodium plated. rhodium plating is standard for all white gold jewelry and gives the item a pure white brilliance and luster. in time, however, the plating tends to wear thin, showing the natural color of the white gold beneath. vigorous cleaning of the ring (such as with a toothbrush) can accelerate the process. james allen offers free rhodium plating on all of our white gold jewelry. » back to top what are conflict-free diamonds? conflict-free diamonds are gems that were not obtained due to human rights abuses, child labor, violence, or environmental degradation. at james allen, we make sure that our customers receive conflict-free diamonds. our internal guidelines exceed government requirements. 1. we manufacture most of our own diamonds, and therefore have first-hand knowledge of their conflict-free origins. 2. we only purchase polished diamonds from professional members of the diamond trade. 3. we have contracts with our suppliers that guarantee that their diamonds are conflict-free. when you shop at james allen, you can be certain that your diamonds are coming from the most reputable providers. read more about our conflict-free diamonds. » back to top how often do you add diamonds to your inventory? we add new diamonds to our inventory on a daily basis. » back to top can i trade in old jewelry towards the purchase of a new item? yes. we can provide you with a free quote on any gia or ags graded diamond of 1/2ct or larger. however, we do not accept used rings or uncertified diamonds. » back to top insurance and long-term care do you care or clean for jewelry sold from your site? yes. all jewelry purchased from jamesallen.com can be returned for cleaning and inspection. in order to keep your jewelry as beautiful as the day you received it, it's best to clean your items weakly with a nonabrasive jewelry cleaner or have the item steamed cleaned by a local jeweler free of charge. you may also return your jewelry to our offices for free prong tightening, repolishing, rhodium plating and cleaning. contact customer service at 866-397-0940 for more information. what is covered by your lifetime warranty? answer: the lifetime warranty on your jewelry covers services like cleaning, polishing, prong tightening and rhodium plating -- all for just a small shipping charge. the lifetime warranty also covers the loss of side diamonds, assuming that the loss was not caused by damage. however, even with our lifetime warranty, it is important to have your ring insured. insurance covers both the loss of the entire ring and the loss of the center diamond. we highly recommend jewelers mutual. you can find more information about their policies and prices by visiting their website at www.jewelersmutual.com. » back to top do you provide insurance appraisals? yes. every finished engagement ring or piece of fine jewelry valued at $1,000 or higher will be accompanied by a full insurance valuation. » back to top do you insure jewelry? no. however, we provide you with an insurance appraisal that you can use to obtain coverage. jewelers mutual is a highly regarded insurance company that sells policies online. » back to top about us do you have a retail store located in my state? james allen does not operate retail locations. this allows us to cut overhead costs and focus exclusively on quality and service - providing you with a high quality product at a much better value than your local jewelry store. by the same token, we understand how important it is for our customers to see and feel jewelry - especially a piece of jewelry as personal as an engagement ring. that's why we offer free shipping on all our items, a 30-day money back guarantee, and free ring resizing for 60 days after your purchase. that being said, we have offices in both maryland and new york city, in the heart of the diamond district. we welcome visitors to our new york office. office visits are by appointment only. please contact our customer service center at 877-826-9866 to schedule an appointment. » back to top do you have gemologists on staff? yes. we currently have g.i.a graduate gemologists on staff at both our maryland and new york offices. these gemologists are an integral part of our customer service team. if you have any further questions, you can speak with a graduate gemologist at any time. you can also ask for me (james allen schultz) as well. » back to top where are the corporate offices of james allen? our corporate office is located in the heart of the new york diamond district. visitors are welcome. to set up an appointment, please contact us at 877-826-9866. we welcome your comments and suggestions. james allen, customer service 1291 riverbend way frederick md 21701 james allen 6 east 45th street new york, ny 10017 » back to top contact us | about us | become an affiliate | linkshare partner | shipping | 30-day return | terms of use | privacy policy | site map | conflict free diamonds & engagement diamonds engagement rings wedding & anniversary designer jewelry 3d view gallery hand 3d view gallery the perfect engagement ring the perfect wedding ring the perfect diamond recently purchased engagement rings fine jewelry diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry gold jewelry sterling silver jewelry pearl jewelry gift ideas the perfect diamond studs men's silver jewelry women's silver jewelry design your own design your own ring design your three-stone ring design your diamond studs design your diamond pendant policies & education diamond education policies news downloads cities washington dc philadelphia new york miami los angeles houston dallas chicago boston atlanta customer service address: 605 north bentz #203 frederick, md 21701 corporate address: manhattan, new york, ny we welcome visitors to our new york office. office visits are by appointment only. please contact our customer service center to schedule an appointment. © 2009 james allen - all rights reserved. chinese | spanish | russian close window