来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121217214119/http://www.jamesallen.com/faq/
================================================================================

jamesallen.com frequently asked questions (faq) wish list shopping cart (0) order status customer service testimonials engagement rings solitaire settings pave set rings channel set rings settings with sidestones three-stone rings gemstone settings contemporary/tension matched wedding sets danhov rings diamonds loose diamond search hearts & arrows collection matching pairs search wedding classic wedding rings ladies carved rings ladies diamond rings ladies anniversary rings ladies eternity rings men's carved rings men's diamond rings alternative metal rings diamond studs design your own studs preset studs diamond pendants design your own pendants preset pendants diamond key pendants education center diamond education wedding rings metals engagement rings fine jewelry diamonds & engagement diamonds engagement rings wedding rings design your own diamond earrings diamond pendantsfaq determine your ring sizerequest free plastic ring sizerfine jewelry diamond jewelry gold jewelry gemstone jewelry pearl jewelry designer engagement rings gift ideas news iphone app downloads 3hdtm player virtual loupe® home > faq frequently asked questions need help? about us do you have a retail store located in my state? james allen does not operate retail locations. this allows us to cut overhead costs and focus exclusively on quality and service - providing you with a high quality product at a much better value than your local jewelry store.by the same token, we understand how important it is for our customers to see and feel jewelry - especially a piece of jewelry as personal as an engagement ring. that's why we offer free shipping on all our items, a 60-day money back guarantee, and free ring resizing for 60 days after your purchase.that being said, we have offices in both maryland and new york city, in the heart of the diamond district.we welcome visitors to our new york office. office visits are by appointment only. please contact our customer service center at 1-877-826-9866 to schedule an appointment. do you have gemologists on staff?yes. we currently have g.i.a graduate gemologists on staff at both our maryland and new york offices. these gemologists are an integral part of our customer service team. if you have any further questions, you can speak with a graduate gemologist at any time. you can also ask for me (james allen schultz) as well.where are the corporate offices of james allen? our corporate office is located in the heart of the new york diamond district. visitors are welcome. to set up an appointment, please contact us at 1-877-826-9866. we welcome your comments and suggestions. james allen customer service605 north bentz #203frederick, md 21701james allen corporate office6 east 45th streetnew york, ny 10017 insurance and long-term care do you care or clean for jewelry sold from your site?all jewelry purchased from james allen is eligible for a free cleaning every six months. you may also return your jewelry to our offices for free prong tightening, repolishing, rhodium plating and cleaning. contact customer service at 1-877-826-9866 for more information.do you insure jewelry?we provide you with an insurance appraisal that you can use to obtain coverage. jewelers mutual is a highly regarded insurance company that sells policies online. james allen does not insure jewelry.do you provide insurance appraisals?yes. every finished engagement ring or piece of fine jewelry valued at $1,000 or higher will be accompanied by a full insurance valuation. what is covered by your lifetime warranty?the lifetime warranty on your jewelry covers services like cleaning, polishing, prong tightening and rhodium plating -- all for just a small shipping charge. the lifetime warranty also covers the loss of side diamonds, assuming that the loss was not caused by damage. however, even with our lifetime warranty, it is important to have your ring insured. insurance covers both the loss of the entire ring and the loss of the center diamond. we highly recommend jewelers mutual. you can find more information about their policies and prices by visiting their website at www.jewelersmutual.com. orders and ring sizes after i put a diamond on hold, can i purchase it using your website?diamonds that have been placed on hold will appear unavailable through the website. your purchase can be completed simply by calling our customer service center at 1-877-826-9866.are "design your own" rings considered special orders and do they also come with a money back guarantee? every loose diamond, ring and piece of jewelry listed on the website is sold with a 100% money back guarantee. designing your own ring using our system or having your diamond mounted into any ring does not make the ring custom. custom orders refer to ring designs that are not on the jamesallen.com website. please note: all returns on engraved rings will require a $25 re-polishing fee. can i hold a diamond longer than 24 hours while i get more information?yes. if you have requested specific information about a diamond (such as additional images or reports) then we'll hold the diamond until you receive the information. can i order through your website?yes. you can purchase our loose diamonds, engagement rings or fine jewelry using our secure checkout process.can i place a diamond on hold?in order to place a formal hold, simply call or email our office with your full name, email address and phone number. holds are for 24 hours.can you engrave my ring? yes, we'd be happy to personalize your ring with an inscription for free. please note: there will be a $25 re-polishing fee if an engraved item is returned. how do i find my ring size?there are several methods available to determine your ring size (or the ring size of a loved one). please click here for a full list of the options available to you.i have my own diamond but i'd like to purchase one of your settings. can you set my diamond into a jamesallen ring?yes! every ring on the james allen website is available for purchase, regardless of whether or not you purchase a center diamond from us. many rings, however, cannot be manufactured unless we have the diamond in our possession. tension settings, rings with diamond halos, and other unique designs fall into that category. in these instances, we require you to send your diamond to our offices and you will be charged $150 for having your diamond set and for an insurance appraisal. to order those designs, please contact our offices and we will provide you with an exact shipping and insurance quotation. for all other designs, you can complete your order through our online shopping cart. when you check out with just a setting (and not a diamond), please provide us with the exact shape and millimeter dimensions of your diamond so we can include properly sized prongs. please note: while we will take every precaution to ensure that your diamond is professionally mounted into our ring setting, jamesallen.com cannot be responsible for any damage that may occur during the setting process. cz (cubic zirconia), diamond simulants, clarity-enhanced diamonds, gemstones, or other diamond substitutes are particularly prone to damage. any diamond simulants or enhanced diamonds should be clearly marked as such when sent to our offices.i saw a ring on your site, and i love it! can i try it on? definitely. at james allen, we understand how important it is for our customers to see and feel jewelry - especially a piece of jewelry as personal as an engagement ring. so here at james allen, we offer free shipping on all orders, with no minimum purchase. in fact, we're so confident that you'll be impressed by the quality of our jewelry that we offer a money back guarantee. if you're not satisfied with your order, you have 60 days to return your item and receive a full refund. nervous that you've ordered the incorrect ring size? that's no problem, either. we offer free ring resizing for 60 days after your purchase. even better, we'll send the newly-resized ring back to you, for free, via two-day fedex. i'd like to place an international order. do i pay customs fees to jamesallen or to the courier?when you place an international order, we will ship it to you for free. once the package arrives in your country, the courier will contact you to collect any taxes or duties. shipping is done via fedex international priority for orders over $500 in value and usually takes two to three days. packages valued below $500 are sent usps priority mail. if i purchase an engagement ring and a loose diamond, do i have to pay extra to have the diamond set into the ring?of course not! in fact, we encourage you to choose your diamond separately - this is what makes your jewelry unique!is the name james allen going to be inscribed inside my ring like i see in the pictures online?the james allen inscription shown in our online product images is to protect the copyright of our photographs and videos. your ring will only be stamped with the metal type (18kt or platinum) and the "ja" hallmark.what if i don't order the correct ring size?each customer is entitled to one free ring resizing within 60 days of purchase. after 60 days, the fee is $25 for gold rings and $50 for platinum rings. we'll return your ring to you (for free) via two-day fedex. please note that eternity bands and tension rings cannot be resized and must be completely remanufactured. what if i have a question about my order, want to change it, or need to cancel it?for questions about your order, call customer service at 1-877-826-9866, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, or send an e-mail to service@jamesallen.com. you can check your order status online by clicking here. you will need your order number and email address. what if i need help placing an order?if you would like assistance with placing your order, please call us toll free at 1-877-826-9866, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. our diamonds and jewelry are any of your diamonds laser treated, clarity enhanced, color enhanced, or modified in any way?jamesallen only sells diamonds that are 100% natural and untreated.the gemological institute of america (gia) and american gem society laboratory (agsl) will not issue grading reports on diamonds that have been treated or enhanced, so purchasing our diamonds - which are all gia or ags certified -- is another guarantee that your diamond is natural.are the gemstones used in your jewelry natural or synthetic?every gemstone used in our jewelry was mined from the earth. we do not sell synthetic or lab created gemstones.can i trade in old jewelry towards the purchase of a new item?yes. we can provide you with a free quote on any gia or ags graded diamond of 1/2ct or larger. however, we do not accept used rings or uncertified diamonds.how can i make sure the diamonds i receive are actually the diamonds i ordered?we ship every loose diamond and diamond engagement ring with an independent gia or ags lab report. this report can be examined by a qualified gemologist and compared against the unique characteristics of your diamond.how often do you add diamonds to your inventory?we add new diamonds to our inventory on a daily basis.i found a diamond in your website that i like. is it available?yes. all diamonds on our website are available for purchase.what are conflict-free diamonds?conflict-free diamonds are gems that were not obtained due to human rights abuses, child labor, violence, or environmental degradation. at james allen, we make sure that our customers receive conflict-free diamonds. our internal guidelines exceed government requirements. we manufacture most of our own diamonds, and therefore have first-hand knowledge of their conflict-free origins. we only purchase polished diamonds from professional members of the diamond trade. we have contracts with our suppliers that guarantee that their diamonds are conflict-free. when you shop at james allen, you can be certain that your diamonds are coming from the most reputable providers. read more about our conflict-free diamonds.what are the four c's?the four c's - carat (size), color, clarity and cut - are the industry grade standard from the gemological institute of america (gia). every diamond is specifically graded on these features.what are the gia and ags diamond certificates?a gia or ags diamond certificate assures the value and quality of your diamond. gia and ags are the gold standard in diamond grading. their reports detail key characteristics of each diamond.what does the term "eye clean" mean?"eye-clean" is a term used to describe a diamond that is clean to an unaided eye in a face-up position from a distance of 8 to 10 inches. diamonds of vs2 or higher in quality will always be eye-clean. diamonds of si1, si2 and i1 need to be visually inspected to determine whether any inclusions are visible from the top. we can inspect any diamond at no charge.what is "cut"?a diamond's cut determines how effectively it returns light to the viewer's eye: a well-cut diamond appears brilliant and fiery, while poorly cut stones look dark and lifeless. well-cut diamonds often appear larger than stones of the same carat weight. to learn more about cuts, click here.what is the quality of the diamonds you use for your engagement jewelry?smaller diamonds (often called melee) are cut in factories around the world and are available in a variety of qualities. the lowest quality goods are usually labeled as "commercial" and consist of i/j/k color and i1 clarity. "promotional" goods are higher in both color and clarity, but are still cut for maximum weight. the highest quality diamonds are often referred to as "collection". collection diamonds are finer in both color and clarity. they're precisely cut to maximize fire and brilliance. collection quality goods are only available from specialty dealers. we pride ourselves on using collection diamond melee in all of our engagement designs.are any of the gemstones used in your jewelry heat treated?yes. it is very common for natural gemstones to be heated. heating the stone can intensify color and clarity, making the gemstone more beautiful and valuable. in addition, emeralds are commonly infused with a colorless oil, wax or resin to improve their appearance and luster. nearly all rubies and emeralds on the jewelry market today are heated or treated in some fashion. payments can i pay with two different credit cards?yes. if you'd like pay with two different cards, please place your order over the phone with customer service at 1-877-826-9866, monday through friday, between the hours of 9 a.m.- 6 p.m. (est).what is the credit card security code?the security code is a 3 or 4 digit number that appears on your credit card. visa and mastercard users will find this code above the signature on the back of the card. discover and american express users will find this number on the top right of the front of the card.what types of payment do you accept? we accept all major credit cards (visa, mastercard, american express, and discover), as well as paypal, google checkout, certified checks and money orders, wire transfers, and personal checks.many customers purchasing items valued over $1,000 prefer paying by wire transfer. wire transfer orders receive a 1.5% discount from our listed price. customers paying by wire will receive wiring instructions once they have completed the check-out process. we must receive confirmation from our bank that a wire transfer has been completed before items can be shipped. at our sole discretion, we may require bank wire payment for any international order or orders in excess of $20,000.credit card orders can be placed online using our secure server or over the phone with our customer service department. for security purposes, james allen may request additional documentation (such as drivers license, photocopy of credit card, etc) on some transactions. when paying by personal check, certified check or money order, james allen reserves the right to deposit and hold each payment for up to ten business days. all check payments that are not received within one week of when the order was placed will be cancelled. each personal check and/or certified check must be drawn from a us bank account. personal checks must also have the customer's name and address imprinted on the front of the check. customers paying by check will receive mailing instructions once they have completed the check-out process. please contact our customer service department at 1-877-826-9866 if you have any additional questions. when will my credit card be billed?your credit card will be billed at the time of purchase.will i be charged sales tax on my order?james allen only collects sales tax on orders that are shipped to maryland and new york.will i receive a discount if i pay by bank wire?yes. bank wire customers receive a 1.5% discount off their entire order. privacy and security is shopping with james allen secure? yes. james allen ensures that our customers' purchases are secure. we use secure encryption and fraud protection for all credit card transactions. all sensitive data is encrypted using 128-bit secure socket layers (ssl). you can view our thawte certificate to view an independent verification of our site's security.will my personal information be shared with third parties?we keep your information 100% private and confidential. return policy what is your return policy? returnsif, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with your order, you may return it within the first 60 days of shipment for a full refund or exchange - we even pay for the return shipping. free returns only apply to u.s customers and are limited to three per customer. please note: there will be a $25 re-polishing fee if an engraved item is returned. to return an item, simply follow the return procedures listed below: contact our customer service department at 1-877-826-9866. advise the representative that you wish to return your order. within one business day of your phone call we will email you a pre-paid, fully insured fedex 2-day label, along with instructions on how to safely and securely package your items. take your order and the label to the nearest fedex location and simply mail it back to us! if you need packaging materials, fedex will assist you. your order should arrive in our office in two business days (excludes weekends and holidays). all refunds will be processed within two weeks and done in the form of the original purchase method. bank wires will be refunded via company check. improperly packaged items: items sent to our office without a ran number, packages shipped beyond the 60-day return period, and packages that are improperly packaged or uninsured will be refused receipt. damaged and used items: returned merchandise must be undamaged and in "new and unused condition." items showing obvious signs of wear or alteration by a jeweler other than james allen will not be accepted. loose diamonds: loose diamonds must be accompanied by the original laboratory grading report or a $150 charge will be assessed to replace the certificate.eternity bands and tension rings: eternity bands and tension rings usually cannot be resized and must be completely remanufactured. special orders: special orders cannot be returned. a ring plus center diamond that we mount together - such as the design your own rings - is not considered a special order. i purchased a loose diamond from you. do you have a buy back policy?yes. we have a two-year buy back policy. if you need to sell your diamond, we will buy back your loose diamond for 70% of the original purchase price. the diamond must be in original condition and accompanied by original laboratory grading document. please note that our buyback program only applies to loose gia or ags graded diamonds and does not apply to engagement rings or other fine jewelry.do you have an upgrade policy?yes. any diamond can be exchanged for 100% credit towards a new purchase valued at least 2x the original amount. the diamond being upgraded must be in original condition and accompanied by original laboratory grading document. we can also remodel most rings to accommodate the new diamond for a minimal charge. shipping are you a "drop-shipper"?every item sold by james allen is inspected by our quality control department prior to shipment to ensure care and satisfaction.are your shipments safe?yes. our items are fully insured during transit. all purchases require a signature at the time of delivery.can i ship to an address that is different from my billing address?yes.do you ship to military apo's?yes. we will gladly mail your purchase to any military apo using the us postal service registered mail. registered mail shipments are fully insured and can take up to three weeks for delivery, so order early!how long after i order will my item be shipped?loose diamonds are shipped fedex priority the same day as payment. all other jewelry and engagement rings will be shipped in 2-10 days, depending on the production schedule of that item. accurate shipping times are located on the detail page for each item. please note: overnight friday packages arrive on monday. to find out if your order can be expedited, please call our customer service center at 1-877-826-9866.can i receive my package on a saturday?yes, you may request a saturday delivery at no extra cost. to request a saturday delivery, please call our customer service center at 1-877-826-9866.i'd like to place an international order. do i pay customs fees to jamesallen or to the courier?when you place an international order, we will ship it to you for free. once the package arrives in your country, the courier will contact you to collect any taxes or duties. shipping is done via fedex international priority for orders over $500 in value and usually takes two to three days. packages valued below $500 are sent usps priority mail.what if i need an item sooner than the date listed on the website?rush orders are available. please call our customer service center at 1-877-826-9866 to find out if your order can be expedited.what if my jewelry gets lost during shipment?james allen takes every precaution to ensure that your order arrives safely. your order is fully insured during transit, and we require a signature for all packages.what is the cost of shipping? jamesallen.com provides fast, free shipping on all order destinations, regardless of order amount. international customers will be responsible for any duties, vat, taxes or surcharges levied or charged by their country, so please check with local authorities prior to placing your order to confirm taxes and duties. military personnel located overseas may also have their packages shipped to an apo or fpo location free of charge. please keep in mind, however, that apo/fpo shipments are done through the us post office and can take up to three weeks to arrive. click here for a complete list of countries that we serve. where do you ship diamonds?we ship diamonds to the u.s., canada and internationally. we deliver to your home, business, apo, or nearest fedex location. regarding deliveries to canada: customs taxes may vary, depending upon the nature of the item and the province you are having the item shipped to. for example, purchasing a loose diamond will not incur a customs tax, whereas a diamond engagement ring, diamond earrings or a diamond pendant will incur a customs tax from anywhere between 5% and 8.5%.) other than gst/pst/hst, there are no additional import duties for orders shipped to canada. before having an item shipped to canada, please learn more about the exact taxes and rates you may be subject to pay. click here for a complete list of countries that we serve. financing (u.s customers only) what is the luxury jewelry class (l.j.c) credit card account by james allen?the l.j.c. credit card account is a revolving line of credit issued by td bank n.a. that allows customers to benefit from special promotional financing options.what are the payment terms?the l.j.c. credit card account currently offers two financing options. please refer to our financing page for specific information: http://www.jamesallen.com/financing/.is there a minimum purchase requirement?yes, a minimum purchase amount is required. please refer to our financing page for specific information: http://www.jamesallen.com/financing/.is there a credit limit assigned?yes, upon approval, a credit limit will be provided and also included in the mailed materials which you will receive in 7 to 10 business days.can financing be combined with other payment methods?yes. once financing has been obtained online, simply call into our offices at 877-826-9866 and speak with a customer service representative. payments can be split between financing and credit card, bank wire, paypal and google checkout with one easy phone call.can international customers apply for financing?at this time we can only offer financing to qualified customers within the us.what methods can be used to pay the monthly bill?payments can be made directly on the l.j.c. credit card through their online payment system, which can be accessed here: https://www.myonlineaccount.net/. currently, online payments can be made via an electronic debit from your checking account. also, personal checks can be mailed to the following address:luxury jewelry classp.o. box 33802detroit, mi 48232-9998please make your check payable to department of accounts and that your account number is written on the front of your check.can i return an item that i financed within the 60-day return period?all orders approved for return within the first sixty days of shipment will receive a full refund on all monies paid, including any applicable charges or fees. will i receive a physical card in the mail?yes. within 7 to 10 business days of being approved for the l.j.c credit card account you will receive a card in the mail.can the james allen financing account be used for purchases like fedex return shipping labels for future warranty services?at this time the l.j.c. credit card account can only be used for qualifying jewelry purchases.can i add another person to my account?the only person(s) authorized to use the account are those named on the application for credit. tax & shipping calculator australiaaustriabelgiumbermudacanadadenmarkfinlandfrancegermanygreecehong kongirelanditalyjapankorea (south)netherlandsnew zealandnorwayportugalsingaporespainswedenswitzerlandtrinidad & tobagounited arab emiratesunited kingdom albertabritish columbiamanitobanew brunswicknewfoundland and labradornova scotianorthwest territoriesnunavutontarioprince edward islandquebecsaskatchewanyukon calculate experience jamesallen actual diamond photos tm virtual ring sizer customer testimonials revolutionary 3d imaging refer a friend visit us why jamesallen? 100% full refund 60-day return policy lifetime warranty free shipping free returns about jamesallen? about our company conflict-free diamonds upgrade benefits payment options contact us signup for special offers become an affiliate 2013-01-06 diamonds & engagement diamonds designer jewelry the perfect diamond wedding & anniversary the perfect wedding ring platinum engagement rings the perfect engagement ring recently purchased rings nick and sarah's travels devbox fine jewelry gift ideas gold jewelry pearl jewelry diamond jewelry gemstone jewelry the perfect diamond studs design your own 3hdtm player real diamond pictures design your own ring design your diamond studs design your diamond pendant design your three-stone ring 3d view gallery hand 3d view policies & education news policies downloads diamond education privacy policy terms of use site map cities miami dallas boston chicago atlanta houston new york philadelphia los angeles washington dc we welcome visitors to our offices by appointment only. please contact our customer service center to schedule an appointment. © 2011 james allen - all rights reserved. chinese | spanish | russian