来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151212181627/http://www.jamesallen.com/reviews/
================================================================================

jamesallen reviews 30-day returns 100% refund free returns lifetime warranty free shipping cad audcadeurgbphkdnzdsgdusd (0)cart wish list(0) my account my account my orders my details logout login 877-826-9866 | 24/7 our phone and chat services are now closed due to thanksgiving. we will resume service today at 10pm est. diamonds round cut princess cut emerald cut asscher cut oval cut radiant cut pear shaped heart shaped marquise cut cushion cut diamond engagement ring diamond studs diamond pendant canada mark™ diamonds true hearts™ diamonds fancy color diamonds matching diamond pairs engagement rings start with a settingstart with a diamond solitaire engagement rings pavé engagement rings channel-set engagement rings side-stone engagement rings three-stone engagement rings tension engagement rings vintage engagement rings halo engagement rings unique engagement rings royal halo diamond rings mille coeurs gemstone rings inspiration gallery wedding rings classic wedding rings stackable rings diamond rings anniversary rings eternity rings classic wedding rings carved rings diamond rings alternative metal rings gemstones blue sapphire pink sapphire yellow sapphire red ruby green emerald matching gemstone pairs gemstone engagement ring gemstone studs gemstone pendant gemstone rings gemstone earrings gemstone pendants fine jewelry design your own studs preset diamond studs mille coeurs gemstone earrings royal halo diamond rings mille coeurs gemstone rings design your own pendants preset diamond pendants key pendants mille coeurs gemstone pendants | education faq about home > reviews jamesallen reviews over the past few years, james allen has sold over $100,000,000 worth of engagement rings and loose diamonds. we encourage each of our customer to post their review of the product and the process of buying their ring or diamond from us. based on the thousands of reviews we receive on multiple review sites, we pride ourselves as the industry leader in quality ring manufacturing and customer satisfaction. please find below some of the most recent reviews written about jamesallen.com. you can click on the read more link at the bottom of each review column to read more reviews. ivouch i was fortunate enough to have a very close friend recommend jamesallen.com to me when i made the decision to propose. not know anything about diamonds, i was thrilled with the site's setup. it makes it very easy to understand all that goes into the quality of the diamond. the site offers you 360 views of each diamond, which is such an amazing feature to see the diamond that i would be purchasing. after spending quite a bit of time shopping around on the site, i decided to purchase through jamesallen.com. buying such a large purchase online made me nervous at first, but i was very pleased to discover the amount of support the staff at jamesallen provides. i was able to call during purchasing and their staff walked me through each of the step. we even figured out a proper location to send the ring as my house would not be work since my, now fiancée, lives as well. the staff reaches out to you at every step in the purchasing to ensure your complete satisfaction. i will definitely purchase through them in the future. now on to the ring. my expectations were blown away when i recieved the ring. the setting was beautiful and the diamond was brilliant. i am 100% satisfied with service and products that jamesallen and their staff provided. luke w. 10/10 (nov 05, 2015) i liked to thank blake clemency for the helping me fulfill my purchase. after two visits to a brick and mortar, i decided to go online for my engagement ring purchase. after reading blogs and reviews, i chose jamesallen.com over others. the main factor was the picture of the diamonds magnify at 20 times. it helped visually see the quality of the diamond. then, i asked for aset images on the diamond of my selections. blake fulfilled the requests and delivered promptly as promise. i reviewed the aset images and made my decision. blake was helpful throughout the process. in addition, he provided great information and worked efficiently. after i placed the order, the ring was manufactured and inspected. it took about 2 weeks before i got my ring. it was packaged nicely and great care. i will definitely purchase and will recommend jamesallen.com to anyone looking. kevin cheung 10/10 (nov 04, 2015) after looking through other websites and stores, i decided to go with jamesallen for my engagement ring. i loved the fact there was a tremendous variety of rings. the other part i liked was the ability to pick and see the diamond. my fiance tells me how she just sits there and stares at how beautiful it is. we had to get it resized and this was truly painless. i contacted customer service and was given the instructions and fedex label. i am totally satisfied and recommend anyone to shop here. don l. 10/10 (nov 04, 2015) my fiance bought my engagement ring off jamesallen.com and we couldn't be happier with the customer service (as well as the ring!)! it was also appraised for more than the purchase price, which doesn't hurt either. we're now looking at james allen wedding bands too! r.p. 10/10 (nov 01, 2015) very good service all round - absolutely nothing i could fault them with. i'd had a few minor hiccups when it came to payment, but they were incredibly attentive and responded to emails quickly, which made me feel like i was dealing with a reputable and responsible company - which was essential, seeing as i was buying from the uk. the ring itself is fabulous and turned up within about three weeks in an well presented box with all relevant paperwork. needless to say my new fiancee loves the ring and the aftercare email displaying the ring in full 3d is great for her to show it off to friends who don't live locally. there may be some other people who are looking at reviews and wondering whether this is a company they should buy from - the answer is a resounding yes from me. 5* service and 5* product. many thanks. richard s. 10/10 (nov 01, 2015) james allen's customer service is the best i have seen for an on line jeweler! they have been nothing but patient and very informative. they have answered my never ending questions with patience and professionalism. i received my ring in a beautiful box with all the bells and whistles! i loved the band, but i decided that i did not like the shape of the stone. the stone was beautiful, but not what i thought i wanted. the return process was painless and the refund was very quick. quicker than i thought it would be. this was a very stressful time for me, replacing a ring that i lost. james allen made it so much easier than i could have imagined. thank you for all your wonderful help and advice. regina d. 10/10 (oct 30, 2015) i ordered a custom engagement ring from jamesallen.com. the whole process was perfect. i communicated with a customer service rep over email to explain what i was looking for in my custom ring. i was sent pictures of diamonds to choose from. i was given a quote for the ring and was on the fence about ordering it. that's when my contact at jamesallen.com, anna ellis, came through with an excellent idea. anna noticed that i didn't live very far from where she was located in md. anna invited us to md to a jamesallen.com boutique to look at sample rings and diamonds in person. taking that extra step to meet in person, and give that personal touch made all the difference in the world. my girlfriend and i left that meeting feeling confident that jamesallen.com could provide us exactly what we were looking for. after the meeting, i finalized the request with anna. the ring was completed, shipped, and delivered... quickly. i proposed earlier this month and she said yes! my fiancée loves the ring. jamesallen.com absolutely nailed the design we were looking for. i would not hesitate to do business with them again... at all. 10/10 (oct 29, 2015) i wanted to get my girlfriend some nice diamond stud earrings but of course since i’m a guy i procrastinated. i quickly learned that getting them a local big box store was not going to be an option so i looked on line and stumbled across jamesallen.com. i was able to find to very similar diamonds and a nice stetting and it felt like i was shopping at a store with their enhanced views of the actual diamonds i was buying. her birthday was on a tuesday and i was 2 fridays out and figured i’d have plenty of time. however, since they had to be shipped and set first then inspected and overnighted to me, i quickly learned that i may not make my deadline. i worked directly with angelia jones and while she was not able to promise me my delivery date, she said they would do everything they could to make it. i honestly didn’t think they were going to make it and long story short, the diamond earrings arrived a few hours before dinner and i was able to give them to her to wear beforehand and she absolutely loved them! angelia jones even sent me updates along the way that helped including the best one the day before her birthday that said they would ship and make it in time! it all totally made spending over a grand on earrings totally worth it! thanks to angelia jones and to the entire james allen team! -mark mark k. 10/10 (oct 28, 2015) i love the ring i received, it was on time delivery and very fancy packaged. very thing was exactly as i wanted. i'm very happy with the purchase, i would recommend jamesallen to friends and family and i may make more orders in the future :) jiali w. 10/10 (oct 28, 2015) fantastic experience and everyone was really quick to answer my questions. they helped me narrow down my selection and inevitably pick out the perfect diamond with the best light performance over a slightly larger and more expensive one that would've been less stellar. fiancee couldn't be happier! alex c. 10/10 (oct 27, 2015) read more bizrate james allen did a great job overall with my purchase. ring came in a few days no hassle and the box was prefect in orientation. made me appreciate my wedding band that much more.10/10!love the store and glad i chose my wedding band from them. (dec 08, 2015) i was very wearing spending so much money online. ja was very responsive and helpful and the pictures of the stones really set them apart. the ring arrived quickly and was perfect. very glad i went with them. (dec 08, 2015) i was supposed to have the black friday discount of 25% off extend to me. i've chatted with 3 ppl from your online 24 hr customer service but when i checked my credit card statement, i see that i was charged full price. ina (dec 07, 2015) the overall experience was great and very satisfactory! the order was made and delivered on time and the staff was very helpful throughout! i highly recommend james allen to anyone looking to buy jewelry. ukumar (dec 04, 2015) i never received an email on tracking information or delivery and fedex randomly appared at my house, luckily i was there to receive the package and sign myself. the diamond and ring were flawless upon opening, but unfortunately the packaging and ring box were damaged. (dec 04, 2015) the ring is beautiful, but the description on the website and the appraisal didn't match. talking with the customer service person, i could see how they were similar, but the difference left me somewhat disappointed.i was pleased with the experience and merchandise chosen until i got to check-out. i had anticipated that one of two coupon codes would work. the website listed the code, but didn't apply the discount. bill l (dec 03, 2015) very good experience, i will and have recommended to friends. tommy (nov 30, 2015) i've done my research about all c exactly competitors. james allen is the place to go for maximum choice of products, better pricing, better representation of what the products look like. kat (nov 30, 2015) the ring was perfect and an exact fit. she loves her anniversary gift!great website and i really love being able to see the diamonds up close. ptguy (nov 27, 2015) amazing customer service. friendly, surprisingly quick to respond, and very helpful. david f (nov 27, 2015) please provide free shipping on ring cleaning and maintenance! you will beat any local store out of the water then. that was the largest debating factor due to the convince of just going in and getting it cleaned. but if i have to ship it for $30 then it will add up over time. it then becomes a better worth to purchase the warranty on a ring locally. honestly it will give your company a larger profit margin due to the fact that most people end up getting too lethargic to bring it in over years and decades. with that you will create a larger qty of sales, due to the same warranty standards as big name stores, but your prices are significantly less. my name is ben chu, and if you ever start this please include me. thanks for your fantastic service thus far. ben (nov 25, 2015) great shopping bd (nov 25, 2015) the ring exceeded my expectations. i'm sure that my girlfriend would have loved any ring i gave her, but she keeps telling me how the ring is perfect because of the design. she loves the setting which was one of the main reasons i chose to purchase the ring from james allen. also the real 3d pictures of the diamond gave me peace of mind. many james allen competitors have model picture and i did not feel comfortable spending a large sum of money on something that i have never seen. in my opinion this is what gives james allen the competitive advantage, if you are a buyer who truly wants to get the most for its money james allen is the way to go. the entire experience was great. i highly recommend james allen. (nov 25, 2015) beautiful ring and great value. highly recommended (nov 24, 2015) it was a great experience and i appreciated the selection. i only wish the rings were available in quarter sizes. michael (nov 23, 2015) read more google wallet excellent service and a greatproduct dale (mar 25, 2013) everything went well. the whole process of importing was clearly explained and the ring was exactly like i expected. stuart (aug 20, 2012) excellent; i need to get the ring re-sized and they have made it as painless and expedient as possible. incredible customer service. highly recommended. chasef (oct 12, 2011) fast, responsive, great maintenance policies. they even have someone specifically assigned to assisting you.thanks tammy! synaestheory (sep 11, 2010) this was my first time purchasing jewelries online and it was a scary one at first. but after making the purchase and saw how friendly customer support team was it makes me at rest. the package (engagement ring) took 7 days from the day i made the order until the it steps at my door in australia which was pretty fast. i cannot wait until i see the look on my fiance when she sees the ring... ;) mozomar (oct 26, 2011) the necklace was absolutely beautiful! jamesallen.com representatives were extremely helpful and prompt. i would definitely use jamesallen.com to buy products in the future. shopper (jul 8, 2011) the seller contacted me immediately after ordering to offer any assistance they could. the order shipped quickly and was exactly what i wanted. jacob (oct 4, 2010) a lot better than i expected! competitor reviews were not that great and so i was speculative about even buying online, but their entire team made me feel very comfortable and they made this experience very special! thanks jamesallen.com!!! shopper (jul 9, 2010) fast and friendly customer service along with a great selection make this store an excellent choice for your diamond jewelry needs! customer service follows up with you until you've satisfactorily received the product, and delivery was exceptionally fast. micheal (apr 23, 2010) the service that james allen provide before, during and after my purchase was simply awsome. they resize my ring at new york office a soon as i need it and all time they were so eficient. in fact i was so surprised about the beatifull ring, my fiance love it and the diamond was so beatiful better that a lot of option that i compared on new york jewerlies. simply: exellent shopper (mar 8, 2010) james allen and eileen were amazing in helping me get my ring and making sure i had it in time. the ring turned out perfect and i couldn't be happier.eileen made sure that the ring was delivered asap. i only took 3 days from when i ordered to when i received the ring. the presentation box was gorgeous. don't hesitate at all when ordering from james allen. adama (jan 12, 2010) read more sign up for our newsletter experience james allen 360° display technology virtual ring sizer jamesallen reviews refer a friend become an affiliate see us at sears custom design rings why james allen? 30-day returns 100% refund free returns lifetime warranty financing options free shipping jewelry insurance about james allen about our company conflict-free diamonds upgrade benefits payment options contact us cities finding the perfect jewelry the perfect diamond the perfect wedding ring the perfect engagement ring the perfect diamond studs tax & shipping calculator countryplease enter usd amountplease select countryplease select province sub total: duty: shipping: free total: close countryplease enter usd amountplease select countryplease select province       © 2015 james allen. all rights reserved. privacy policy view clue