来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171216074550/https://www.jamesallen.com/faq/
================================================================================

frequently asked questions (faq) | jamesallen.com 24/7 customer service lifetime warranty free international shipping 100% money back guarantee 24/7877-826-9866 call or text 24/7 loginwish list(0)bag(0)subtotal: cart checkoutusdaudcadeurgbphkdnzdsgd 10 years of yes engagement ringsdesign your own engagement ringstart with a settingstart with a diamondstart with a gemstoneget inspired by customer's ringsround cut ringsprincess cut ringscushion cut ringsall other shapesengagement ring stylessolitairepavéchannel-setside-stonethree-stonetensionvintagehalobridal setdesigner collectionverragiodanhovmartin flyerjeff cooperuniqueshop by metalrose goldwhite goldyellow goldplatinumready to shipdiamond ringsgemstone rings wedding ringswomenclassic wedding ringseternity ringsanniversary ringsdiamond ringsstackable ringsmatching engagement ring setslearn about wedding ringsmenclassic wedding ringscarved ringsdiamond ringsalternative metal ringsshop by metalrose goldwhite goldyellow goldplatinum diamondsloose diamondsroundprincesscushionemeraldpearovalradiantasschermarquisehearttrue hearts diamondscanada mark diamondsmatching diamond pairslearn about diamondsfancy color diamondsyellowpinkpurpleredbluegreenorangebrownblackgraydesign your ownengagement ringsearringspendantsready to ship jewelrydiamond earringsdiamond pendantsdiamond braceletsdiamond rings gemstonesloose gemstonesblue sapphirepink sapphireyellow sapphirered rubygreen emeraldmatching gemstone pairslearn about gemstonesdesign your ownengagement ringsearringspendantsready to shipgemstone earringsgemstone pendantsgemstone braceletsgemstone ringscustomer's gemstone ringsblue sapphire ringspink sapphire ringsyellow sapphire ringsred ruby ringsgreen emerald rings fine jewelryready to ship jewelrydiamond earringsdiamond pendantsdiamond braceletsdiamond ringsgemstone earringsgemstone pendantsgemstone braceletsgemstone ringsdesign your own earringsstart with a settingstart with matching diamondsstart with matching gemstoneslearn about fine jewelryjewelry insurancedesign your own pendantstart with a settingstart with a diamondstart with a gemstone education faq home > faq still need help? frequently asked questions about us + do you have a retail store located in my state? james allen does not operate retail locations. this allows us to cut overhead costs and focus exclusively on quality and service - providing you with a high quality product at a much better value than your local jewelry store.by the same token, we understand how important it is for our customers to see and feel jewelry - especially a piece of jewelry as personal as an engagement ring. that's why we offer free shipping on all our items, a 30-day money back guarantee, and free ring resizing for 60 days after your purchase.that being said, we have offices in both maryland and new york city, in the heart of the diamond district. + do you have gemologists on staff? yes. we currently have g.i.a graduate gemologists on staff. these gemologists are an integral part of our customer service team. if you have any further questions, you can speak with a graduate gemologist at any time. + where are the corporate offices of james allen located? our corporate office is located in the heart of the new york diamond district. we welcome your comments and suggestions. james allen customer service8490 progress drive, suite 125frederick, md 21701james allen corporate office551 fifth avenue, suite #601new york, ny 10176 insurance and long-term care + do you clean or provide care for jewelry sold on your site? all jewelry purchased from james allen is eligible for a free cleaning every six months. you may also return your jewelry to our offices for free prong tightening, repolishing, rhodium plating and cleaning. contact customer service at 1-877-826-9866 for more information. + what is covered by your lifetime warranty? all of our jewelry is manufactured using the highest quality materials and is inspected prior to shipment. we stand behind everything that we sell and warrant that all items will be free from any manufacturing defects at the time of delivery. our lifetime warranty offers free prong tightening, re-polishing, rhodium plating and cleaning services. in the event that there is ever a problem with your jewelry or you are in need of other services that are not covered under our lifetime warranty, your jewelry can be mailed back to our office for evaluation. once inspected, should charges apply, you will be notified prior to any work being done to service your jewelry. please contact us if you have any questions or would like to return your item(s) to take advantage of our free lifetime warranty or request additional repair work needed to service your james allen jewelry. + do you provide insurance appraisals?yes. every finished engagement ring or piece of fine jewelry valued at $1,000 or higher will be accompanied by a full insurance evaluation. + do you insure jewelry?although we provide you with an insurance appraisal that you can use to obtain coverage, we do not provide jewelry insurance. we have, however, partnered with jewelers mutual insurance company to provide you with the option of insuring your jewelry with its personal jewelry insurance*. insuring your jewelry with jewelers mutual® jewelry insurance is quick and easy, and leaves you with a feeling of emotional and financial security. learn more. (*insurance is available in all us states and canada [except the province of quebec]. james allen is not a licensed agent of jewelers mutual insurance company and does not sell or recommend insurance.) orders and ring sizes + i saw a ring on your site, and i love it! can i try it on? definitely. at james allen, we understand how important it is for our customers to see and feel jewelry - especially a piece of jewelry as personal as an engagement ring. so here at james allen, we offer free shipping on all orders, with no minimum purchase. in fact, we're so confident that you'll be impressed by the quality of our jewelry that we offer a money back guarantee. if you're not satisfied with your order, you have 30 days to return your item and receive a full refund. nervous that you've ordered the incorrect ring size? that's no problem, either. we offer free ring resizing for 60 days after your purchase. even better, we'll send the newly-resized ring back to you, for free, via two-day fedex. + can i order through your website?yes. you can purchase our loose diamonds, engagement rings or fine jewelry using our secure checkout process. + can i custom design an engagement ring?yes. custom designing an engagement ring is a great way to create a ring that is perfect for your unique personality—a beautiful expression of love. learn more about custom designing your own engagement ring or fill out this form to get started. you can also call customer service 24/7 for any inquires. + what if i need help placing an order?if you would like assistance with placing your order, please call us toll free at 1-877-826-9866, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. + what if i have a question about my order, want to change it, or need to cancel it? for questions about your order, call customer service at 1-877-826-9866, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, or send an e-mail to service@jamesallen.com. you can check your order status online by clicking here. you will need your order number and email address. + i'd like to place an international order. do i pay customs fees to james allen or to fedex?when you place an international order, we will ship it to you for free. once the package arrives in your country, the courier will contact you to collect any taxes or duties. shipping is done via fedex international priority for orders over $500 in value and usually takes two to three days. packages valued below $500 are sent usps priority mail. + how do i find my ring size? there are several methods available to determine your ring size (or the ring size of a loved one). please click here for a full list of the options available to you. + what if i don't order the correct ring size?each customer is entitled to one free ring resizing within 60 days of purchase. we'll return your ring to you (for free) via two-day fedex. please note that eternity bands and tension rings cannot be resized and must be completely remanufactured. + can you engrave my ring? yes, we'd be happy to personalize your ring with an inscription for free. please note: there will be a $25 re-polishing fee if an engraved item is returned. + if i purchase an engagement ring and a loose diamond, do i have to pay extra to have the diamond set into the ring?of course not! in fact, we encourage you to choose your diamond separately - this is what makes your jewelry unique! + i have my own diamond but i'd like to purchase one of your settings. can you set my diamond into a jamesallen ring? yes! almost every ring on the james allen website is available for purchase, regardless of whether or not you purchase a center diamond from us. many rings, however, cannot be manufactured unless we have the diamond in our possession. tension settings, rings with diamond halos, and other unique designs fall into that category. in those instances we require that you send the diamond to our offices and charge a $100 setting fee. to order those designs, please contact our offices and we will provide you with an exact shipping and insurance quotation. for all other designs, you can complete your order through our online shopping cart. when you check out with just a setting (and not a diamond), please provide us with the exact shape and millimeter dimensions of your diamond so we can include properly sized prongs. please note: while we will take every precaution to ensure that your diamond is professionally mounted into our ring setting, jamesallen.com cannot be responsible for any damage that may occur during the setting process. cz (cubic zirconia), diamond simulants, clarity-enhanced diamonds, gemstones, or other diamond substitutes are particularly prone to damage. any diamond simulants or enhanced diamonds should be clearly marked as such when sent to our offices. we also reserve the right to charge additional fees for diamonds or gemstones that are greater than 7mm in diameter. + is the name james allen going to be inscribed inside my ring like i see in the pictures online?the james allen inscription shown in our online product images is to protect the copyright of our photographs and videos. your ring will only be stamped with the metal type (18kt or platinum) and the "ja" hallmark. + are "design your own" rings considered special orders and do they also come with a money back guarantee? every loose diamond, ring and piece of jewelry listed on the website is sold with a 100% money back guarantee. designing your own ring using our system or having your diamond mounted into any ring does not make the ring custom. custom orders refer to ring designs that are not on the jamesallen.com website. please note: all returns on engraved rings will require a $25 re-polishing fee. our diamonds and jewelry + what are gia, ags and igi diamond certificates? a gemological institute of america (gia), american gem society (ags), or international gemological institute (igi) diamond certificate assures the value and quality of your diamond. gia, ags and igi are the gold standard in diamond grading. their reports detail key characteristics of each diamond. + what are the "four c's"? the four c's - carat (size), color, clarity and cut - are the industry grade standard from the gemological institute of america (gia). every diamond is specifically graded on these features. + what is "cut"? a diamond's cut determines how effectively it returns light to the viewer's eye: a well-cut diamond appears brilliant and fiery, while poorly cut stones look dark and lifeless. well-cut diamonds often appear larger than stones of the same carat weight. to learn more about cuts, click here. + what does the term "eye clean" mean?"eye-clean" is a term used to describe a diamond that is clean to an unaided eye in a face-up position from a distance of 8 to 10 inches. diamonds of vs2 or higher in quality will usually be eye-clean. diamonds of si1, si2 and i1 need to be visually inspected to determine whether any inclusions are visible from the top. we can inspect any diamond at no charge. + how can i make sure the diamonds i receive are actually the diamonds i ordered?we ship every loose diamond and diamond engagement ring with an independent gia, ags or igi lab report. this report can be examined by a qualified gemologist and compared against the unique characteristics of your diamond. + i found a diamond in your website that i like. is it available?yes. all diamonds on our website are available for purchase. + what is the quality of the diamonds used in your jewelry?smaller diamonds (often called melee) are cut in factories around the world and are available in a variety of qualities. the lowest quality goods are usually labeled as "commercial" and consist of i/j/k color and i1 clarity. "promotional" goods are higher in both color and clarity, but are still cut for maximum weight. the highest quality diamonds are often referred to as "collection". collection diamonds are finer in both color and clarity. they're precisely cut to maximize fire and brilliance. collection quality goods are only available from specialty dealers. we pride ourselves on using collection diamond melee in all of our engagement designs. + are any of your diamonds laser treated, clarity enhanced, color enhanced, or modified in any way? jamesallen only sells diamonds that are 100% natural and untreated.the gemological institute of america (gia), the american gem society (ags), and the international gemological institute (igi) will not issue grading reports on diamonds that have been treated or enhanced, so purchasing our diamonds - which are all gia, ags or igi certified -- is another guarantee that your diamond is natural. + are the gemstones used in your jewelry natural or synthetic?every gemstone used in our jewelry was mined from the earth. we do not sell synthetic or lab created gemstones. + are any of the gemstones used in your jewelry heat treated?yes. it is very common for natural gemstones to be heated. heating the stone can intensify color and clarity, making the gemstone more beautiful and valuable. in addition, emeralds are commonly infused with a colorless oil, wax or resin to improve their appearance and luster. nearly all rubies and emeralds on the jewelry market today are heated or treated in some fashion. + do the 18k white gold rings turn yellow over time? yes, very slightly. in order to give 18kt white gold a pure white color, it is plated with rhodium. this is a standard practice for 14kt and 18kt white gold jewelry. over time, the rhodium plating may wear off. when that occurs, the true color of the white gold (a slightly buttery off-white) will appear. james allen offers lifetime free rhodium plating on all our jewelry. + what are conflict-free diamonds? conflict-free diamonds are gems that were not obtained due to human rights abuses, child labor, violence, or environmental degradation. at james allen, we make sure that our customers receive conflict-free diamonds. our internal guidelines exceed government requirements. we cut and polish many of the diamonds on our website. we only purchase polished diamonds from professional members of the diamond trade. we have contracts with our suppliers that guarantee that their diamonds are conflict-free. when you shop at james allen, you can be certain that your diamonds are coming from the most reputable providers. read more about our conflict-free diamonds. + how often do you add diamonds to your inventory?we add new diamonds to our inventory on a daily basis. payments + what types of payment do you accept? we accept all major credit cards (visa, mastercard, american express, and discover), as well as paypal.many customers purchasing items valued over $1,000 prefer paying by wire transfer. wire transfer orders receive a 1.5% discount from our listed price. customers paying by wire will receive wiring instructions once they have completed the check-out process. we must receive confirmation from our bank that a wire transfer has been completed before items can be shipped. at our sole discretion, we may require bank wire payment for any international order or orders in excess of $20,000.credit card orders can be placed online using our secure server or over the phone with our customer service department. for security purposes, james allen may request additional documentation (such as drivers license, photocopy of credit card, etc) on some transactions. please contact our customer service department at 1-877-826-9866 if you have any additional questions. + will i receive a discount if i pay by bank wire?yes. bank wire customers receive a 1.5% discount off their entire order. + will i be charged sales tax on my order?james allen only collects sales tax on orders that are shipped to maryland and new york. + when will my credit card be billed?your credit card will be billed at the time of purchase,your credit card will be billed at the time of purchase, with the exception of amex and discover cards – amex and discover card payments will be authorized at the time of purchase, and the funds will be captured when the order is shipped. + can i pay with two different credit cards? yes. if you'd like pay with two different cards, please place your order over the phone with customer service at 1-877-826-9866. we are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. + what is the credit card security code?the security code is a 3 or 4 digit number that appears on your credit card. visa and mastercard users will find this code above the signature on the back of the card. discover and american express users will find this number on the top right of the front of the card. + do you offer financing?yes. james allen offers payment options to help you purchase the bridal jewelry of your dreams. learn more about financing to select the option best for you and complete the application form online. privacy and security + is shopping with james allen secure? yes. james allen ensures that our customers' purchases are secure. we use secure encryption and fraud protection for all credit card transactions. all sensitive data is encrypted using 256-bit secure socket layers (ssl). you can view our godaddy.com certificate to see an independent verification of our site’s security. + will my personal information be shared with third parties?we keep your information 100% private and confidential. return policy + what is your return policy? returnsif, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with your order, you may return it within the first 30 days of shipment for a full refund or exchange - we even pay for the return shipping. free returns only apply to u.s and canada customers and are limited to three per customer. please note: there will be a $25 re-polishing fee if an engraved item is returned. to return an item, simply follow the return procedures listed below: contact our customer service department at 1-877-826-9866. advise the representative that you wish to return your order. within one business day of your phone call we will email you a pre-paid, fully insured fedex 2-day label, along with instructions on how to safely and securely package your items. take your order and the label to the nearest fedex location and simply mail it back to us! if you need packaging materials, fedex will assist you. your order should arrive in our office in two business days (excludes weekends and holidays). all refunds will be processed within two weeks and done in the form of the original purchase method. bank wires will be refunded via company check. improperly packaged items: items sent to our office without a ran number, packages shipped beyond the 30-day return period, and packages that are improperly packaged or uninsured will be refused receipt. damaged and used items: returned merchandise must be undamaged and in "new and unused condition." items showing obvious signs of wear or alteration by a jeweler other than james allen will not be accepted. loose diamonds: loose diamonds must be accompanied by the original laboratory grading report or a $150 charge will be assessed to replace the certificate.eternity bands and tension rings: eternity bands and tension rings usually cannot be resized and must be completely remanufactured. special orders: special orders cannot be returned. a ring plus center diamond that we mount together - such as the design your own rings - is not considered a special order. + do you have an upgrade policy?yes. any diamond can be exchanged for 100% credit towards a new purchase valued at least 2x the original amount. the diamond being upgraded must be in original condition and accompanied by original laboratory grading document. we can also remodel most rings to accommodate the new diamond for a minimal charge. shipping + where do you ship diamonds? we ship diamonds to the u.s., canada and internationally. we deliver to your home, business, apo, or nearest fedex location. regarding deliveries to canada: customs taxes may vary, depending upon the nature of the item and the province you are having the item shipped to. for example, purchasing a loose diamond will not incur a customs tax, whereas a diamond engagement ring, diamond earrings or a diamond pendant will incur a customs tax from anywhere between 5% and 8.5%.) other than gst/pst/hst, there are no additional import duties for orders shipped to canada. before having an item shipped to canada, please learn more about the exact taxes and rates you may be subject to pay. click here for a complete list of countries that we serve. + what is the cost of shipping? jamesallen.com provides fast, free shipping on all order destinations, regardless of order amount. international customers will be responsible for any duties, vat, taxes or surcharges levied or charged by their country, so please check with local authorities prior to placing your order to confirm taxes and duties. military personnel located overseas may also have their packages shipped to an apo or fpo location free of charge. please keep in mind, however, that apo/fpo shipments are done through the us post office and can take up to three weeks to arrive. click here for a complete list of countries that we serve. + i'd like to place an international order. do i pay customs fees to james allen or to fedex?when you place an international order, we will ship it to you for free. once the package arrives in your country, the courier will contact you to collect any taxes or duties. shipping is done via fedex international priority for orders over $500 in value and usually takes two to three days. packages valued below $500 are sent usps priority mail. + can i ship to an address that is different from my billing address?yes. + do you ship to military apo's?yes. we will gladly mail your purchase to any military apo using the us postal service registered mail. registered mail shipments are fully insured and can take up to three weeks for delivery, so order early! + how long after i order will my item be shipped?to allow time for proper inspection by our gemologists, loose diamonds are shipped 1-4 days after payment. all shipping is fedex priority. all other jewelry and engagement rings will be shipped in one to three weeks, depending on the production schedule of that item. shipping ranges are located on the detail page for each item. please note: overnight friday packages arrive on monday. + are you a "drop-shipper"?every item sold by james allen is inspected by our quality control department prior to shipment to ensure care and satisfaction. + what if i need an item sooner than the date listed on the website? every engagement ring and wedding band on our website is carefully crafted at the time of order. while we are able expedite some orders, we highly encourage you to allow adequate time for your design to be completed and inspected by our quality assurance team. + are your shipments secure?yes. our items are fully insured during transit. all purchases require a signature at the time of delivery. + what if my jewelry gets lost during shipment?james allen takes every precaution to ensure that your order arrives safely. your order is fully insured during transit, and we require a signature for all packages. sign up for our email listmanwomanexperience james allen360° display technologyvirtual ring sizerrefer a friendbecome an affiliatecustom design ringspackagingwhy james allen?24/7 customer servicelifetime warrantyfinancing optionsfree shipping worldwidejewelry insurance60-day free resizingfree engravingtax & duty calculatorabout james allenabout usjames allen reviewsengagement momentsthe ja blogpresscitiesnyc showroomcontact uspoliciesconflict-free diamondslifetime upgradepayment optionsterms of useprivacy policy© 2017 james allen. all rights reserved. {".0.0":{"currencydata":{"currencyrates":{"currencyrate":[{"currencycode":"aud","rate":"1.3302","displaysymbol":"aud","currencysymbol":"au$","currencyname":"australian dollar","countrycode":"au"},{"currencycode":"cad","rate":"1.3018","displaysymbol":"cad","currencysymbol":"ca$","currencyname":"canadian dollar","countrycode":"ca"},{"currencycode":"eur","rate":"0.8826","displaysymbol":"€","currencysymbol":"€","currencyname":"euro"},{"currencycode":"gbp","rate":"0.7785","displaysymbol":"gbp","currencysymbol":"£","currencyname":"british pound","countrycode":"uk"},{"currencycode":"hkd","rate":"8.1481","displaysymbol":"hkd","currencysymbol":"hk$","currencyname":"hong kong dollar"},{"currencycode":"nzd","rate":"1.4444","displaysymbol":"nzd","currencysymbol":"nz$","currencyname":"new zealand dollar"},{"currencycode":"sgd","rate":"1.4293","displaysymbol":"sgd","currencysymbol":"sg$","currencyname":"singapore dollar","countrycode":"sg"},{"currencycode":"usd","rate":"1.0000","displaysymbol":"$","currencysymbol":"$","currencyname":"us dollars","countrycode":"us"}]}}}} error message what would you like to do? what would you like to do? what would you like to do? what would you like to do? general info log in email address password forgot password? your email and/or password is incorrect you have selected a ring setting and a loose diamond separately. would you like to combine them into a complete engagement ring? unfortunately this particular setting and diamond combination are incompatible. please contact us now and we’ll help you design your dream ring.877-826-9866 what would you like to do? what would you like to do? customer information in order to proceed, i agree to allow james allen to share information with sears. i am a shop your way member, and i would like to earn points for any purchase(s) i make. i agree to provide the necessary information to earn points. please note: the field(s) in red are required. looks like you're already registered!confirm your jamesallen password to connect with facebook your email and/or password is incorrectemail addresspasswordforgot password? forgot password? to reset your password, please enter your email address instructions to reset your password were sent to your email. a customer account with this email already exists, please use a different email address or log in. thank you. please check your email to confirm your registration. thank you for signing up for our exclusive offers. this is an actual diamond. click & drag from side to side to view in 360°. got it this is an actual gemstone. click & drag from side to side to view in 360°. got it click & drag from side to side to view in 360°. got it the page was sent to your friend. this specific setting requires a center diamond or gemstone. you already have a ring setting, would you like to change it? you already have a diamond setting, would you like to change it? the item that you are trying to select does not match your previous product selection.by proceeding to add this item, your previous product selection will be cleared.continue sorry, this item has just been sold.browse other diamondsbrowse other gemstonesbrowse other engagement rings contact us for help checkout failed, please try again close to save your wish list, create an account or log in: returning customer? log increate new account log in to your account your email and/or password is incorrect email address password forgot password? or  google create new account first name last name email addressthis email address already exists password confirm password gender woman man sign up for special offers diamond was added to comparison listview the list? are you sure you want to leave the ring concierge? your data will be saved. you can always come back by clicking the ring concierge icon are you sure you want to close the inspiration gallery ?   a mail with instructions has been sent to you. you're almost ready to start!just to let you know, your previous product selections may be cleared your monthly payments interest-free monthly payments pay over 3 months | no fees | 0% interest how it works (important to know) 1. the first month’s installment is charged to your credit card. to ensure all debts are paid off, the entire purchase amount is held in reserve on your card at no cost to you. 2. your credit card will be charged on a monthly basis and the same amount will be deducted from your credit line hold. 3. monthly payments will appear on your credit card statement, but the remaining amount on hold will not show up as debt. to be eligible, you will need to provide: * a valid credit card (visa or mastercard) * sufficient funds on your card to cover the entire purchase product price month #1 month #2 month #3 $6,000 $2,000 paid $2,000 paid $2,000 paid $4,000 held $2,000 held $0 held for more information view the splitit website email gender woman man sign up for special offers page load - render : 281.2491 ,snapshot:203.1315, page load end:203.1315 page load - stats :203.1315 total:93.7444 miniver : 0 spprocessor2 : 0 spp.getpagexml() : 93.7444 jtrans : 93.7444 xnlref : 109.3693 xnl n0 transform: 46.8798 xnl n0 : 156.2491 xnl n1 : 171.8771 xnl n2 : 171.8771 xnl n3 transform: 0 xnl n3 : 171.8771 xnl n4 transform: 15.6214 xnl n4 : 187.4985 xnl n5 transform: 0 xnl n5 : 203.1315 xnl loop : 203.1315 template:1,#bodycontainer processtime:0 template:1185.51,header processtime:46.8732 template:1185.52,footer processtime:15.6232 template:161,#widepane processtime:0 template:15,#pane processtime:15.6149 template:99,#breadcrumbspane processtime:0