来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221226230652/https://www.jamesallen.com/engagement-rings/
================================================================================

shop engagement rings | jamesallen.com you need to enable javascript to run this app. 24/7 customer servicelifetime warrantyfree shippingfree extended returnsall in for cyber week | 25% off* ends in 00:00:00:00dayshrs.min.sec.now in washington, d.c. engagement ringsdesign your own engagement ringstart with a settingstart with a diamondstart with a lab-created diamondstart with a gemstoneget inspired by customer's ringsround cut ringsprincess cut ringscushion cut ringsall diamond engagement ringsexplore men's engagement ringscustomize your engagement ringthe ring studioengagement ring stylessolitairepavéchannel-setside-stonetensionvintagehalothree-stonedesigner collectionverragiodanhovmartin flyerjeff cooperuniqueshop by metalrose goldwhite goldyellow goldplatinumwedding ringswomenclassic wedding ringsdiamond ringsstackable ringsmenclassic wedding ringscarved ringsdiamond ringsalternative metal ringsmen's wedding bandsanniversaryeternity ringsanniversary ringsdiamond jewelrydiamond studsdiamond pendantstennis braceletsshop by metalrose goldwhite goldyellow goldplatinumlearn about wedding ringsdiamondsdesign your own engagement ringstart with a diamondstart with a lab-created diamondstart with a fancy color diamondstart with a fancy color lab-created diamondstart with a settingthe ring studiopremier diamond collectiontrue hearts™ diamondsloose diamondsround saleprincesscushionemeraldpearovalradiantasschermarquiseheartfancy color diamondsyellowpinkpurplebluegreenorangebrownblackdesign your own jewelryearringsearth-created diamond pairslab-created diamond pairspendantsready to ship jewelryeternity ringsanniversary ringsdiamond studsdiamond pendantstennis braceletsgemstonesdesign your own engagement ringstart with a gemstonestart with a settingthe ring studioloose gemstonesblue sapphirepink sapphireyellow sapphiregreen sapphirered rubygreen emeraldcustomer's gemstone ringsblue sapphire ringspink sapphire ringsyellow sapphire ringsred ruby ringsgreen emerald ringslearn about gemstonesdesign your ownearringsmatching gemstone pairspendantsready to shipgemstone earringsgemstone pendantsgemstone braceletsgemstone ringsgemstone jewelryfine jewelryearringsdiamond studsdiamond earringsgemstone earringspearl earringsnecklacesdiamond pendantsdiamond necklacesgemstone necklacespearl necklacesbraceletstennis braceletsdiamond braceletsgemstone braceletspearl braceletsringseternity ringsanniversary ringsdiamond ringsgemstone ringspearl ringscategoriesearringsnecklacesbraceletsringsbirthstone jewelryprecious metal jewelryshop all jewelrydesign your owndesign your own earringsdesign your own pendanteducationloose diamondscutclaritycolorcaratfancy color diamondchoosing a diamondexplore our blogengagement ringsring typessetting typesring sizermetalswedding ringswedding ring stylefind the perfect ringgemstonessapphiresgreen emeraldred rubiesgemstone anatomyfine jewelrydiamond studsdiamond pendantspearlsfaq( 0)(0)usdcadeurgbphkdnzdsgdaud+1-412-314-9060call or text 24/7home / engagement ringsengagement ringsfind the perfect engagement rings for women and men at james allen. choose from classic to modern styles or design your own for a ring that is sure to shine.shop engagement ringsstart with a settingdesign your own engagement ringstart with a diamondshop engagement ring stylessolitairepavéthree-stonevintagechannel settensionside-stonehaloshop by metal typeswhite goldyellow goldrose goldplatinumjump into the designer’s seatenter the ring studio to design and create your engagement ring. the ring studio is an area of jamesallen.com that allows you to bring your dream engagement ring to life.get startedinspiration galleryexplore handcrafted rings that others have created and find inspiration of your own.explore customers’ engagement ringsvirtual ring sizer to help you find your perfect ring size,our experts have created a complete ring size guide just for you.try it outfree engraving choose a personal message as an extra meaningful touch. looking for engraving inspo?learn more herenew arrivals shop our newest collection of engagement rings and add some fresh shine to your collection.start shoppingshop diamonds by shapefrom round cut diamonds to princess cut diamonds and everything in between, find the diamond shape that speaks to you.roundovalemeraldmarquiseheartradiantprincesspearcushionasscherwomen’s engagement ringsour extraordinary women’s engagement rings collection spans timeless styles to the latest trends. find the one that lets you stand out and sparkle!shop women’s engagement ringsmen’s engagement ringsbrowse our amazing collection of engagement rings for men. whether you’re looking for something traditional or modern, we have the style for you. shop men’s engagement ringsreal-time ring inspectiontry our free real-time ring inspection that allows you to review your desired engagement ring with the help of one of our diamond and jewelry experts. follow these steps to set up your live inspection:1select your dream setting or start with a solitaire ring2look for the real-time inspection button3begin your live session!our customers love us“i was unsure at first but the huge choice of diamonds and ring settings, as well as the many positive reviews, eventually convinced me. delivery was super fast and the ring is exactly as described, pictures are 100% accurate and real. customer service is reliable, kind, and fast. would definitely recommend james allen and will certainly come back.”-francesco p.shop this ring“my fiancé loved the ring! in the end, that’s all that matters, right? james allen made the process a lot easier. i had the gia number verified at a local jeweler, just for my own peace of mind and the jeweler spoke highly of the ring’s construction and quality. thanks, james allen.”- spencer t.shop this ring“i loved the ability to pick and choose, the sizing chart on my phone was awesome and saved going into a shop front to find out what the size actually was. customer service was awesome and they always got back to me in a timely manner. shipping was super quick to australia and well packaged.”- ciaran p.shop this ring“my compliments to the james allen staff. not only were we very satisfied with the engagement and wedding band purchases, but the service was exceptional, easy and worry free. i will be back for additional jewelry soon. thank you.”- rodger b.shop this ring“i was skeptical, the rings that i saw at the mall and various shops did not seem as high quality as the rings displayed on james allen. i had help from a live online customer representative who asked the right questions and had a kind demeanor. the ring looked even better in person when it arrived. my fiancé and family loved it. choose james allen, you won’t regret it.”- hoover w.shop this ringread more reviewsjames allen guaranteelifetime warrantyfree shipping worldwide100% money-backguarantee24/7 diamond experts500,000+ certifiedconflict-free diamondsfaq about engagement ringshow much should i spend on an engagement ring?no matter what, diamonds are a huge investment. however, there is no ‘one size fits all’ answer. james allen has a wide range of engagement rings to suit all budgets. what size diamond is best for an engagement ring?the most popular diamond size chosen for engagement rings is a 1.0 carat center stone. however, couples can opt for both smaller and larger diamonds. another great and more affordable option at james allen is lab-created diamonds. lab-created diamonds are the next generation of diamonds that give you the benefit of purchasing a larger size diamond at a more affordable price.what are the different diamond shapes for engagement rings?there is a selection of diamond shapes to choose from. these include round, princess, cushion, emerald, oval, radiant, asscher, marquise, pear and heart shaped diamonds. how to choose diamond engagement rings?buying an engagement ring comes with many questions. at james allen, we’re here to offer you 100% free advice and will assist you in understanding the best diamond quality for your budget and unique preferences. our non-commissioned diamond and jewelry experts are available 24/7. contact us here.what are the 4cs?the 4cs include carat (size), color, clarity and cut, and are the globally accepted standards by the gemological institute of america (gia) used to assess the quality of the diamond.how to measure ring size?there are several methods available to determine your ring size (or the ring size of a loved one). please click here for a full list of the options available to you.what hand do engagement rings go on?traditionally, an engagement ring is worn on the left hand. however, in many countries and cultures around the world this may differ.how many carats should an engagement ring be?engagement ring carat sizes vary from person to person. size is affected by things like current trends, budget, and style preferences. the average engagement ring carat size is about one caratwhat should i know before buying an engagement ring?as a general rule, you should know your partner’s preferences and have a specific budget in mind so you can choose the best place to buy the perfect ring in your price range.what metals are used in engagement rings?white, yellow, rose gold and platinum are the most common metals used in engagement rings.sign up for our email listsign upby signing up you confirm that you have read the privacy policy and agree that your email and the provided information will be collected and used by james allen for the purposes of sending news, promotions and updates via email. you can withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing or contacting us via service@jamesallen.com.experience james allen360° display technologyvirtual ring sizerrefer a friendbecome an affiliateinfluencers & communitycustom design ringspackagingsite mapwhy james allen?24/7 customer servicelifetime warrantyfinancing optionsfree shipping worldwidejewelry insurance1 year free resizingfree engravingtax & duty calculatorabout james allenabout usreviewsengagement momentsthe blogcitieslocationscontact uscareerspoliciesconflict-free diamondslifetime upgradepayment optionsterms of useprivacy policycookies policyaccessibilityprivacy shield noticeid: na© 2022 james allen. all rights reserved.