来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221226230652/https://www.jamesallen.com/faq/
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | jamesallen.com 24/7 customer servicelifetime warrantyfree international shipping100% money back guaranteeget in the holiday spirit | 25% off* ends in 00:00:00:00dayshrs.min.sec. engagement ringsdesign your own engagement ringstart with a settingstart with a diamondstart with a lab-created diamondstart with a gemstoneready to ship engagement ringspreset diamond engagement ringsround cut ringsprincess cut ringscushion cut ringsexplore men's engagement ringscustomize your engagement ringthe ring studioengagement ring stylessolitairepavéchannel-setside-stonetensionvintagehalothree-stonedesigner collectionverragiodanhovmartin flyerjeff cooperuniqueshop by metalrose goldwhite goldyellow goldplatinumwedding ringswomenclassic wedding ringsdiamond ringsstackable ringsmenclassic wedding ringscarved ringsdiamond ringsalternative metal ringsmen's wedding bandsanniversaryeternity ringsanniversary ringsdiamond jewelrydiamond studsdiamond pendantstennis braceletsshop by metalrose goldwhite goldyellow goldplatinumlearn about wedding ringsdiamondsdesign your own engagement ringstart with a diamondstart with a lab-created diamondstart with a fancy color diamondstart with a fancy color lab-created diamondstart with a settingthe ring studiopremier diamond collectiontrue hearts™ diamondsloose diamondsround saleprincesscushionemeraldpearovalradiantasschermarquiseheartfancy color diamondsyellowpinkpurplebluegreenorangebrownblackdesign your own jewelryearringsearth-created diamond pairslab-created diamond pairspendantsready to ship jewelryeternity ringsanniversary ringsdiamond studsdiamond pendantstennis braceletsgemstonesdesign your own engagement ringstart with a gemstonestart with a settingthe ring studioloose gemstonesblue sapphirepink sapphireyellow sapphiregreen sapphirered rubygreen emeraldcustomer's gemstone ringsblue sapphire ringspink sapphire ringsyellow sapphire ringsred ruby ringsgreen emerald ringslearn about gemstonesdesign your ownearringsmatching gemstone pairspendantsready to shipgemstone earringsgemstone pendantsgemstone braceletsgemstone ringsgemstone jewelryfine jewelryearringsdiamond studsdiamond earringsgemstone earringspearl earringsnecklacesdiamond pendantsdiamond necklacesgemstone necklacespearl necklacesbraceletstennis braceletsdiamond braceletsgemstone braceletspearl braceletsringseternity ringsanniversary ringsdiamond ringsgemstone ringspearl ringscategoriesearringsnecklacesbraceletsringsbirthstone jewelryprecious metal jewelryshop all jewelrydesign your owndesign your own earringsdesign your own pendanteducationloose diamondscutclaritycolorcaratfancy color diamondchoosing a diamondexplore our blogengagement ringsring typessetting typesring sizermetalswedding ringswedding ring stylefind the perfect ringgemstonessapphiresgreen emeraldred rubiesgemstone anatomyfine jewelrydiamond studsdiamond pendantspearlsfaq( 0)(0)eurcadaudgbphkdnzdsgdusd+1-412-314-9060call or text 24/7 home / faq frequently asked questionsabout usdo you have a retail store located in my state?james allen has a retail location in the georgetown neighborhood of washington, d.c. (drop by anytime) and a 5th avenue showroom in new york city (don't forget to reserve in advance). we'd love to meet you there.however, we mostly operate online, which allows us to cut overhead costs and focus exclusively on quality and service. this all means that you receive a high quality product at a much better price than you would at your local jewelry store.not in d.c. or n.y.c. and still want to see your diamond jewelry in person? order your jewelry todaywe offer free shipping on all items, a 30-day money back guarantee, and a one time free ring resizing within the first year of your purchase, including free return shipping within the u.s. and canada for the first resize.do you have gemologists on staff?yes. we currently have g.i.a graduate gemologists on staff. these gemologists are an integral part of our customer service team. if you have any further questions, you can speak with a graduate gemologist at any time.where are the corporate offices of james allen located?our corporate office is located in the heart of the new york diamond district.  we welcome your comments and suggestions:  james allen corporate office 551 fifth avenue, suite #601 new york, ny 10176you may also send comments and concerns to our customer service offices:james allen customer service 8490 progress drive, suite 125 frederick, md 21701do you have a referral program?yes! when you refer a friend they will get $150 off their first james allen purchase. you will also get a choice of $150 off your next james allen purchase, a $50 gift card to amazon, or a charity donation option. learn more and start referring friends here.insurance and long-term caredo you clean or provide care for jewelry sold on your site?*all jewelry purchased from james allen is eligible for a free cleaning every six months. you may also return your jewelry purchased from james allen to our offices for free prong tightening, repolishing, rhodium plating, and cleaning. contact customer service at 1-877-826-9866 for more information.*exclusions and limitations apply. for specific details, refer to the terms and conditions here.do you provide insurance appraisals?yes. every finished engagement ring or piece of fine jewelry valued at $1,000 or higher will be accompanied by a full insurance evaluation.do you insure jewelry?although we provide you with an insurance appraisal that you can use to obtain coverage, we do not provide jewelry insurance.we have, however, partnered with jewelers mutual (jm) insurance company to provide you with the option of insuring your jewelry with theirpersonal jewelry insurance* plans. insuring your jewelry with jewelers mutual® jewelry insurance is quick and easy, and leaves you with a feeling of emotional and financial security.learn more.(*insurance is available in all us states and canada [except the province of quebec]. james allen is not a licensed agent of jewelers mutual insurance company and does not sell or recommend insurance).do you offer additional insurance coverage?we have collaborated with the jewelers mutual (jm) group to provide an upgraded 3-year or lifetime protection plan that protects your jewelry against even more of life's surprises. you can purchase either one of these plans during checkout or at any time afterward. click here to see what's covered and learn how to upgrade your warranty.what is covered by your lifetime warranty?*all of our jewelry is manufactured using the highest quality materials and is inspected prior to shipment. we stand behind every item that we sell and warrant that all pieces will be free from any manufacturing defects at the time of delivery. our lifetime warranty offers free prong tightening, re-polishing, rhodium plating, and cleaning services. in the event that there is ever a problem with your jewelry or you are in need of other services that are not covered under our lifetime warranty, your jewelry can be mailed back to our office for evaluation. once inspected, should charges apply, you will be notified prior to any work being done to service your jewelry. please contact customer service if you have any questions or would like to return your item(s) to take advantage of our free lifetime warranty or request additional repair work needed to service your james allen jewelry. interested in additional coverage? learn more about our 3-year and lifetime upgraded protection plans here. *note, the upgraded jm care plans™ are only available to customers located in the usa. exclusions and limitations apply. for specific details, refer to the terms and conditions here.orders and ring sizescan i order through your website?yes. you can purchase everything including our loose diamonds, engagement rings, or fine jewelry using our secure checkout process.can i custom design an engagement ring?yes. custom designing an engagement ring is a great way to create a ring that is perfect for your unique personality — and a beautiful expression of your love. learn more about custom designing your own engagement ring or fill out this form to get started. you can also call customer service 24/7 for any inquiries.what if i need help placing an order?if you would like assistance with placing your order, please call us toll free at 1-877-826-9866, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.what if i have a question about my order, want to change it, or need to cancel it?for questions about your order, call customer service at 1-877-826-9866, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, or send an e-mail to service@jamesallen.com.you can check your order status online by clicking here. you will need your order number and email address.i'd like to place an international order. do i pay customs fees to james allen or to fedex?currently, james allen is not collecting taxes on your behalf. in order to facilitate a more seamless delivery of your order, all taxes, duties, and vat are now automatically estimated but not applied to your order at checkout. the tax amount should be paid to fedex upon delivery.shipping is done via fedex international priority for orders over $500 in value and usually takes two to three days. packages valued below $500 are sent usps priority mail.how do i find my ring size?our virtual ring sizer offers multiple methods to determine your ring size (or the ring size of a loved one). please click here for a full list of the options available to you.i saw a ring on your site, and i love it! is it possible to try it on?definitely. at james allen, we understand how important it is for our customers to see and feel jewelry - especially a piece of jewelry as personal as an engagement ring. so here at james allen, we offer free shipping on all orders, with no minimum purchase. in fact, we're so confident that you'll be impressed by the quality of our jewelry that we offer a money-back guarantee. if you're not satisfied with your order, you have 30 days to return your item and receive a full refund.what if i need to resize my ring?*we will resize your ring once for free within the first year of your purchase, including free return shipping within the u.s. and canada for the first resize. international customers pay a small return shipping fee of $50. if more than one resize is needed or a resize is needed outside of the first year, a $25 fee applies to resize white, yellow, and rose gold rings, and $50 for platinum. the return shipping fee to send your item to us is $30 for us customers and $50 for international customers. we do not charge to send the ring back to you, so that service is always free. as part of our upgraded jm care plans,™ you get unlimited ring resizing at no additional cost to you for the duration of the plan. click here for more information. *some rings cannot be resized and will need to be remanufactured. this may be due to a size restriction, falling outside of the recommended range, or due to the design style. upon receipt and inspection of your ring, you will be notified prior to any work being done to discuss the charge to remanufacture your ring. during our 30-day return policy, you will not be charged if your ring needs to be remanufactured. there will be a fee for rings that need to be remanufactured outside the 30-day return policy. exclusions and limitations apply. it is important to know that your new ring may not look ‘exactly’ like the original, as minor variations can occur. for specific details, refer to the terms and conditions here.what happens when my ring is resized?during the resize process small amounts of metal will be added or removed to increase or decrease the size as needed. as a result, your ring may be slightly thicker or thinner when completed. this is a minor difference and may or may not be discernible to you. your resized ring will be inspected by quality assurance to ensure that our high standards are met and that your ring has been fitted to the size that you need. for a free resizing, just mail your ring to our offices. .can you engrave my ring?yes, we'd be happy to personalize your ring with an inscription for free. please note: there will be a $25 re-polishing fee if an engraved item is returned.if i purchase an engagement ring and a loose diamond, do i have to pay extra to have the diamond set into the ring?of course not! in fact, we encourage you to choose your diamond separately - this is what makes your jewelry unique! i have my own diamond but i'd like to purchase one of your settings. can you set my diamond into a james allen ring?yes! almost every ring on the james allen website is available for purchase, regardless of whether or not you purchase a loose diamond from us. many rings, however, cannot be manufactured unless we have the diamond in our possession. tension settings, rings with diamond halos, and other unique designs fall into that category. in those instances, we require that you send the diamond to our offices and charge a $100 setting fee. to order those designs, please contact our offices and we will provide you with an exact shipping and insurance quotation. for all other designs, you can complete your order through our online shopping cart. when you check out with just a setting (and not a diamond), please provide us with the exact shape and millimeter dimensions of your diamond so we can include properly sized prongs. please note: while we will take every precaution to ensure that your diamond is professionally mounted into our ring setting, james allen cannot be responsible for any damage that may occur during the setting process. cz (cubic zirconia), diamond simulants, clarity-enhanced diamonds, gemstones, or other diamond substitutes are particularly prone to damage. any diamond simulants or enhanced diamonds should be clearly marked as such when sent to our offices. we also reserve the right to charge additional fees for diamonds or gemstones that are greater than 7mm in diameter.is the name james allen going to be inscribed inside my ring like i see in the pictures online?the james allen inscription shown in our online product images is to protect the copyright of our photographs and videos. your ring will only be stamped with the metal type (18kk or platinum) and the "ja" hallmark.are "design your own" rings considered special orders and do they also come with a money-back guarantee?every loose diamond, ring, and piece of jewelry listed on the website is sold with a 100% money-back guarantee. designing your own ring using our system or having your diamond mounted into any ring does not make the ring custom. custom orders refer to ring designs that are not on the james allen website.please note: all returns on engraved rings will require a $25 re-polishing fee.our diamonds and jewelrywhat are gia, ags, and igi diamond certificates?a gemological institute of america (gia), american gem society (ags), or international gemological institute (igi) diamond certificate assures the value and quality of your diamond. gia, ags, and igi are the gold standard in diamond grading. their reports detail key characteristics of each diamond.what are the "four cs"?the four cs - carat (size), color, clarity and cut are the industry grade standards from the gemological institute of america (gia). every diamond is specifically graded on these features.what does "cut" mean?a diamond's cut determines how effectively it returns light to the viewer's eye. a well-cut diamond appears brilliant and fiery, while poorly cut stones look dark and lifeless. well-cut diamonds often appear larger than stones of the same carat weight. to learn more about cuts click here.what does the term "eye-clean" mean?"eye-clean" is a term used to describe a diamond that is clean to an unaided eye in a face-up position from a distance of 8 to 10 inches. diamonds of vs2 or higher in quality will usually be eye-clean. diamonds of si1, si2, and i1 need to be visually inspected to determine whether any inclusions are visible from the top. we can inspect any diamond at no charge.how can i make sure the diamonds i receive are actually the diamonds i ordered?we ship every loose diamond and diamond engagement ring with an independent gia, ags, or igi lab report. this report can be examined by a qualified gemologist and compared against the unique characteristics of your diamond.i found a diamond on your website that i like. is it available?yes. all diamonds on our website are available for purchase.what is the quality of the diamonds used in your jewelry?smaller diamonds (often called melee) are cut in factories around the world and are available in a variety of qualities. the highest quality diamonds are often referred to as "collection."collection diamonds are finer in both color and clarity. they're precisely cut to maximize fire and brilliance. collection quality goods are only available from specialty dealers. we pride ourselves on using collection diamond melee in all of our engagement designs. "promotional" goods are higher in both color and clarity, but are still cut for maximum weight. the lowest quality goods are usually labeled as "commercial" and consist of i/j/k color and i1 clarity.are any of the gemstones used in your jewelry heat treated?yes. it is very common for natural gemstones to be heated. heating the stone can intensify color and clarity, making the gemstone more beautiful and valuable. in addition, emeralds are commonly infused with a colorless oil, wax, or resin to improve their appearance and luster. nearly all rubies and emeralds on the jewelry market today are heated or treated in some fashion.do the 18k white gold rings turn yellow over time?*yes, very slightly. in order to give 18k white gold a pure white color, it is plated with rhodium. this is a standard practice for 14k and 18k white gold jewelry. over time, the rhodium plating may wear off. when that occurs, the true color of the white gold (a slightly buttery off-white) will appear. james allen offers free lifetime rhodium plating on all our jewelry. click here for more information about our plans. *exclusions and limitations apply. for specific details, refer to the terms and conditions here.can i resize my tennis bracelet?we now offer tennis bracelet resizing! there is a non-refundable fee of $75 to shorten the bracelet.any links removed will be returned to the customer. james allen does not keep the links nor provide a discount for the links that have been removed.once the links have been removed, the bracelet is non-refundable.we recommend that you first receive the tennis bracelet to ensure you love the style and then make your desired changes. please contact our customer service department if you have any additional questions.what are conflict-free diamonds?conflict-free diamonds are diamonds that were not obtained due to human rights abuses, civil war, child labor, violence, or environmental degradation. at james allen, we make sure that our customers receive conflict-free diamonds. our internal guidelines exceed government requirements:we cut and polish many of the diamonds on our website.we only purchase polished diamonds from professional members of the diamond trade.we have contracts with our suppliers which guarantee that their diamonds are conflict-free. when you shop at james allen, you can be certain that your diamonds are coming from the most reputable providers. read more about our conflict-free diamonds.how often do you add diamonds to your inventory?we add new diamonds to our inventory on a daily basis.lab-created diamondsis a lab created diamond better than an earth created diamond?this depends on what you’re going for; both lab created and earth created diamonds from james allen are conflict-free and vary in their diamond grading. lab created diamonds allow you to maximize your budget, giving up to 30% more size for the same cost, while earth created diamonds are incredible works of nature and the traditional choice.where do lab created diamonds come from?lab created diamonds are created in a lab, but that does not mean they are not real diamonds. scientists start with a diamond seed - a small sliver of chemicals - then expose it to temperatures and pressures to make it grow like a diamond under the ground. a carbon coating helps the diamond crystalize as it grows. this advanced technology simulates natural growth, allowing the seeds to mature from a sliver to a fully-formed diamond.are lab created diamonds the same as earth created diamonds? if not, how are they different?lab created diamonds and earth created diamonds offer identical optical and chemical composition. the sparkle is the same - the core difference between them is their origin.are lab created diamonds or earth created diamonds of higher quality?neither is inherently higher quality; both lab created and earth created diamonds are available in a range of qualities. for example, while the color of one diamond may be superior, the other diamond may be superior in clarity - this isn’t connected to the diamond’s origin.how is a lab created diamond made?scientists start with a diamond seed - a small sliver of chemicals - then expose it to temperatures and pressures to make it grow like a diamond under the ground. a carbon coating helps the diamond crystalize as it grows.will i still receive an appraisal and/or a laboratory certificate?yes. james allen lab created diamonds are graded to the same standards as our earth created diamonds. that means your lab created diamond will be accompanied by an independent laboratory report detailing its "4 cs" - cut, color, clarity, and carat weight. if your diamond is mounted into jewelry, it will also be accompanied by an insurance appraisal.okay, so the untrained eye cannot tell the difference between lab created and earth created diamonds. what about the trained eye?same deal, because lab created diamonds are virtually and chemically identical to earth created diamonds, they cannot be distinguished even with a professional loupe.will the return policy be the same?yes! we stand behind all our products and want you to be 100% satisfied with your purchase. you may return your jewelry piece for a full refund or exchange within 30 days.can i get insurance on a lab created diamond?yes! we partner with jewelers mutual (jm), a personal jewelry insurance company which insures both lab created and earth created diamonds. make sure to provide them with your insurance appraisal and policy documents.paymentswhat types of payment do you accept?we accept all major credit cards (visa, mastercard, american express, and discover), as well as paypal. many customers purchasing items valued over $1,000 prefer to pay by wire transfer. wire transfer orders receive a 1.5% discount from our listed price. customers paying by wire will receive wiring instructions once they have completed the check-out process. we must receive confirmation from our bank that a wire transfer has been completed before items can be shipped. at our sole discretion, we may require bank wire payment for any international order or orders in excess of $20,000. credit card orders can be placed online using our secure server or over the phone with our customer service department. for security purposes, james allen may request additional documentation (such as a driver's license, photocopy of credit card, etc.) on some transactions. please contact our customer service department at 1-877-826-9866 if you have any additional questions.will i receive a discount if i pay by wire transfer?yes. customers who pay by wire transfer receive a 1.5% discount off their entire order.will i be charged sales tax on my order?james allen collects sales tax on orders that are shipped to the following states: alabama, alaska, arizona, arkansas, california, colorado, district of columbia, connecticut, florida, georgia, hawaii, idaho, illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, kentucky, louisiana, maine, maryland, massachusetts, michigan, minnesota, mississippi, missouri, nebraska, nevada, new jersey, new mexico, new york, north carolina, north dakota, ohio, oklahoma, pennsylvania, rhode island, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee, texas, utah, vermont, virginia, washington, west virginia, wisconsin and wyoming.can i pay with two different credit cards?yes. if you'd like to pay with two different credit cards, please place your order over the phone with customer service at 1-877-826-9866. we are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.what is the credit card security code?the security code is a 3 or 4 digit number that appears on your credit card. visa and mastercard users will find this code above the signature on the back of the card. discover and american express users will find this number on the top right of the front of the card.do you offer financing?yes. james allen offers payment options to help you purchase the bridal jewelry of your dreams. learn more about financing to select the option best for you and complete the application form online.privacy and securityis shopping with james allen secure?yes. james allen ensures that our customers' purchases are secure. we use secure encryption and fraud protection for all credit card transactions. all sensitive data is encrypted using 256-bit secure socket layers (ssl). you can view our norton secured certificate to see an independent verification of our site’s security.will my personal information be shared with third parties?we keep your information 100% private and confidential.return policywhat is your return policy? if, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with your order, you may return it within the first 30 days of shipment for a full refund or exchange - we even pay for the return shipping.free returns only apply to u.s. and canada customers and are limited to three per customer. international customers pay a small return shipping fee of $50. please note: there will be a $25 re-polishing fee if an engraved item is returned. to return an item, simply follow the return procedures listed below:contact our customer service department at 1-877-826-9866.advise the representative that you wish to return your order. within one business day of your phone call we will email you a prepaid, fully insured fedex 2-day label, along with instructions on how to safely and securely package your items.take your order and the label to the nearest fedex location and simply mail it back to us! if you need packaging materials, fedex will assist you.your order should arrive in our office in two business days (excludes weekends and holidays).all refunds will be processed within two weeks and done in the form of the original purchase method. bank wires will be refunded via company check.improperly packaged items:items sent to our office without a ran number, packages shipped beyond the 30-day return period, and packages that are improperly packaged or uninsured will be refused receipt. damaged and used items:returned merchandise must be undamaged and in "new and unused condition." items showing obvious signs of wear or alteration by a jeweler other than james allen will not be accepted. loose diamonds:loose diamonds must be accompanied by the original laboratory grading report or a $150 charge will be assessed to replace the certificate.eternity bands and tension rings:eternity bands and tension rings cannot be resized and must be completely remanufactured.if you need to resize an eternity or tension ring outside the initial 30-day window, you will need to return your ring entirely. we will send the ring to the factory, who will inform us of the remanufacturing fee. in most cases, we are able to offer some credit toward the remanufacturing fee. the amount is not guaranteed and can vary, depending on the ring.special orders:special orders cannot be returned. a ring plus center diamond that we mount together - such as the design your own rings - is not considered a special order.do you have an upgrade policy?yes. any earth created diamond can be exchanged for 100% credit towards a new earth created diamond valued at least 2x the original amount. any lab created diamond may also be exchanged for 100% credit towards a new lab created diamond valued at least 2x the original amount. the diamond being upgraded must be in original condition and accompanied by the original laboratory grading document. james allen can also remodel most rings to accommodate the new diamond for a minimal charge.shippingwhere do you ship diamonds?we ship diamonds to the u.s., canada and internationally. we deliver to your home, business, apo, or nearest fedex location. regarding deliveries to canada: customs taxes may vary, depending upon the nature of the item and the province you are having the item shipped to. for example, purchasing a loose diamond will not incur a customs tax, whereas a diamond engagement ring, diamond earrings or a diamond pendant will incur a customs tax from anywhere between 5% and 8.5%. other than gst/pst/hst, there are no additional import duties for orders shipped to canada. before having an item shipped to canada, please learn more about the exact taxes and rates you may be subject to pay. click here for a complete list of countries that we serve.what is the cost of shipping?james allen provides fast, free shipping on all order destinations, regardless of order amount.i'd like to place an international order. do i pay customs fees to james allen or to fedex?currently, james allen is not collecting taxes on your behalf. in order to facilitate a more seamless delivery of your order, all taxes, duties, and vat are now automatically estimated but not applied to your order at checkout. the tax amount should be paid to fedex upon delivery.shipping is done via fedex international priority for orders over $500 in value and usually takes two to three days. packages valued below $500 are sent usps priority mail.can i ship to an address that is different from my billing address?yes.can i send my order to a pick-up location instead of a chosen address?yes. all domestic shipping, and international orders over $500 usd is done via fedex priority. you may choose to pick up your order at a fedex location instead of receiving your james allen package at a selected address.this option can be requested at checkout and is currently only available in the united states.do you ship to military apo's?yes. we will gladly mail your purchase to any military apo using the us postal service registered mail. registered mail shipments are fully insured and can take up to three weeks for delivery, so order early!how long after i order will my item be shipped?all domestic shipping, and international orders over $500 usd, is done via fedex priority.loose diamonds are shipped 1-4 days after payment to allow time for proper inspection by our gemologists. all other jewelry and engagement rings will be shipped in one to three weeks, depending on the production schedule of that item.are you a "drop-shipper"?every item sold by james allen is inspected by our quality control department prior to shipment to ensure care and satisfaction.what if i need an item sooner than the date listed on the website?every engagement ring and wedding band on our website is carefully crafted at the time of order. while we are able expedite some orders, we highly encourage you to allow adequate time for your design to be completed and inspected by our quality assurance team.are your shipments secure?yes. our items are fully insured during transit. all purchases require a signature at the time of delivery.what if my jewelry gets lost during shipment?james allen takes every precaution to ensure that your order arrives safely. your order is fully insured during transit, and we require a signature for all packages.chat nowget instant answers to your questions.email usall questions will be answered within two business days.call ususa: 877 826 9866outside usa: +1-412-314-9060 {".0.0":{"appdata":{"ismobile":false,"jadata":{"selectedcurrency":"eur","currencyrates":[{"code":"aud","rate":1.5686,"symbol":"au$"},{"code":"cad","rate":1.4359,"symbol":"ca$"},{"code":"eur","rate":0.991,"symbol":"€"},{"code":"gbp","rate":0.8627,"symbol":"£"},{"code":"hkd","rate":8.1771,"symbol":"hk$"},{"code":"nzd","rate":1.6471,"symbol":"nz$"},{"code":"sgd","rate":1.4401,"symbol":"sg$"},{"code":"usd","rate":1,"symbol":"$"}],"features":{"babenu":true,"careplanfeature":true,"categorysaleids":"all","checkoutms":true,"deepgrading":false,"diamond4k":false,"drophintoptions":true,"dropdownvalentinesdate":"2021-02-12","ecdpromo":false,"earthornatural":"earth-created","eyeclean":false,"fancypromo":false,"freeringpromotion":false,"gameofclues":true,"giveawayitemid":"15804225","hideyotporeviews":false,"homepagebannergifdisplay":false,"iggallery":false,"instorefeature":false,"inventorydatefilterfeature":true,"isinternetexplorer":false,"japari":true,"labpromo":true,"mobilehomepagering":true,"myaccountmobile":true,"newconsultbuttondesktop":true,"newconsultbuttonmobile":true,"newersplash":true,"newloginpage":true,"newmobilediamondpairitempage":true,"prevnextitem":false,"quickmobilejewelitempage":true,"r2playerfeature":true,"shoppingcartactivecampaign":"none","shoppingcartpaypalbutton":true,"showjewelsaleprice":true,"showpromotionbanner_server":true,"specialgalleriesbanner":true,"splitit":true,"splitit6":false,"stonesgallerypromotion":true,"subdomain":"www","taxcalculatorfedex":true,"uselocaldata":true,"activecampaign":"holiday22x3","bridgerpay":true,"byfastshipping":false,"byfastshippingstones":false,"bynewyears":false,"bynewyearsstones":false,"byvalentines":false,"byvalentinesstones":false,"byxmas":["true","true"],"byxmasstones":true,"careplan":false,"closeservice":false,"couponval":"empty","covid19":false,"covidny":false,"currencycode":"eur","currencyobj":"{\"rate\":0.9910,\"simbol\":\"€\",\"code\":\"eur\"}","dataakamai":"country_code=fi,city=helsinki,continent=eu","enddateextendedreturns":"2023-01-10","envcookie":"green","extendedreturns":false,"fastershipping":false,"giveawaycampaign":"none","giveawayminprice":"1000","giveawayproductid":"none","hideshippingdates":false,"holidayname":"thanksgiving","ismobile":false,"isnewsletterpopupactive":true,"isrefresh":true,"isserviceclose":false,"jacoupon":"holiday22","jacouponinternational":"none","jamaindeployment":"35316","lazyloadhomepage":true,"pagenumberfortrigger":"2","pickuplocations":true,"popupname":"newsletterpopup100campaign","reopendate":"november 25","reopentime":"5am","shipsintimepriorities":"byxmas,bynewyears,byfastshipping,byvalentines","showcampaignbycountry":false,"showstonesaleprice":true,"startdateextendedreturns":"2022-11-21","taxcountriescode":"us","topbannercampaign":"holiday22x3"},"userlocation":{"countrycode":"fi","city":"helsinki"}}}}}{".0.0":{"appdata":{"ismobile":false,"jadata":{"selectedcurrency":"eur","currencyrates":[{"code":"aud","rate":1.5686,"symbol":"au$"},{"code":"cad","rate":1.4359,"symbol":"ca$"},{"code":"eur","rate":0.991,"symbol":"€"},{"code":"gbp","rate":0.8627,"symbol":"£"},{"code":"hkd","rate":8.1771,"symbol":"hk$"},{"code":"nzd","rate":1.6471,"symbol":"nz$"},{"code":"sgd","rate":1.4401,"symbol":"sg$"},{"code":"usd","rate":1,"symbol":"$"}],"features":{"babenu":true,"careplanfeature":true,"categorysaleids":"all","checkoutms":true,"deepgrading":false,"diamond4k":false,"drophintoptions":true,"dropdownvalentinesdate":"2021-02-12","ecdpromo":false,"earthornatural":"earth-created","eyeclean":false,"fancypromo":false,"freeringpromotion":false,"gameofclues":true,"giveawayitemid":"15804225","hideyotporeviews":false,"homepagebannergifdisplay":false,"iggallery":false,"instorefeature":false,"inventorydatefilterfeature":true,"isinternetexplorer":false,"japari":true,"labpromo":true,"mobilehomepagering":true,"myaccountmobile":true,"newconsultbuttondesktop":true,"newconsultbuttonmobile":true,"newersplash":true,"newloginpage":true,"newmobilediamondpairitempage":true,"prevnextitem":false,"quickmobilejewelitempage":true,"r2playerfeature":true,"shoppingcartactivecampaign":"none","shoppingcartpaypalbutton":true,"showjewelsaleprice":true,"showpromotionbanner_server":true,"specialgalleriesbanner":true,"splitit":true,"splitit6":false,"stonesgallerypromotion":true,"subdomain":"www","taxcalculatorfedex":true,"uselocaldata":true,"activecampaign":"holiday22x3","bridgerpay":true,"byfastshipping":false,"byfastshippingstones":false,"bynewyears":false,"bynewyearsstones":false,"byvalentines":false,"byvalentinesstones":false,"byxmas":["true","true"],"byxmasstones":true,"careplan":false,"closeservice":false,"couponval":"empty","covid19":false,"covidny":false,"currencycode":"eur","currencyobj":"{\"rate\":0.9910,\"simbol\":\"€\",\"code\":\"eur\"}","dataakamai":"country_code=fi,city=helsinki,continent=eu","enddateextendedreturns":"2023-01-10","envcookie":"green","extendedreturns":false,"fastershipping":false,"giveawaycampaign":"none","giveawayminprice":"1000","giveawayproductid":"none","hideshippingdates":false,"holidayname":"thanksgiving","ismobile":false,"isnewsletterpopupactive":true,"isrefresh":true,"isserviceclose":false,"jacoupon":"holiday22","jacouponinternational":"none","jamaindeployment":"35316","lazyloadhomepage":true,"pagenumberfortrigger":"2","pickuplocations":true,"popupname":"newsletterpopup100campaign","reopendate":"november 25","reopentime":"5am","shipsintimepriorities":"byxmas,bynewyears,byfastshipping,byvalentines","showcampaignbycountry":false,"showstonesaleprice":true,"startdateextendedreturns":"2022-11-21","taxcountriescode":"us","topbannercampaign":"holiday22x3"},"userlocation":{"countrycode":"fi","city":"helsinki"}}}}} error message what would you like to do? what would you like to do? what would you like to do? general info you have selected a ring setting and a loose diamond separately. would you like to combine them into a complete engagement ring? unfortunately this particular setting and diamond combination are incompatible. please contact us now and we’ll help you design your dream ring.877-826-9866 what would you like to do? what would you like to do? customer information in order to proceed, i agree to allow james allen to share information with sears. i am a shop your way member, and i would like to earn points for any purchase(s) i make. i agree to provide the necessary information to earn points. please note: the field(s) in red are required. looks like you're already registered!confirm your jamesallen password to connect with facebook your email and/or password is incorrectemail addresspasswordforgot password? a customer account with this email already exists, please use a different email address or log in. thank you. please check your email to confirm your registration. thank you for signing up for our exclusive offers. click & drag from side to side to view in 360°. got it the page was sent to your friend. this specific setting requires a center diamond or gemstone. you already have a ring setting, would you like to change it? you already have a diamond setting, would you like to change it? the setting and diamond you have selected do not match.change your setting or diamond or contact our 24\7 customer service team for help. continue sorry, this item has just been sold.browse other diamondsbrowse other gemstonesbrowse other engagement rings contact us for help checkout failed, please try again to save your wish list, create an account or log in: diamond was added to comparison listview the list? *offer applies to ring setting only. does not include loose diamonds, gemstones, or designer collections. promotional discounts applied to an order are only valid for the item purchased and will not be applied to future purchases or exchanges after the sale ends. cannot be combined with any other offer. *offer applies to setting only. does not include designer collections. promotional discounts applied to an order are only valid for the item purchased and will not be applied to future purchases or exchanges after the sale ends. cannot be combined with any other offer. promotion ends june 13, 2019 at 11:59pm est. *with the purchase of any single true hearts diamond, receive 25% off your ring setting. excludes designer collections. cannot be combined with any other offer. are you sure you want to leave the ring concierge? your data will be saved. you can always come back by clicking the ring concierge icon are you sure you want to close the inspiration gallery ?   a mail with instructions has been sent to you. your monthly payments interest-free monthly payments pay over 3 months | no fees | 0% interest how it works (important to know) 1. the first month’s installment is charged to your credit card. to ensure all debts are paid off, the entire purchase amount is held in reserve on your card at no cost to you. 2. your credit card will be charged on a monthly basis and the same amount will be deducted from your credit line hold. 3. monthly payments will appear on your credit card statement, but the remaining amount on hold will not show up as debt. to be eligible, you will need to provide: * a valid credit card (visa, amex or mastercard) * sufficient funds on your card to cover the entire purchase product price month #1 month #2 month #3 $6,000 $2,000 paid $2,000 paid $2,000 paid $4,000 held $2,000 held $0 held for more information view the splitit website email gender woman man sign up for special offers sign up for our email listsign upby signing up you confirm that you have read the privacy policy and agree that your email and the provided information will be collected and used by james allen for the purposes of sending news, promotions and updates via email. you can withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing or contacting us via service@jamesallen.com.experience james allen360° display technologyvirtual ring sizerrefer a friendbecome an affiliateinfluencers & communitycustom design ringspackagingsite mapwhy james allen?24/7 customer servicelifetime warrantyfinancing optionsfree shipping worldwidejewelry insurance1 year free resizingfree engravingtax & duty calculatorabout james allenabout usreviewsengagement momentsthe blogcitieslocationscontact uscareerspoliciesconflict-free diamondslifetime upgradepayment optionsterms of useprivacy policycookies policyaccessibilityprivacy shield noticecookie settingsid: na© 2022 james allen. all rights reserved.page load - render : 296.8977 ,snapshot:265.6458, page load end:296.8977[[page-load-default3]] page load - stats :265.6458 total:203.1401 miniver : 0 spprocessor2 : 0 spp.getpagexml() : 203.1401 jtrans : 234.3879 xnlref : 234.3879 xnl n0, container:#bodycontainer transform: 0 xnl n0 : 234.3879, container:#bodycontainer xnl n1 : 234.3879, container:header xnl n2 : 250.0164, container:footer xnl n3, container:#widepane transform: 0 xnl n3 : 250.0164, container:#widepane xnl n4, container:#breadcrumbspane transform: 0 xnl n4 : 250.0164, container:#breadcrumbspane xnl n5 : 250.0164, container:#emptytemplate xnl loop : 250.0164 template:1,#bodycontainer processtime:0 template:1185.51,header processtime:62.555 template:1185.52,footer processtime:62.4559 template:216.261,#widepane processtime:0 template:99,#breadcrumbspane processtime:0 template:2154241.25305,#emptytemplate processtime:62.5034