来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20090604043333/http://www.1000bulbs.com/pg/customer_service/
================================================================================

customer service page 1000bulbs.com has light bulbs, rope lights, halogen & fluorescent light bulbs 1-800-624-4488 customer service shopping cart my account you are not logged in -select- light bulbs special discounts colored light bulbs christmas lights ballasts fluorescent hid batteries electrical dimmer switches compact fluorescents emergency exit lights fluorescent tubes full spectrum lighting fly control halogen light bulbs high pressure sodium lcd projection lamps lighting fixtures led lighting lighting controls medical dental lamps mercury vapor lights metal halide light bulbs miniature indicator bulbs patriotic lighting plastic diffusers tubes pulse start lamps rope lights recycling shatter resistant bulbs smoke detectors sockets surge protection stage studio lighting ultraviolet germicidal wedding lights light bulbs colored light bulbs special discounts ballasts fluorescent hid batteries christmas lights compact fluorescents dimmer switches electrical emergency exit lights fluorescent tubes fly control full spectrum lighting halogen light bulbs high pressure sodium lcd projection lamps led lighting lighting controls lighting fixtures medical dental lamps mercury vapor lights metal halide light bulbs miniature indicator bulbs patriotic lighting plastic diffusers tubes pulse start lamps recycling rope lights shatter resistant bulbs smoke detectors sockets stage studio lighting surge protection ultraviolet germicidal wedding lights home customer center customer service sales - technical support product inquiry shipping information feedback warranty employment credit application returns faq to cancel an internet order please call800-624-4488 ext 153 how can we help you? contact us 1000bulbs.com2140 merritt dr.garland, tx 75041 800-624-4488 e-mail us kim pedersen, founder of service lighting and electrical supplies (1000bulbs.com), got his start in the lighting industry over 25 years ago when he was employed as a salesperson in elkhorn, nebraska. kim sold light bulbs to commercial and industrial customers across the mid-western states. in 1982, he moved to dallas for a job with a national lighting distributor selling the same line of products. after many years in sales, kim decided to start his own company. he set up headquarters in mesquite, texas and started with a desk made of two saw horses and an old door. now 1000bulbs.com is one of the fastest growing companies in america. awards smu cox dallas 100 entrepreneurial elite 2007smu cox dallas 100 entrepreneurial elite 2008inc magazine's top 5000 private companies in americainc magazine's top 100 consumer products companies the inside story - 1000bulbs.com operations 1000bulbs.com - changing the way the world buys light bulbs customer service / account managers dedicated and friendly handling over 1,800 calls per day answering questions and offering solutions fulfillment organized processing over 700 orders per day shipping out over 850 boxes & 1300 line items per day 99.92% order accuracy rate ups tracking packaging organized packing process the art of packing glass orders arrive intact and undamaged quality control storage facilities 92% in stock ship rate receiving over 15,000 units per day buying power allows for the best prices available knowledgeable sales staff our ala, naild, lighting certified (ncqlp), and leed ® ap accredited sales professionals possess theknowledge necessary to help with every aspect of your lighting project. web content managers accurate information latest technology 2000+ products added or updated monthly internet award winning web site extensive easy to find inventory extensive knowledge base with product spec sheets and brochures learn from the the largest lighting database in the united states thank you from the 1000bulbs.com customer service teamwe could not do it without you customer service - 800-624-4488 ex 2504 return to top sales - technical support - 800-624-4488 ex 2502 return to top shipping information return to top shipping policy shipping costs are calculated at the time of purchase and determined by product weight and quantity. the standard shipping fee for most products is $9.93, and will be boxed together. heavy and bulky items require special attention and must be shipped separately. for these items, a standard rate will be charged. please note that orders shipped to hawaii and alaska may incur additional shipping charges. arrangements may be made to pick up the order at our garland, tx location. if you wish to cancel your order, call our customer service department during normal business hours at 800-624-4488. your order will typically be delivered in 5 to 7 business days, and most orders ship out the same day! in the case of a back order, we will notify you within 5 business days. please contact an account representative if you need your product delivery expedited or if you have any additional questions. all internet orders ship via ups ground. shipments to po boxes may incur additional charges. options such as overnight and orders outside the continental u.s. need to be handled by an account manager through our sales dept. if the order was placed during standard business hours (8:00-5:00 cst monday-friday), the account manager must be contacted within one hour of placing the order or 1000bulbs.com will assume the method is accepted and proceed with delivery. if the order is placed outside of standard business hours, the account manager must be contacted before 10:00 am cst the next business day. price matchingif you find a product at a lower price, including shipping and handling, 1000bulbs.com will match it. the item must be currently for sale at another online store and must be an identical, branded item that contains the same features. if you find an item that fits these criteria, please print the ordering page, with shipping and handling costs included, and contact an account manager within 30 days of the purchase. exclusions 1000bulbs.com will not match competitors' special offers, rebates, financing offers, clearance/closeout prices, or prices on used, damaged, returned, open box or display merchandise. for questions regarding any of our policies, contact our account managers at 800-624-4488. warranty information return to top products with written or expressed warranties over $5 will be replaced, or credited. products totaling less than $5 will be credited. if you have already placed an order and wish to cancel, call us during business hours to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma). or fill out an rma request form here. credit application return to top if you're interested in opening a line of credit with us just print, fill out and sign our credit application form. once it is completed, fax it to us at 972-764-5901. we'll contact you in 2 to 3 business days. don't forget, the application must be signed to be considered. if you have any questions please contact an account manager. returns return to top at 1000bulbs.com, we would like to help you resolve any purchase problems quickly and as easily as possible. you may make return, provided you meet the terms and conditions listed below. please note that not all items are covered by our return policy. before you make your purchase read the complete return policy information.you must fill out an rma request form that is located here. once this is completed and sent, please allow 5 business days for processing. important - please read returns - please note, not all items are returnable.return at customer discretionall returns require a return merchandise authorization (rma). returns without an rma will incur a 35% restock fee. an rma must be requested within 30 days of the original invoice date for non-defective product. thereafter, all sales are final. all items must be returned in "as new" condition in the original packaging and have all accessories, blank warranty cards and owners manuals. returns will be charged 20% restock fee unless a replacement order of equal or greater value is placed at the time of the rma. the restock fee is not a penalty. it is a costly process to prepare for resale and restock product made of glass and gas. shipping charges are non-refundable. when returning product, use a carrier that has tracking capabilities. the customer assumes responsibility for insuring the return shipment and filing the claim for lost or damaged returns. special order and non-stock itemsreturn or order cancellation of special order items will be charged up to 35% to 65% restock fee. the amount is determined by the manufacturer/supplier of the product. if you are not certain about the product to order, please contact an account manager who will assist you in making the proper selection. damage in shippingthe customer is responsible for inspecting the order for damages or missing items and reporting it within 24 hours. reports after that time will not be honored. product damaged in shipment will be replaced at no additional charge or credited to the credit card of original charge. the product must be kept in its original shipping packaging for ten business days or until the shipper makes inspection. credit will be issued for the exact number of fluorescent tubes damaged in shipment. shipments not delivered by the delivery company will be reshipped at no additional charge. fluorescent tubes will only be reshipped one time. after that, credit will be issued. defective productproducts are sold with their respective manufacturer's warranty. warranty periods and services vary by manufacturer and product. not all products are covered by a manufacturer's warranty. statement of "rated average life hours" does not designate warranty. all products are warranted for 90 days from the date of purchase regardless of manufacturer's warranty. after 60 days, the customer will be charged the freight for replacement. shipping and website errorsshould the customer receive product not expressly ordered either by our shipping error or incorrect website information, the product will be picked up by our shipper and replacements shipped at no additional charge. frequently asked questions return to top how do i know it's safe to submit my credit card number?1000bulbs.com takes our customers' security seriously and our site is very secure.  during the ordering process, if making a payment by credit card, the area in which the payment is made is a secured area of our web site. (a key, lock, or chain may appear in the browser's status bar to signify a secure area.) in this secure area, personal information will be encrypted and processed by an official employee of 1000bulbs.com.  personal information can also be submitted over the phone.  to contact an account manager call 972-288-2277. how do i cancel my order?all products with written or expressed warranties will be gladly satisfied, replaced or credited within the warranty time limit.  if you wish to cancel your order, call our customer service department during normal business hours.  unless the order is for a specialty item or the product has already shipped, your order will be cancelled without penalty.  if your order is for a specialty item, we will have to verify with the manufacturer that the order can be cancelled.  you would be responsible for any restock fees charged by that manufacturer.  if your order has already shipped, you will have to request an rma (return merchandise authorization) by following the warranty info link prompts in the customer care center.  you will be responsible for returning the shipment.  there will be a restocking fee and no reimbursement for the original s&h charge. what methods of payment does 1000bulbs.com accept?we accept visa, master card, and american express. if you prefer to purchase with a cashier's check, money order, personal check or purchase order, you must contact an account manager in our sales department. they will be happy to take your order, determine the freight and sales tax if applicable and advise you of the total. an order paid with a personal check will be held until all funds are available. this may cause up to a 3 week delay. how fast can 1000bulbs.com get my order to me?provided that the product is in inventory your order will typically be delivered in 5 to 7 business days.  if you need an order immediately, we recommend calling our account managers to ensure the products are in stock and can be shipped right away. 1000bulbs.com maintains 70% of our inventory on a 90 day stock level for excellent service to the client. we ship from garland, texas, (located just outside of dallas) a central location which assures fast delivery.  if you're a commercial customer in the dfw metroplex we can even deliver your order to your doorstep for a small shipping and handling fee. what happens if my order is lost or damaged?1000bulbs.com employs professional packers and shipping technicians who are experienced in glass shipping.  with all the precautions taken by our staff to ship our products securely it is rare that an order is lost or damaged.  in the instance that loss or damage does occur, our customer service department will correct matters to your satisfaction. will 1000bulbs.com sell my name and address to other companies?never!  any information provided is used by 1000bulbs.com only to serve our customers in the best and most efficient way.  your security is important to us and we do not sell our mailing list to anyone.  for more information, read our privacy policy. can i order items that are not found on your website?yes!  if there is a lighting product you have found on another website or in a catalog or store, we will be happy to get it for you.  please send an email or call one of our account managers with your product request. do you accept returns on ballasts?all sales are final on ballasts.  however, we will accept returns under the following conditions: hardware failure within the warranty period items that were shipped incorrectly products with stated or implied warranties in some cases, 1000bulbs.com inspects and tests ballasts for quality of construction.  if these ballasts prove to be superior, we will provide a warranty that exceeds the manufacturer warranty. will you substitute items that might not be available?yes, 1000bulbs.com reserves the right to substitute comparable brands if necessary. © 2009 1000bulbs.com garland, texas 75041 | all rights reservedgoogle | affiliate program