来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231143820/http://www.1000bulbs.com/pages/Customer-Service.html
================================================================================

1000bulbs.com welcome, guest login customer service shopping cart (0) shop by shape overstock light bulbs light bulbs standard light bulbs colored bulbs chandelier antique nostalgic light bulbs flood & spot lights more » compact fluorescents 2 pin 4 pin 2 to 200 watt flood lights decorative lights more » fluorescent tubes linear ubend more » halogen light bulbs mini bi-pin mr8 mr11 mr16 mr16 gu10 base 120 volt festoon - wedge g9 base jcds par16 par20 par30 short neck par30 long neck par38 frosted face pars more » high-intensity discharge (hid) high pressure sodium low pressure sodium mercury vapor metal halide pulse start more » blacklight bulbs par36 reflectors stage and studio light bulbs full spectrum light bulbs shatter resistant light bulbs medical and dental mini indicator lights ballasts ballasts fluorescent metal halide pulse start high pressure sodium emergency refrigeration neon sign more » christmas christmas lights c7 - c9 stringers (no bulbs) c7 - c9 light spools c7 - c9 replacement bulbs mini light strings battery operated lights christmas rope light icicle christmas light strings incandescent net lights restaurant & patio stringers professional curtain lights programmable mini micro strings tiny teardrop strings pathway lighted markers wreaths and column sprays more » led christmas lights led c7 - c9 light strings led c7 - c9 replacement bulbs led wide angle light strings led christmas mini light strings led net lights led icicle light strings led christmas light string system led globe decorative strings led mini berry light strings led snowfall lights more » clips and accessories bulb testers clips and stakes plugs, cords and sockets outdoor timers assorted accessories more » rope lights rope lights clear amber blue multi-colored purple red green pink yellow white cool white rope light accessories more » fixtures emergency and exit emergency exits w battery backups emergency lights and exit fixtures exit emergency combos photoluminescent retrofit kits self illuminated tritium more » commercial industrial compact fluorescent high bays wall packs fluorescent wrap fixtures floods recessed lighting more » smoke carbon monoxide alarms smoke detectors carbon monoxide detectors combination detectors more » residential chandelier pendant ceiling vanity and wall outdoor under cabinet multi purpose mini spots desk and table lamps more » track lighting low voltage track heads line voltage track heads low voltage track packs compact fluorescent accessories more » electrical electrical receptacles wall switches wallplates electrical switches weatherproof receptacle covers more » lighting controls dimming controls photo controls timers vacancy and occupancy sensors more » plastic diffusers and tubes fluorescent diffusers tube guard sleeves uv blocking plastic globes more » surge protectors sockets gu24 twist and lock fluorescent halogen hid incandescent socket extensions more » batteries batteries aaa aa c d 9 volt lithium photo rechargeable watch and remote control emergency fluorescent battery back ups more » led lighting led light bulbs and fixtures led light bulbs mr16 par20 par30 par38 decorative globes chandelier ceiling lights battery-operated fixtures pathway lights specialty lanterns more » recycling recycling batteries bulb eater compact fluorescent hid - mixed lamp lamp ballasts linear fluorescent more » all please fill in the highlighted fields. email address first name last name customer residential commercial featured categories light bulbs ballasts batteries blacklight bulbs christmas lights colored light bulbs compact fluorescents (cfls) electrical emergency lights and exit fixtures fixtures - commercial industrial fixtures - residential fixtures - track lighting fluorescent tubes fly and insect control full spectrum light bulbs halogen light bulbs par36 reflector bulbs hid light bulbs led light bulbs and fixtures lighting controls medical and dental miniature indicator light bulbs plastic diffusers and tubes recycling rope lights snaplight industrial grade 6 in. light sticks safety glow light sticks & safety supplies shatter resistant light bulbs smoke carbon monoxide alarms sockets - halogen fluorescent hid stage and studio light bulbs surge protectors ultraviolet germicidal light bulbs ventilation fans clearance customer service changing the way the world buys light bulbs what's new - shipping - returns - warranty - credit line - product inquiry - faq - contact us shipping information overview shipping costs are calculated at the time of purchase and determined by product weight and quantity. heavy and bulky items require special attention and must be shipped separately. for these items, a standard rate will be charged. please note that orders shipped to hawaii and alaska may incur additional shipping charges. pick-up arrangements may be made to pick up the order at our garland, tx location. cancellation if you wish to cancel your order, call our customer service department during normal business hours at 800-624-4488. delivery time your order will typically be delivered in 5 to 7 business days. in the case of a back order, we will notify you within 5 business days. contact customer service on all time sensitive deliveries to check inventory levels. p.o. boxes all internet orders ship via fedex. shipments to po boxes may incur additional charges. alaska & hawaiior apo, fpo & dposhipping for questions about our shipping outside the continental united states call: customer service: 1-800-624-4488 if you have after hours questions please use this contact form and a sales representative will contact you within 24 hours. international shipping international checkout is now available. for questions about our international shipping call: canada +1800.942.0721 ext 503 direct: +001.801.784.0250 important canadian ordering information: no brokerage fees we are very conscious of keeping your costs down on clearance and brokerage fees. for canadian shipments we do not ship ups or fedex ground to canada. all shipments are sent via priority or economy air delivery and you will not have to pay a brokerage clearance fee upon delivery, just the duty and tax on your package. this can save canadians as much as $50 cad in potential clearance charges by the shipping carriers. canadian shipments under $20 cad any shipments valued under $20 cad will not have any clearance fees, duty or tax. orders over $1000.00 usd if you are ordering over $1000.00 usd of product you may qualify for discounted shipping rates. this can depend on what you are ordering and the destination. to inquire about any potential savings please contact iglobal stores via phone or e-mail at orders@iglobalstores.com. if you have after hours questions please use this contact form and a sales representative will contact you within 24 hours. overnight options such as overnight and orders outside the continental u.s. need to be handled by an account manager through our sales dept. please call 800-624-4488 to place an order. if the order was placed during standard business hours (8:00-5:00 cst monday-friday), the account manager must be contacted within one hour of placing the order or 1000bulbs.com will assume the method is accepted and proceed with delivery. if the order is placed outside of standard business hours, the account manager must be contacted before 10:00 am cst the next business day. 1000bulbs.com customer satisfaction policy our products are of high quality and we want our customers to be satisfied with their purchase. therefore: a seven (7) day inspection period from date of delivery is allowed.if you are not satisfied with what you see, you may return the merchandise for a refund or arrange for replacement. please contact your account manager or customer service at 800-624-4488 and request a return merchandise authorization (rma) request form prior to shipping the item back to us. all returns must be approved and returned with shipping prepaid in original condition and in their original packaging and must be in as-new condition.our sales policy includes a 20% processing charge on all returns. shipping costs are not refundable. about warranties at 1000bulbs.com, customer satisfaction is our first and most important job. our warranty policy goes beyond our competitors and is one of the best reasons to do business with us. we want our customers to have a superior buying experience, every time. the warranty policy at 1000bulbs.com is designed to maximize customer confidence. please take a moment to review our policy. manufacturers warranties many products offered by 1000bulbs.com provide a manufacturers warranty. these are clearly stated on the website. please note: a manufacturers’ statement of average rated life hours does not imply a warranty. 1000bulbs.com supplemental warranty some products on our site are not accompanied by a stated factory warranty. we will stand behind those products, unless categorized as special handling, special order, or non-stock for ninety days from date of invoice. products in this category are usually replaced or credited back to the original credit card used for the original purchase. in replacing products covered by our supplemental ninety day warranty, 1000bulbs.com will pay for the shipping costs of the replacement (up to sixty days from date of purchase). please review the following special handling non warranty policy below to understand remedies for products exempt from the 1000bulbs.com supplemental warranty described above. special handling non warranted products certain product categories carry no manufacturers warranty and are exempt from the 1000bulbs.com supplemental warranty. these products are generally exempt because they must be adapted, modified, or otherwise manipulated in order to be used as intended. other products have an extremely short life rating due to design, such as stage and studio lamps. please review carefully the following prior to purchase: rope lighting we provide service remedies on spooled rope lighting products such as section replacement and invisible splicing kits, at no charge and with no shipping charge, for one year from the date of delivery. please contact your account manager or customer service for assistance. ballasts all ballasts have their respective factory warranties stated on our website. 1000bulbs.com will assist it’s customers with these factory warranties in the following manner: if a ballast is declared defective and is under warranty; the customer is asked to contact customer service or their account manager and ask for a return merchandise authorization. (rma) with the rma, our customer may return the declared defective product at the customer’s expense, for factory testing. when the factory tells 1000bulbs.com that the product is defective and not a product that has been improperly installed, we can credit our customer for the product and we will also credit the original shipping costs of that original ballast purchase. if a replacement is needed, it must be ordered and paid for as if it were a new order. (a credit for the defective may take from 2-4 weeks to be declared acceptable under warranty.) any and all remedies concerning ballast purchases will follow guidelines as set forth here. ballasts are not returnable under circumstances outside those described above. all of the ballasts sold by 1000bulbs.com are first quality products. all ballasts are factory tested and ready for customer application. factory testing of reported defective ballasts often reveals improper installation. warning: ballast wiring and installation procedures are very complicated and should be attempted by a licensed electrician only. ballast installation poses serious risks of electric shock which can lead to injury or death. stage & studio light bulbs many stage studio light bulbs provide average rated lives which are significantly less than 90 days (such as 25-75 hours). therefore, the 1000bulbs.com 90 day warranty may not apply to all stage studio light bulbs. special order & non-stock items special orders and non-stock items are sold as final sale, “no return items”. christmas lighting and all fixtures are considered special order and are non-returnable. please allow an account manager to assist you in this kind of purchase in order to guarantee that you are receiving the correct product. about damages we ship glass to all points on the globe. however, our packing procedures are one of the hallmarks of our business. 1000bulbs.com takes great pride in our very low incidence of breakage in transit. in order for a damage claim to be successful, 1000bulbs has to be notified of the damage within two working days of the damage. as the shipper, we will file the claim on the customer’s behalf and arrange for replacement at no charge and no shipping, or arrange for refund. the package must be received (not refused under any circumstances) and inspected. replacement and refund will be assessed according to the amount of the actual damage. if replacement is required on product that can only be shipped in case quantities, then a full case must be shipped and charged for, less the amount of the actual damage and no additional shipping charges. replacement limitations if the total amount of the product for replacement for either damage or defective, is less than ten ($10), a refund, rather than a replacement will be offered to the customer. shipping small one item packages severely increases the percentage chances for damage. refunds according to u.s. law, refund credits can only be returned back to the card of original purchase. in the event that a card can no longer be charged back (lost card etc.) an attempt on our part has to be made at least once and then a company check will be sent to the purchaser. the company check process can delay the time taken to receive the refund. shipping or website errors should the customer receive product not expressly ordered either by our shipping error or incorrect website information, the product will be picked up by our shipper and replacements shipped at no additional charge. frequently asked questions how do i know it's safe to submit my credit card number? 1000bulbs.com takes our customers' security seriously and our site is very secure. during the ordering process, if making a payment by credit card, the area in which the payment is made is a secured area of our web site. (a key, lock, or chain may appear in the browser's status bar to signify a secure area.) in this secure area, personal information will be encrypted and processed by an official employee of 1000bulbs.com. personal information can also be submitted over the phone. to contact an account manager, call 972-288-2277. how do i cancel my order? all products with written or expressed warranties will be gladly satisfied, replaced or credited within the warranty time limit. if you wish to cancel your order, call our customer service department during normal business hours. unless the order is for a specialty item or the product has already shipped, your order will be cancelled without penalty. if your order is for a specialty item, we will have to verify with the manufacturer that the order can be cancelled. you would be responsible for any restock fees charged by that manufacturer. if your order has already shipped, you will have to request an rma (return merchandise authorization) by following the warranty info link prompts in the customer care center. you will be responsible for returning the shipment. there will be a restocking fee and no reimbursement for the original s&h charge. what methods of payment does 1000bulbs.com accept? we accept visa, master card, and american express. if you prefer to purchase with a cashier's check, money order, personal check or purchase order, you must contact an account manager in our sales department. they will be happy to take your order, determine the freight and sales tax if applicable and advise you of the total. an order paid with a personal check will be held until all funds are available. this may cause up to a 3 week delay. how fast can 1000bulbs.com deliver my order? provided that the product is in inventory your order will typically be delivered in 5 to 7 business days. if you need an order immediately, we recommend calling our account managers to ensure the products are in stock and can be shipped right away. 1000bulbs.com maintains 70% of our inventory on a 90 day stock level for excellent service to the client. we ship from garland, texas, (located just outside of dallas) a central location which assures fast delivery. if you're a commercial customer in the dfw metroplex we can even deliver your order to your doorstep for a small shipping and handling fee. what happens if my order is lost or damaged? 1000bulbs.com employs professional packers and shipping technicians who are experienced in glass shipping.with all the precautions taken by our staff to ship our products securely it is rare that an order is lost or damaged. in the instance that loss or damage does occur, our customer service department will correct matters to your satisfaction. will 1000bulbs.com sell my name and address to other companies? never! any information provided is used by 1000bulbs.com only to serve our customers in the best and most efficient way. your security is important to us and we do not sell our mailing list to anyone. for more information, read our privacy policy. can i order items that are not found on 1000bulbs.com? yes! if there is a lighting product you have found on another website or in a catalog or store, we will be happy to get it for you. please send an email or call one of our account managers with your product request. do you accept returns on ballasts? all ballasts are pre-tested prior to shipping. all sales are final, however we will accept returns under the following conditions: hardware failure within the warranty period items that were shipped incorrectly products with stated or implied warranties in some cases, 1000bulbs.com inspects and tests ballasts for quality of construction. if these ballasts prove to be superior, we will provide a warranty that exceeds the manufacturer warranty. additional information warranty products with written or expressed warranties over $10 will be replaced, or credited. products totaling less than $10 will be credited. if you have already placed an order and wish to cancel, call us during business hours to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) — or fill out an rma request form. credit application if you're interested in opening a line of credit with us just print, fill out and sign our credit application form. once it is completed, fax it to us at 972-764-5901. we'll contact you in 2 to 3 business days. don't forget, the application must be signed to be considered. if you have any questions please contact an account manager. contact us direct numbers customer service: 1-800-624-4488 ext. 3 or e-mailtechnical support: 1-800-624-4488 ext. 4 local contact: 972-288-2277 mailing address 1000bulbs.com, 2140 merritt dr., garland, tx 75041 view larger map thank you, from the 1000bulbs.com customer service team.we could not do it without you — our valued customer! contact us shipping information about us faq employment e-mail specials © 2010 1000bulbs.com 2140 merritt dr., garland, tx 75041 | all rights reserved. patty // v1.9.33-1-gfe2f973