来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111228071456/http://www.1000bulbs.com/pages/Customer-Service.html
================================================================================

1000bulbs.com login or register customer service your cart (0) light bulbs led ballasts christmas rope lighting fixtures batteries plastics electrical featured categories go green clearance light bulbs led lamps and fixtures ballasts christmas lights rope lights lighting fixtures batteries plastic diffusers and tubes electrical untitled document customer service hours of operation: 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. cst what's new - shipping - returns - warranty - credit line - product inquiry - faq - contact us shipping information overview shipping costs are calculated at the time of purchase and determined by product weight and quantity. heavy and bulky items require special attention and must be shipped separately. for these items, a standard rate will be charged. please note that orders shipped to hawaii and alaska may incur additional shipping charges. local area pick-up customer pick-up orders are available between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. on the day following your order. rush orders are subject to a processing fee. please contact a sales representative at 1-800-624-4488 for all pick-up orders and information. major credit cards or on-account terms only, please. cancellation if you wish to cancel your order, call our customer service department during normal business hours at 1-800-624-4488. p.o. boxes all internet orders ship via fedex. shipments to po boxes may incur additional charges. alaska & hawaiior apo, fpo & dposhipping for questions about our shipping outside the continental united states call: customer service: 1-800-624-4488 if you have after hours questions please use this contact form and a sales representative will contact you within 24 hours. international shipping international checkout is now available. for questions about our international shipping call: canada +1800.942.0721 ext 503 direct: +001.801.784.0250 important canadian ordering information: no brokerage fees we are very conscious of keeping your costs down on clearance and brokerage fees. for canadian shipments we do not ship ups or fedex ground to canada. all shipments are sent via priority or economy air delivery and you will not have to pay a brokerage clearance fee upon delivery, just the duty and tax on your package. this can save canadians as much as $50 cad in potential clearance charges by the shipping carriers. canadian shipments under $20 cad any shipments valued under $20 cad will not have any clearance fees, duty or tax. orders over $1000.00 usd if you are ordering over $1000.00 usd of product you may qualify for discounted shipping rates. this can depend on what you are ordering and the destination. to inquire about any potential savings please contact iglobal stores via phone or e-mail at orders@iglobalstores.com. if you have after hours questions please use this contact form and a sales representative will contact you within 24 hours. overnight options such as overnight and orders outside the continental u.s. need to be handled by an account manager through our sales dept. please call 1-800-624-4488 to place an order. if the order was placed during standard business hours (8:00-5:00 cst monday-friday), the account manager must be contacted within one hour of placing the order or 1000bulbs.com will assume the method is accepted and proceed with delivery. if the order is placed outside of standard business hours, the account manager must be contacted before 10:00 am cst the next business day. 1000bulbs.com customer satisfaction policy our products are of high quality and we want our customers to be satisfied with their purchase. therefore: a seven (7) day inspection period from date of delivery is allowed.if you are not satisfied with what you see, you may return the merchandise for a refund or arrange for replacement. please contact your account manager or customer service at 1-800-624-4488 and request a return merchandise authorization (rma) request form prior to shipping the item back to us. all returns must be approved and returned with shipping prepaid in original condition and in their original packaging and must be in as-new condition.1000bulbs.com reserves the right to impose a restocking fee on unauthorized or unusual returns. shipping costs are not refundable. about warranties at 1000bulbs.com, customer satisfaction is our first and most important job. our warranty policy goes beyond our competitors and is one of the best reasons to do business with us. we want our customers to have a superior buying experience, every time. the warranty policy at 1000bulbs.com is designed to maximize customer confidence. please take a moment to review our policy. manufacturer's warranties many products offered by 1000bulbs.com provide a manufacturer's warranty. these are clearly stated on the website. please note: a manufacturer's statement of average rated life hours does not imply a warranty. 1000bulbs.com supplemental warranty some products on our site are not accompanied by a stated factory warranty. we will stand behind those products, unless categorized as special handling, special order, or non-stock for ninety days from date of invoice. products in this category are usually replaced or credited back to the original credit card used for the original purchase. in replacing products covered by our supplemental ninety day warranty, 1000bulbs.com will pay for the shipping costs of the replacement (up to sixty days from date of purchase). please review the following special handling non warranty policy below to understand remedies for products exempt from the 1000bulbs.com supplemental warranty described above. special handling non-warranted products certain product categories carry no manufacturer's warranty and are exempt from the 1000bulbs.com supplemental warranty. these products are generally exempt because they must be adapted, modified, or otherwise manipulated in order to be used as intended. other products have an extremely short life rating due to design, such as stage and studio lamps. please review carefully the following prior to purchase: rope lighting we provide service remedies on spooled rope lighting products such as section replacement and invisible splicing kits, at no charge and with no shipping charge, for one year from the date of delivery. please contact your account manager or customer service for assistance. ballasts all ballasts have their respective factory warranties stated on our website. 1000bulbs.com will assist its customers with these factory warranties in the following manner: if a ballast is declared defective and is under warranty; the customer is asked to contact customer service or their account manager and ask for a return merchandise authorization. (rma) with the rma, our customer may return the declared defective product at the customer's expense, for factory testing. when the factory tells 1000bulbs.com that the product is defective and not a product that has been improperly installed, we can credit our customer for the product and we will also credit the original shipping costs of that original ballast purchase. if a replacement is needed, it must be ordered and paid for as if it were a new order. (a credit for the defective may take from 2-4 weeks to be declared acceptable under warranty.) any and all remedies concerning ballast purchases will follow guidelines as set forth here. ballasts are not returnable under circumstances outside those described above. all of the ballasts sold by 1000bulbs.com are first quality products. all ballasts are factory tested and ready for customer application. factory testing of reported defective ballasts often reveals improper installation. warning: ballast wiring and installation procedures are very complicated and should be attempted by a licensed electrician only. ballast installation poses serious risks of electric shock which can lead to injury or death. stage & studio light bulbs many stage studio light bulbs provide average rated lives which are significantly less than 90 days (such as 25-75 hours). therefore, the 1000bulbs.com 90 day warranty may not apply to all stage studio light bulbs. christmas lighting and decorations christmas products are subject to the 7-day inspection period referenced in our customer satisfaction policy, please see details above. however christmas products are not eligible for return, for any reason, after december 24 of the year in which the purchase was transacted. damaged goods must be reported within the 7 day inspection period. warranty procedures may still be employed at any time of incidence. special order & non-stock items special orders and non-stock items are sold as final sale, "no return items". all fixtures are considered special order and are non-returnable. please allow an account manager to assist you in this kind of purchase in order to guarantee that you are receiving the correct product. about damages we ship glass to all points on the globe. however, our packing procedures are one of the hallmarks of our business. 1000bulbs.com takes great pride in our very low incidence of breakage in transit. in order for a damage claim to be successful, 1000bulbs.com has to be notified of the damage within two working days of the damage. as the shipper, we will file the claim on the customer's behalf and arrange for replacement at no charge and no shipping, or arrange for refund. the package must be received (not refused under any circumstances) and inspected. replacement and refund will be assessed according to the amount of the actual damage. if replacement is required on product that can only be shipped in case quantities, then a full case must be shipped and charged for, less the amount of the actual damage and no additional shipping charges. replacement limitations if the total amount of the product for replacement for either damage or defective, is less than ten ($10), a refund, rather than a replacement will be offered to the customer. shipping small one item packages severely increases the percentage chances for damage. refunds according to u.s. law, refund credits can only be returned back to the card of original purchase. in the event that a card can no longer be charged back (lost card etc.) an attempt on our part has to be made at least once and then a company check will be sent to the purchaser. the company check process can delay the time taken to receive the refund. shipping or website errors should the customer receive product not expressly ordered either by our shipping error or incorrect website information, the product will be picked up by our shipper and replacements shipped at no additional charge. frequently asked questions how do i know it's safe to submit my credit card number? 1000bulbs.com takes our customers' security seriously and our site is very secure. during the ordering process, if making a payment by credit card, the area in which the payment is made is a secured area of our web site. (a key, lock, or chain may appear in the browser's status bar to signify a secure area.) in this secure area, personal information will be encrypted and processed by an official employee of 1000bulbs.com. personal information can also be submitted over the phone. to contact an account manager, call 972-288-2277. how do i cancel my order? all products with written or expressed warranties will be gladly satisfied, replaced or credited within the warranty time limit. if you wish to cancel your order, call our customer service department during normal business hours. unless the order is for a specialty item or the product has already shipped, your order will be cancelled without penalty. if your order is for a specialty item, we will have to verify with the manufacturer that the order can be cancelled. you would be responsible for any restock fees charged by that manufacturer. if your order has already shipped, you will have to request an rma (return merchandise authorization) by following the warranty info link prompts in the customer care center. you will be responsible for returning the shipment. there will be a restocking fee and no reimbursement for the original s&h charge. what methods of payment does 1000bulbs.com accept? we accept visa, master card, and american express. if you prefer to purchase with a cashier's check, money order, personal check or purchase order, you must contact an account manager in our sales department. they will be happy to take your order, determine the freight and sales tax if applicable and advise you of the total. an order paid with a personal check will be held until all funds are available. this may cause up to a 3 week delay. how fast can 1000bulbs.com deliver my order? provided that the product is in inventory your order will typically be delivered in 5 to 7 business days. if you need an order immediately, we recommend calling our account managers to ensure the products are in stock and can be shipped right away. 1000bulbs.com maintains 70% of our inventory on a 90 day stock level for excellent service to the client. we ship from garland, texas, (located just outside of dallas) a central location which assures fast delivery. if you're a commercial customer in the dfw metroplex we can even deliver your order to your doorstep for a small shipping and handling fee. what happens if my order is lost or damaged? 1000bulbs.com employs professional packers and shipping technicians who are experienced in glass shipping.with all the precautions taken by our staff to ship our products securely it is rare that an order is lost or damaged. in the instance that loss or damage does occur, our customer service department will correct matters to your satisfaction. will 1000bulbs.com sell my name and address to other companies? never! any information provided is used by 1000bulbs.com only to serve our customers in the best and most efficient way. your security is important to us and we do not sell our mailing list to anyone. for more information, read our privacy policy. can i order items that are not found on 1000bulbs.com? yes! if there is a lighting product you have found on another website or in a catalog or store, we will be happy to get it for you. please send an email or call one of our account managers with your product request. do you accept returns on ballasts? all ballasts are pre-tested prior to shipping. all sales are final, however we will accept returns under the following conditions: hardware failure within the warranty period items that were shipped incorrectly products with stated or implied warranties in some cases, 1000bulbs.com inspects and tests ballasts for quality of construction. if these ballasts prove to be superior, we will provide a warranty that exceeds the manufacturer warranty. will you substitute items that may not be available? yes, 1000bulbs.com reserves the right to substitute comparable brands if necessary. additional information warranty products with written or expressed warranties over $10 will be replaced, or credited. products totaling less than $10 will be credited. if you have already placed an order and wish to cancel, call us during business hours to obtain a return merchandise authorization (rma) — or fill out an rma request form. credit application if you're interested in opening a line of credit with us just print, fill out and sign our credit application form. once it is completed, fax it to us at 972-764-5901. we'll contact you in 2 to 3 business days. don't forget, the application must be signed to be considered. if you have any questions please contact an account manager. contact us direct numbers customer service: 1-800-624-4488 ext. 3 or e-mailtechnical support: 1-800-624-4488 ext. 4 local contact: 972-288-2277 mailing address 1000bulbs.com, 2140 merritt dr., garland, tx 75041 view larger map thank you, from the 1000bulbs.com customer service team.we could not do it without you — our valued customer! email specials sign up to receive specials & promos click here. 1000bulbs.com is proud to offer our customers products that have earned the government's energy star label. quick links home page my account clearance all categories customer service contact us returns shipping warranty privacy policy faq company about us testimonials employment dallas signrepair follow us blog.1000bulbs.com reviews © 2012 1000bulbs.com 2140 merritt dr., garland, tx 75041 | all rights reserved. bart // v1.41.2-74-gda981de