来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231212002134/https://www.1000bulbs.com/pages/Customer-Service.html
================================================================================

customer service | 1000bulbs.com 0 show category navigation search dropdown changing the way the world buys lighting 1-800-624-4488 show category navigation search for submit submit to speak to a u.s. based lighting pro 1-800-624-4488 cart 0 cart 0 cart 1-800-624-4488 close product search search for expert help, call: 1-800-624-4488 close customer service contact your customer service support team about products, services and more. returns & exchanges start an rma here. help center learn about our policies, benefits and more. customer service hours of operation: 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. cst shipping- returns- credit line- faq- contact us shipping information overview 1000bulbs.com strives to provide a superior customer service experience while providing affordable, commercial grade products. shipping costs are calculated at the time of purchase and determined by product weight and quantity. heavy and bulky items require special attention and must be shipped separately. for these items, a standard rate will be charged. tracking information is provided via email following shipment of your order. local area pick-up to better serve our local customers, 1000bulbs.com offers will call customer pick-up monday through friday from 7am to 6pm from our distribution center located at 1475 republic pkwy #100, mesquite, tx 75150. will call orders must be placed in advance with a sales account manager at (800) 624-4488 during normal business hours. will call orders should be available for customer pick up on the next business day following order placement. acceptable payment methods include credit card or on account terms only please. for specific lead time requirements and rush orders, please consult your account manager. express & overnight express and overnight delivery orders placed after 10am cst will ship the following business day. express and overnight orders deliver monday through friday; saturday and sunday are not considered service days for express and overnight deliveries. for questions regarding an express or overnight order, please call (800) 624-4488 during standard business hours (7am to 7pm cst monday-friday). modifications to an express or overnight order must occur within one-hour of order placement. lost shipments if a package is not received by the scanned delivery date, please contact a representative at 1000bulbs within 7 days of the scanned delivery date so that we can file a claim with the shipping carrier within their allowed time frame. cancellation a request to modify or cancel an order can be made through your account manager or our customer service department. as part of our efforts to provide superior customer service, orders are typically processed shortly after being placed. please note once an order has reached a certain level in the fulfillment process, it may be too late to modify or cancel. p.o. boxes orders shipped via fedex require a physical street address for accurate delivery. fedex is unable to deliver to a po box located with the local post office. fedex may deliver to a box address located within a storefront mailing service company. orders shipped to a po box ineligible for delivery by fedex may incur additional shipping charges for which the customer may be assessed responsibility. alaska & hawaii or apo, fpo & dpo shipping for questions regarding shipping outside of the contiguous united states, please call your account manager or our customer service department. please be aware all sales are final for orders shipping outside of the continental united states. shipment on customer-provided shipping accounts customers may provide their own fedex or ups shipping account when placing orders through a sales account manager. orders shipped on a customer-provided shipping account are subject to a $6 handling fee per order. international shipping international checkout is available through our 3rd party partner, iglobal stores. all sales are final on international orders and are therefore not eligible for return. for questions regarding international shipments, please contact iglobal stores: canada +1800.942.0721 ext. 503 direct: +001.801.784.0250 [email protected] important canadian ordering information: no brokerage clearance fees on canadian orders with iglobal stores! shipments to canada are sent via priority or economy air delivery (versus fedex or ups). canadian customers will not be subject to pay a brokerage clearance fee upon delivery; only the duty and tax on the package saving canadian customers as much as $50 cad in potential clearance charges by the shipping carriers! any shipments valued under $20 cad will not incur any clearance fees, duty or tax. disclaimer there may be shipping delays due to unforeseen and uncontrollable circumstances. 1000bulbs.com cannot be held responsible for conditions beyond our control such as severe weather or carrier service interruptions. requests for replacement product or credit to your account for merchandise claimed shipped but not received are subject to our investigation. the customer is responsible for all costs related to incorrectly addressed orders. for questions outside of our normal business hours, please use our contact form. customer service will contact you within 24-hours. 1000bulbs.com customer satisfaction policy 30-day return policy 1000bulbs.com strives to provide our customers with an excellent shopping experience. our products are of high quality, and we want our customers to be satisfied with their purchase. if you are not satisfied with your product, you may request to return the merchandise for a refund within 30 days of the invoice date. a request for return may be submitted online via the return merchandise authorization (rma) link or by contacting your account manager or the customer service department at (800) 624-4488. all returns must be pre-approved by 1000bulbs.com and accompanied by a copy of the rma form which will be provided upon approval. all returns must be in the original packaging in as-new condition with the return shipping prepaid by the customer. any damages from return shipping cannot be credited and the customer must file a damage claim with their carrier. 1000bulbs.com reserves the right to impose a restocking fee on all returns including, but not limited to, unauthorized and/or unusual returns. shipping costs are not refundable. special order items including fixtures are not eligible for return. 1000bulbs.com enjoys an unsurpassed reputation in the industry of lighting, lighting supplies and lighting services. manufacturer's warranties many products offered by 1000bulbs.com provide a manufacturer's warranty! this information is listed on our website within the specifications section of each product if there is a manufacturer's warranty. after 30 days, the customer is responsible for the shipping cost of warranty replacement(s). please note a manufacturer's statement of average rated life hours does not imply a warranty. 1000bulbs.com supplemental warranty 1000bulbs.com provides a 30-day supplemental warranty for those products not accompanied by a stated factory warranty unless categorized as special handling, special order, or non-stock. the supplemental warranty allows for replacement of the original purchase up to 30 days from the invoice date, subject to a possible restocking fee, and 1000bulbs.com will pay for the shipping costs of the replacement. special handling non-warranted products certain product categories carry no manufacturer’s warranty and are excluded from the 1000bulbs.com supplemental warranty. these products are generally excluded because they must be adapted, modified, or otherwise manipulated in order to be used as intended. other products have an extremely short life rating due to design such as stage and studio lamps. please review carefully the following prior to purchase: ballasts all of the ballasts sold by 1000bulbs.com are first quality products. all ballasts are pre-tested and ready for customer application. ballasts are rarely defective when they arrive to the end user’s location. most ballasts reported as defective prove in factory testing to be faulty due to improper installation. warning: wiring and installation procedures are very complicated and should be attempted by a licensed electrician only. ballast installation poses serious risks of electric shock which can lead to injury or death. all of our ballasts have their respective factory warranties stated on our website. 1000bulbs.com will assist its customers with these factory warranties in the following manner: if a ballast is declared to be defective and is under warranty, the customer should contact their account manager or customer service to request a return merchandise authorization (rma). with the rma, our customer may be asked to return the declared defective product at the customer’s shipping expense for factory testing. upon factory confirmation that the ballast is defective, a credit will be issued to our customer for the returned defective ballast plus the shipping cost from the original ballast purchase. if a replacement is needed, it must be ordered and paid for as if it were a new order. (a credit for the defective ballast may take two to four weeks to be declared acceptable under warranty). holiday and christmas lighting and decorations holiday and christmas warranties vary by product. decorations and incandescent holiday and christmas lights are covered by our 30 day supplemental warranty. led holiday and christmas lights are warrantied for 90 days from the date of invoice. please contact a sales representative for further information. please note: christmas products are not eligible for return for any reason after december 24th of the year they were purchased. grow lighting & hydroponics grow lights and hydroponic supplies are sold as final sale and are not eligible for return. please allow an account manager to assist you in this kind of purchase in order to assure yourself that you are receiving the correct product. fixtures all fixtures are considered special order and are not eligible for return. please allow an account manager to assist you in this kind of purchase in order to assure yourself that you are receiving the correct product. rope lighting please note that rope lighting can only be returned uncut and in as-new condition. warning: wiring and installation procedures are very complicated and should be attempted only by a licensed electrician. rope light installation poses serious risks of electric shock which can lead to injury or death. special order, discontinued & non-stock items special orders, discontinued, and non-stock items are sold as final sale and are not eligible for return. please allow an account manager to assist you in this kind of purchase in order to assure yourself that you are receiving the correct product for your application. such purchases can incur substantial restocking fees from the vendor or factory. stage & studio light bulbs many stage and studio bulbs have average rated life hours significantly less than 30 days (such as 25-75 hours). therefore, the 1000bulbs.com supplemental warranty may not apply to all stage and studio bulbs. about damages we ship glass to all points on the globe. our packing procedures are one of the hallmarks of our business. 1000bulbs.com takes great pride in our very low incidence of breakage while in transit. in order for a damage claim to be successful, 1000bulbs.com must be notified of the damage within one week from date of receipt. a photo may be required to file a claim with carrier. as the shipper,1000bulbs.com will file the claim on the customer’s behalf and arrange for a refund or replacement upon assessment of the amount of actual damage. the package must be received and inspected by the customer and not refused under any circumstances. if replacement is required on product that can only be shipped in case quantities (such as many fluorescent tubes), then a replacement order for a full case must be processed and charged less the amount of the actual damage with no additional shipping charges. replacement limitations if the total amount of the product for replacement due to damage or defective is less than $25, a refund will be issued to the customer as opposed to replacement(s). shipping small, single item packages greatly increases the percentage risks for damage during transit. after 30 days, the customer is responsible for the shipping cost of warranty replacement(s). refunds customer refund credits are typically processed within five to seven business days. refund credits can be issued only to the card used during the original purchase according to u.s. law. in the event a credit cannot be issued to the original card used for purchase due to lost card, etc., an attempt on our part has to be made at least once and before a company refund check will be sent to the purchaser. the company check process can delay the time taken to receive the refund. shipping or website errors if the customer receives product due to our shipping error or incorrect website information, replacements will be shipped at no additional charge to the customer, and a prepaid return shipping label will be provided for the original shipment. frequently asked questions how do i know it's safe to submit my credit card number? 1000bulbs.com takes our customers' security seriously. credit card payment is made in a secured area of our website (a key, lock or chain may appear in the browser's status bar to signify a secure area). personal information is encrypted and credit card numbers are not stored in our system. if preferred, personal information can also be submitted over the phone for order placement with an account manager at (800) 624-4488. how do i cancel my order? if you wish to cancel your order, contact your account manager or the customer service department during normal business hours. the order may be cancelled without penalty unless the product has already shipped, reached a certain level in the fulfillment process or the order includes a specialty item. what methods of payment does 1000bulbs.com accept? visa, mastercard, discover, and american express credit cards are accepted. payment by cashier's check, money order, or personal check are also acceptable providing the order is placed directly with an account manager. please note an order paid with a personal check will be held until all funds are available resulting in an order processing delay of up to 3-weeks. how fast can 1000bulbs.com deliver my order? provided all product ordered is in stock, orders typically deliver in 5 to 7 business days. for more immediate delivery needs, please contact an account manager to confirm product availability and shipping method options. we ship from garland, texas, (located just outside of dallas) a central location which assures fast delivery. what happens if my order is lost or damaged? 1000bulbs.com employs professional packers and shipping technicians experienced and trained in the shipment of glass. with all the precautions taken by our staff to ship products securely, it is rare that an order is lost or damaged. in the instance that loss or damage has occurred, our customer service department is available to assist with a resolution. will 1000bulbs.com sell my name and address to other companies? never! customer information provided is used solely by 1000bulbs.com to serve our customers in the best and most efficient manner possible. your security is important to us and we do not sell our mailing list to anyone. for more information, read our privacy policy. additional information credit application if interested in opening a line of credit with 1000bulbs.com, please print and complete our credit application form. return the complete and signed credit application with references via fax to (972) 543-0538. an account manager will contact applicants within 1 to 2 business days. contact us direct numbers customer service and technical support: 1-800-624-4488 or e-mail local contact: 972-288-2277 mailing address 1475 republic parkway suite 100, mesquite, tx thank you, from the 1000bulbs.com customer service team. we could not do it without you — our valued customer! sign up for deals sign up for deals email address stay connected stay connected #1 in customer satisfaction over 125,000+ reviews! our customers say excellent. 9.3 out of 10 #1 in customer satisfaction over 125,000+ reviews! returns 1000bulbs.com offers a special 30-day return policy solely for customer satisfaction shipping from local pick-up to international shipping, we do our best to deliver your bulbs on your time-table warranty many products carry manufacturer warranties. we also offer our own 30 day purchase satisfaction policy contact for any other questions, we staff an expert team of specialists to handle your questions and requests quick links clearance coupons all categories shop by brand lighting resources help see all help returns shipping warranty faq contact us accessibility company about us employment apply for credit other links blog diy projects adobe reader 1000bulbs.com is proud to offer our customers products that have earned the government's energy star label. returns shipping warranty coupons contact © 2023 1000bulbs.com | all rights reserved. terms and conditions | new privacy policy | do not sell my info terms | new privacy | do not sell my info 1kb-03 // fd5557381292dfe409911be3879d47da