来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20241231211005/https://www.1000bulbs.com/category/lighting-fixtures
================================================================================

commercial lighting fixtures &amp; accessories | 1000bulbs.com product categories christmas/event lighting fixtures led tubes light bulbs ballasts/drivers exit fixtures/smoke alarms rope/tape light electrical/specialty items clearance smoke alarms horticulture plastics & glass bulb recycling landscape lighting fly and insect control bulb changers flashlights miscellaneous close show category navigation search dropdown changing the way the world buys lighting 1-800-624-4488 show category navigation search for submit submit to speak to a u.s. based lighting pro 1-800-624-4488 cart cart 1-800-624-4488 product search for expert help, call: 1-800-624-4488 filter results filter results filter results brand hide □ plt (699) □ plt premiumspec (122) □ nora lighting (114) □ nuvo lighting (89) □ afx lighting (88) □ green creative (66) □ halco (60) □ euri lighting (55) □ lithonia lighting (42) □ archipelago lighting (34) □ maxlite (31) □ bulbrite (30) □ tcp (29) □ satco (25) □ intermatic (21) □ light efficient design (21) □ soraa (16) □ precision multiple (10) □ greenscape (8) □ cree (7) □ juno (7) □ tork (6) □ energetic lighting (5) □ sylvania (5) □ fortified (4) □ hatch (3) □ ledvance (3) □ green energy (2) □ ac electronics (1) □ fulham (1) □ halo (1) □ magnitude (1) □ naturaled (1) lighting technology hide □ led (1228) □ halogen (86) □ incandescent (86) □ led ready (40) □ fluorescent (1) fixture type hide □ 1 x 4 panel/troffer (19) □ 2 x 2 panel/troffer (26) □ 2 x 4 panel/troffer (28) □ barn light (2) □ bed light (4) □ black light fixture (1) □ bollard (3) □ canopy light (18) □ ceiling fan (2) □ ceiling fixture (7) □ cooler light (3) □ downlight - new construction (93) □ downlight - retrofit (38) □ downlight - surface mount (56) □ downlight trim/reflectors (26) □ emergency backup (33) □ fixture accessory (61) □ flood light (55) □ hazardous location (10) □ high bay (linear) (40) □ high bay (linear) sensor ready (16) □ high bay (linear) with sensor (7) □ led sport light - round (21) □ led sport light - square (14) □ landscape (26) □ light bar (21) □ low bay (3) □ low bay garage (2) □ low bay retrofit lamp (4) □ motion sensor (12) □ nightlight (1) □ parking lot fixture (59) □ pendant (44) □ photocell (35) □ puck lights (4) □ recessed downlight (25) □ security light (30) □ selectable wattage (306) □ shop light - linear (1) □ slim recessed panel (6) □ stairwell light (9) □ step light (6) □ strip light (2ft.) (6) □ strip light (4ft.) (25) □ strip light (8ft.) (15) □ surface mount led panel (2) □ suspension (60) □ track light (213) □ ufo - sensor ready (40) □ ufo high bay (17) color temperature hide □ 1800 kelvin (3) □ 2000 kelvin (2) □ 2200 kelvin (4) □ 2700 kelvin (208) □ 3000 kelvin (588) □ 3500 kelvin (382) □ 4000 kelvin (642) □ 5000 kelvin (685) □ 5700 kelvin (7) □ 6500 kelvin (3) □ selectable cct (534) □ warm dim (3) home commercial lighting fixtures commercial lighting fixtures filter results filter results high bay fixtures led can light fixtures downlights - pot lights under cabinet and puck lights display, shelf, task lighting led wall pack fixtures emergency / exit / smoke alarms track lighting track heads and accessories strip lights and suspension light fixtures led flood light fixtures led panel and troffer fixtures vapor tight / vapor proof led area light fixtures led ready light fixtures wraparound fixtures canopy fixtures decorative lighting explosion proof lighting class i div 2 low bay/parking garage lights led stairwell fixtures led shop lights led step lights bollards led led sport light fixtures led retrofit lamps for hid systems ceiling fans work lights black light fixtures led grow lights and bulbs recessed lighting halogen, incandescent/led compatible led barn lights security lighting led cooler/freezer light fixtures landscape lighting california compliant smart lighting fixture accessories commercial led lighting led wall packs designed with durable features such as shatter-resistant glass to protect each fixture from bad weather, wall packs are an excellent solution for security lighting and parking lots. 1000bulbs.com offers a wide selection of led wall packs. wall packs can be paired with photocells and motion detectors for extra security and energy savings. led area lights led area lights are energy-saving, architectural flood lamps used for street, park, and other outdoor lighting. outlasting their metal halide (mh) equivalents, led area lights provide a consistent color of light; the higher kelvin fixtures continue to put out a bright white light instead of turning yellow with time. led retrofit kits and surge protectors are also available. strip light fixtures suitable for general or task lighting, strip light fixtures are easy to suspended or surface mounted in your garage. these fixtures are available in several types including led, led ready, and fluorescent. led retrofit kits are available to convert existing fluorescent fixtures to led. led shop lights led shop lights, which are often called garage lights, are a perfect addition to any garage, shop area, and other commercial application. designed for suspension or surface mounting, these led shop lights are available with a pull chain or on/off switch. many also have the option of being daisy-chained together when flush mounted or with linkable cords. panel and troffer lights designed for easy installation by one person, ceiling led panel lights come in multiple size and color temperature options. we also carry led panels with tunable color temperatures that allow you to set different kelvin temperatures to fit your needs. many of these panels are dlc certified and may qualify for rebates. troffer fixtures come in 1x4, 2x4, and 2x2 sizes. ideal for schools, hospitals and commercial office spaces, these fixtures provide clean, even illumination. 1000bulbs.com also offers led ready fixtures that allow you to select the led tubes of your choice, retrofit kits, and emergency backup kits. high bay lights and low bay lights with round and linear options, high bay and low bay fixtures are ideal for warehouses, gymnasiums, factories, and other commercial applications. choose between led, linear fluorescent, rotatable led linear, and led ready fixtures. rotatable led high bay fixtures feature rotatable lenses that tilt inward and outwards for more versatile lighting options, allowing you to angle lights to illuminate exactly where you want it. nsf/ansi-2 certified high bay fixtures replace metal halide fixtures with nsf/ansi-2 certified high bay fixtures in areas where food is handled like kitchens, bakeries, and food processing plants. these fixtures are more efficient and longer lasting than comparable metal halides. high and low bay led retrofit lamps want the benefits of led lighting without needing to replace your fixtures? use high and low bay led retrofit lamps to lower your maintenance costs and downtime. requiring less maintenance than traditional fixtures, these retrofits can increase visibility and productivity. by retrofitting, you can retain your current fixtures and still experience the advantages provided by led lighting. led wraparound lights surface mount wraparound fixtures shine light from the sides and down for all around illumination, unlike troffers or panels which are recessed into the ceiling and can only emit light straight down. suitable for utility lighting in parking garages, stairwells, and other locations, these fixtures come in led, fluorescent, and led ready versions. security lighting enhance the safety of your property at night by installing security lights. we carry a variety of led security lighting fixtures to fit your needs. 1000bulbs.com provides various choices that can be mounted on walls, poles, or the ground. these fixtures are compatible with photocells and many also come with a motion sensor. led can lights often referred to as "can lights", led downlights replace existing downlight fixtures in ceilings. we carry a wide selection of led downlights in assorted sizes, ic and non-ic rated downlights, and accessories. ic rated downlights can be installed with insulation touching the outside of the fixture, while non-ic rated must be installed with a 3 inch space between the metal housing and any insulation. led flood lights provide additional security lighting for parking lots, businesses, and sports arenas with commercial led flood lights. designed for hard wire installation, commercial led flood lights are suitable for various mounting options and can be paired with photocells, timers, and motion sensors. recessed lighting recessed lighting fixtures are mounted inside the ceiling leaving only the bulb, trim and/or lens exposed. recessed lights typically have three parts: the housing, bulb, and trim (and sometimes a lens). we carry led, cfl, incandescent, and halogen recessed lights and accessories. if you have sloped ceilings, special fixtures are available including housings, trims, and reflectors. fixture accessories our extensive collection of lighting fixture accessories includes led fixture accessories, wire guards, mounting accessories, reflectors, photocells, surge protectors, retrofit kits, and more. led canopy lights canopy light fixtures are good choices for underpasses, loading docks, and parking garages, as well as wet locations. these led fixtures outlast and outperform their mh counterparts. fixtures with rotatable panels have a larger light distribution and are ideal for areas with shorter ceilings like parking lots and gas stations. browse round lights, square lights, and retrofits kits to find the best canopy fixtures for your installation. led vapor tight fixtures built to withstand harsh environments and wet locations, vapor tight fixtures are suitable for parking garages, utility lighting, car washes, and stairwell lighting. vapor tight fixtures come in fluorescent, led, and led ready versions, all of which can easily be surface mounted. led fixture retrofits convert fluorescent fixtures to led with led fixture retrofits. these kits replace fluorescent tubes with led diodes, reducing energy usage and maintenance costs. track lighting track lighting can be used for accent and ambient lighting in homes and businesses. h, j, and l compatible track and accessories are available. if you want all of your fixtures to turn on together, pick a single circuit track. if you want your track heads to work independently of each other, go with a dual circuit track. led barn lights use led barn lights in place of standard mh fixtures to illuminate driveways, yards, properties, and work areas. many led barn lights have a built in photocell for dusk to dawn operation. under cabinet lighting under cabinet lights aren't just for the kitchen anymore. they are becoming more commonly used to light desks, office spaces, coves, and shelves as well. choose between led, xenon, and fluorescent options. most fixtures and light bars are connectable to give you a more evenly lit workspace when compared to puck lights. low bay/parking garage lights 1000bulbs.com offers a wide range of led garage light fixtures to optimize the lighting in your space. these lights provide uniform illumination that is essential for projects in garages, parking lots, or warehouses. decorative fixtures discover stylish decorative light fixtures for your home or business at 1000bulbs.com. our decorative lighting solutions a wide selection of fixtures ideal for homes and businesses. illuminate your entryway with our outdoor sconces and lanterns or add vintage charm to your kitchen, restaurant, or coffee shop with our cage pendants. we also offer led step lights and pendant fixtures to complete your lighting design. need help finding the perfect fixture? contact our support staff for assistance. landscape lighting enhance the look of your yard with 1000bulbs.com's led landscape lighting. our fixtures feature energy-efficient led technology and boast a long lifespan, saving you money in the long run. our selection includes pathway lights for a safe and inviting entrance, step lights for illuminating stairs, bullets, in-ground well lights, and bollards. install led outdoor lighting to brighten up your patio and highlight beautiful landscape features. at 1000bulbs.com, our lighting experts and always ready to help you. contact us if you need help selecting the perfect landscape lighting for your yard. bollards use bollard lights to light and decorate your outdoor space. they're perfect for illuminating doorways or pedestrian zones outside businesses, stadiums, and more. we offer a variety of color temperatures, lumen outputs, and wattages, as well as reflectors and base shapes. choose from a variety of shapes, finishes, wattage, and color selectable options. 1000bulbs.com is your one-stop-shop for residential, commercial, and industrial-grade lighting fixtures and accessories. we carry everything you need to outfit your business, office, warehouse, parking lot, or home with the lights you need at prices you'll love. make sure to check out our lighting guide if you're new to selecting light bulbs by color temperature. find additional products by application or give us a call at 1-800-624-4488 to speak with an account manager during normal business hours. sign up for deals sign up for deals stay connected stay connected quick links clearance coupons all categories shop by brand lighting resources help see all help returns shipping warranty faq contact us accessibility company about us employment apply for credit other links blog diy projects adobe reader 1000bulbs.com is proud to offer our customers products that have earned the government's energy star label. returns shipping warranty coupons contact © 2024 1000bulbs.com | all rights reserved. 1475 republic pkwy ste 100 mesquite, tx 75150 terms and conditions | new privacy policy | do not sell my info terms | new privacy | do not sell my info g-832318917