来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111120232936/http://www.dollarshaveclub.com/terms-conditions
================================================================================

cheap razor blades - terms & conditions already a member? loginor, join the club terms & conditions dollar shave club terms and conditions of website access, use and purchase and sale of products last modified: september 29th, 2011. these terms and conditions of use and sale are effective as of june 1st, 2011 ("effective date"). ------- please read this agreement carefully.  it contains important information about your rights, duities and obligations, as well as limitations and exclusions that may apply to you.  this document contains a dispute resolution clause. by accepting this agreement you agree to be subject to and bound by each and all of its terms, provisions, duties and obligations. these terms and conditions of use and sale (“terms and conditions”) apply to all users (“users”) of www.dollarshaveclub.com (the “website”) and govern all purchases of products and/or services offered on the website by dollar shave club, l.l.c. (the “company”).  by accepting this agreement you will have agreed to be bound to the terms and conditions of this agreement.  this agreement shall apply unless you have a separate written agreement with the company, in which case the separate agreement shall supersede this agreement to the extent of any conflict in terms and provisions. you may also wish to review our privacy policy and safe shopping guarantee. this agreement covers all terms and conditions these terms and conditions terms of use, including all documents referenced herein, represents the entire understanding between user and company regarding user's relationship with website and supersedes any prior statements or representations. headings used in the terms of use are for reference only and shall not affect the meaning of any terms. "including" means "including, without limitation." no changes, amendmnets or modifications permitted unless agreed in writing:  except as specifically set forth to the contrary elsewhere in this agreement, this agreement may not be altered, supplemented, or amended by company, any user or member or any other person unless otherwise mutually agreed by company and the affected persons in a duly executed and mutually signed written agreement. reservation of rights – permitted changes/modifications: the company reserves the right to make the changes, modifications and alterations to: (i)             the website, (ii)           this agreement, and (iii)          company’s policies and procedures, and (iv)          the terms and conditions of use and sale; any and all of which may be made at any time or from time to time.  unless other specified by company, changes or modifications to this agreement and/or company’s policies and procedures, and/or the terms and conditions of use and sale shall become effective immediately upon their posting to the website, and all continuing memberships and all purchases and services shall be subject to each such change or modification immediately upon the date of posting (or such other date as shall be specified in the website posting announcing each such change or modification.  the latest version of these terms and conditions of use and sale are always available at www.dollarshaveclub.com/termsandconditions purchase & payment terms:  payment terms are within the company’s sole discretion, and, unless otherwise agreed to by the company, payment must be made at the time of purchase. your order is subject to cancellation by the company, at the company's sole discretion. the company is not responsible for pricing, typographical, or other errors, in any offer by the company and reserves the right to cancel any orders resulting from such errors. purchase & payment plans: 24-month membership plan:  a one-time membership fee of $9.99 (if applicable) shall be paid by user at time of purchase.  membership plan cost of $24.00 shall be paid by user at time of purchase.  shipping, handling, and taxes shall apply.  monthly shipping & handling fees of $2.00 will be charged every month to the credit card used at time of purchase, unless the bulk-shipping option is chosen, in which case there will be no recurring monthly charge. 12-month membership plan:  a one-time membership fee of $9.99 (if applicable) shall be paid by user at time of purchase.  membership plan cost of $18.00 shall be paid by customer at time of purchase.  shipping, handling, and taxes shall apply.  monthly shipping & handling fees of $2.00 will be charged every month to the credit card used at time of purchase, unless the bulk-shipping option is chosen, in which case there will be no recurring monthly charge. 6-month membership plan:  a one-time membership fee of $9.99 (if applicable) shall be paid by user at time of purchase.  membership plan cost of $10.74 shall be paid by customer at time of purchase.  shipping, handling, and taxes shall apply.  monthly shipping & handling fees of $2.00 will be charged every month to the credit card used at time of purchase, unless the bulk-shipping option is chosen, in which case there will be no recurring monthly charge. pay-as-you-go plan:  a one-time membership fee of $9.99 (if applicable) shall be paid by user at time of purchase.  membership plan cost of $1.99 shall be paid by customer at time of purchase.  shipping, handling, and taxes shall apply.  monthly plan fee of $1.99 plus shipping & handling fees of $2.00 will be charged every month to the credit card used at time of purchase. membership cancellation policy customers may cancel their membership at anytime.  canceling your membership will cease all monthly charges to the credit card placed on file with company at the time of original purchase.  monthly charges include any plan costs and any shipping & handling fees.  one-time membership fees are non-refundable.  to cancel a membership, please login to your account using the username and password you created and select the “cancel” membership option.  all cancellation requests must be received by the first day of the month.  cancellation requests received after the first of the month shall apply to the following month. return & refund policy dollarshaveclub.com does not accept returns or refunds. shipping terms regular monthly shipments will ship on either the seventh (7st) day of each month, the seventeenth (17th) day of each month, or the twenty-seventh (27st) day of each month, or on the nearest business day to those dates, should those dates fall on a united states national holiday or weekend. the shipment date will be determined according to whichever date is closer to the date of the user’s original purchase.  shipping dates are estimates only.  all shipments are sent priority mail or first-class mail via the us postal service.  with the exception of digital content, the risk of loss and title for all items purchased via webite pass to the user upon delivery of the item to the carrier. your account if you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.  if you are under 18, you may use the website only with involvement of a parent or guardian. termination of usage company may issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or terminate any user's right to use or access all or any part of the website including any account thereon, without notice, for any reason in company’s sole discretion, including without limitation breach of this agreement and/or violation of the terms of use, company’s belief that such access would violate any applicable law or would be harmful to the interests of, or potentially cause financial loss or legal liability to company or another user. in certain cases, in company’s sole discretion, company may provide written notice (a "restriction notice") to a user (a "restricted user") to inform such restricted user that (i) his or her right to use or access any part of the website has been terminated including the right to use, access or create any account thereon; (ii) that company refuses to provide any services to such restricted user; and (iii) any subsequent orders placed by a restricted user will be subject to cancellation. other conditions may apply and shall be set forth in the restriction notice. limitation of liability the company does not accept liability beyond the remedies set forth in tis agreement, including but not limited to any liability for product not being available for use, lost profits, or loss of business. except as expressly provided herein, the company will not be liable for any consequential, special, indirect, or punitive damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any claim by any third party. you agree that for any liability related to the purchase of product, the company is not liable or responsible for any amount of damages above the amount invoiced for the applicable product. notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary, the remedies set forth in this agreement shall apply even if such remedies fail their essential purpose. warranties waived/released:  the products purchase from company by and through the company’s website shall, in all events, be sold without any warranties of any kind, including, without limitation, any warranties of merchantability or warranties fo fitness for a particular purpose. right to content user warrants that user possesses without limitation all rights to all and any digital content (including, but not limited to photographs and written product and membership testimonials) uploaded by user to website for use on website. dispute resolution any claim or controversy at law or equity that arises out of this agreement, the terms of use, the company’s website or any company service (each a "claim"), shall be resolved through binding arbitration conducted by telephone, online or based solely upon written submissions where no in-person appearance is required. in such cases, the arbitration shall be administered by the american arbitration association under its commercial arbitration rules (including without limitation the supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes, if applicable), and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. alternatively, at company’s sole option, a claim (including claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) may be adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction located in los angeles, california. any claim shall be arbitrated or litigated, as the case may be, on an individual basis and shall not be consolidated with any claim of any other party whether through class action proceedings, class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. you are solely responsible for your interactions with other company website members/users and company reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and other users. each of the parties hereby knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally waives any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation (including but not limited to any claims, counterclaims, cross-claims, or third party claims) arising out of, under or in connection with this agreement or the terms of use. further, each party hereto certifies that no representative or agent of either party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such party would not in the event of such litigation, seek to enforce this waiver of right to jury trial provision. each of the parties acknowledges that this section is a material inducement for the other party entering into these terms of use. governing law this agreement and any sales there under shall be governed by the laws of the state of california, without regard to conflicts of laws rules. who we are n' stuff what is dollar shave club how does it work about our blades social stuff facebook twitter serious stuff safe shopping guarantee privacy policy terms & conditions helpful stuff faq customer care