来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111120232936/http://www.dollarshaveclub.com/privacy-policy
================================================================================

cheap razor blades - privacy policy already a member? loginor, join the club privacy policy privacy policy last modified: june 1st, 2011. this privacy policy is effective as of june 1st, 2010 ("effective date"). our privacy policy applies to personal information that may be collected when you interact with dollarshaveclub.com.  protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is extremely important to us.  we’re consumers, too. accordingly, we believe that a straightforward and clear privacy policy is in the best interests of our customers and our business. by doing business with or interacting with dollarshaveclub.com in the manner described in this privacy policy at any time on or after the effective date, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the application of this privacy policy to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of all your personal information as described. dollarshaveclub.com reserves the right to modify or amend this privacy policy at any time, but you can be assured that, should it be necessary to do so, we will always do so in accordance with the principles of clarity, security and integrity. -------- this privacy policy addresses the following questions: 1. what is the personal information that we collect? personal information is information that can be used to identify, contact or locate you. for example, personal information can include your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, phone number, or credit card information. 2. why do we collect personal information? we collect your personal information in an effort to provide you with a superior customer experience and, as necessary, to administer our business. it allows us to provide you with easy access to our products and services, with a particular focus on the items and programs that may be of most interest to you. for more information as to why we collect personal information, please see the section below entitled: "how do we use your personal information?" 3. how do we collect your personal information? there are two ways in which dollarshaveclub.com collects your personal information. (a) information that you provide to us as a general matter, you can browse in our factory store and on dollarshaveclub.com without submitting your personal information to us. however, there are a number of circumstances in which you may need to provide us with your personal information. the most common of these circumstances include: - making a purchase or placing an order online - creating an online account - entering one of our dollarshaveclub.com contests - contacting customer service for your convenience, we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below. making a purchase or placing an order when you make a purchase or place an order in our stores or place an order online without an account, you may need to submit personal information to us. creating an online account you can create a password-protected dollarshaveclub.com account to complete your online order.  to create this account, we will ask you to provide us with personal information. if you use your online account to make a purchase or download, we will use the personal information stored in your account and/or require you to input additional personal information, such as credit card information, to complete your order or download. entering one of our dollarshaveclub.com contests from time-to-time, dollarshaveclub.com may hold contests for prizes. each contest will have its own rules of entry.  in order to enter a contest, we may ask you to provide personal information. contacting customer service when you contact customer service, we may ask you to provide, or confirm, personal information so that we can better serve you. (b) information automatically collected there are circumstances in which we automatically receive and collect personal information from you. the most common of these circumstances include: cookies using pixel tags or clear graphics interchange format files, known as gifs occasionally from business partners, contractors, shared databases, and other third parties for your convenience, we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below. information automatically collected when you visit our websites when you visit our websites, we automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. for example, we may receive and collect: the name of the domain and host from which you access the internet; the internet protocol (ip) address of the computer you are using; the date and time you access our websites; and the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our sites. we use this information to monitor the usage of our websites and as necessary for our business. this information does not include personal information. information collected using cookies like many online retailers, we use cookies to personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience. cookies are small files that we place on your computer's hard drive to collect information about your activities on our websites. cookies help us to: (1) speed navigation, keep track of items in your shopping cart and provide you with content that is tailored to you; (2) remember information you gave us so that you don't have to reenter it; (3) determine the effectiveness of some of our marketing efforts and communications; and (4) monitor the total number of visitors, pages viewed, and the total number of banners displayed.  browsers are typically set to create cookies automatically. you can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed, or you can disable cookies entirely. if you disable cookies, however, you will not be able to place items in a dollarshaveclub.com shopping cart, and therefore you will not be able to place an order with us online. also, by not using cookies, some dollarshaveclub.com website features and services may not function properly. site analytics: we work with a third party service provider to help us better understand how you use dollarshaveclub.com. this third party service provider will place cookies on your computer to collect information. the information this third party service provider collects will tell us things like which search engine referred you to our websites, how you navigated around our websites, what you purchased and what traffic is driven by banner ads and emails. this information will help us to better serve you and provide you with more personalized information and product offerings. we do not allow this third party service provider to collect your credit card information, e-mail address or password information. this third party service provider may only use your personal information to perform services for us. this third party service provider is contractually required to maintain all of the information it collects and analyzes for us securely and in confidence. this third party service provider may not share your personal information with anyone else, or use it for any other purpose, except on an aggregate, non-personal basis. for more information, view this third party's privacy policy. information collected using pixel tags or clear gifs to implement and to help us understand the effectiveness of certain of our communications and marketing efforts, we may use "message format" and "message open" sensing technologies that use pixel tags or clear gifs (which are also called web beacons). these technologies allow us to know if your e-mail program is able to accept html e-mails and, if it is, to: (1) send you e-mails in that format; and (2) determine if you have opened our e-mail messages. information collected from visitors from outside the united states if you are visiting dollarshaveclub.com from outside the united states and provide us with personal information, please note that your personal information will be transferred, stored and processed within the united states. the data protection laws in the united states may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. by doing business or interacting with dollarshaveclub.com, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information to facilities located in the united states and other facility locations selected by dollarshaveclub.com. dollarshaveclub.com does not knowingly collect personal information from children our products and services are marketed for and directed towards purchase by adults or with the consent of adults.  individuals under the age of 18 ("minors") are not permitted to use dollarshaveclub.com without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian. furthermore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an online account or to post personal information on our websites. should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has provided any personal information to or on dollarshaveclub.com, we will remove that information as soon as possible. 4. how do we use your personal information? dollarshaveclub.com uses your personal information to provide you with a superior customer experience at our stores and on and through our websites and, as necessary, to administer our business. for example, we use your personal information to: provide you with products and services and information provide superior customer service; conduct research and perform analysis in order to measure, maintain, protect, develop and improve our services; administer sweepstakes, contests, promotions or surveys; communicate with you about special offers, events, or new products or services that may be of interest to you; customize and enhance our websites and advertising; make communications necessary to notify you regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues; manage our business. 5. with whom do we share your personal information? protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at dollarshaveclub.com.  dollarshaveclub.com does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. dollarshaveclub.com shares your personal information with: other entities owned by dollarshaveclub.com, including subsidiaries of dollarshaveclub.com. many of our customers purchase items from us both online and in our stores. we share your personal information within the dollar shave club enterprise to help to ensure that you have a superior shopping experience no matter where you choose to shop with us. service providers, subcontractors and agents who perform services on our behalf. we provide personal information to third party service providers, subcontractors, and agents that work under contract on our behalf to provide certain services. these third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by dollarshaveclub.com. they are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information. credit card companies. credit card transactions are handled by third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors who receive credit card numbers and other personal information from us to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions. law enforcement officials and as required by law. dollarshaveclub.com may release personal information to third parties when we determine, in our judgment, that it is necessary to (a) comply with the law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request; (b) enforce or apply the terms of any of our policies or user agreements; or (c) protect the rights, property or safety of dollarshaveclub.com, our employees, our customers, users, or others. 6. how do we secure your personal information? we take significant and appropriate security measures, including physical, technological and procedural measures, to help to safeguard your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access and disclosure. in addition, we use industry-standard technology, such as firewalls and ssl encryption in the transmission of certain sensitive personal information, designed to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information, and, as technology develops, we intend to take additional measures to improve security. we want you to feel confident whenever you visit us on our website.  while we are focused on the security of your personal information and follow strict standards, processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information, we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will remain secure in all circumstances. 7. how do we respect your choices about your personal information? when you interact with dollarshaveclub.com in certain ways, you may be eligible to receive certain marketing-related and promotional communications as well as special offers (collectively "promotional communications") from dollarshaveclub.com that may include advertisements from third parties. the most common of these circumstances include: making a purchase or download or placing an order creating an online account signing up for keep me posted! newsletters and alerts even if you opt-out of receiving promotional communications, you may continue to receive e-mails relating to order confirmations, back order notifications, membership information, and/or other business-related communications. although the primary purpose of these emails is not to provide you with promotional material, they may contain within them some promotional material. 8. questions or comments and enforcement if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at privacy@dollarshaveclub.com who we are n' stuff what is dollar shave club how does it work about our blades social stuff facebook twitter serious stuff safe shopping guarantee privacy policy terms & conditions helpful stuff faq customer care