来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141231060500/http://www.dollarshaveclub.com/faqs
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | dollar shave club got a gift card? gift card? redeem it nowredeem it now. or you can browse the site and redeem it during checkout. home our blades your {{ $root.getrazorplanname() }} plan our products shave butter post shave wipes how it works club reviews gift buy gift card redeem gift card log in join your account : {{ $root.config.currency }}{{ $root.formatpricestring($root.config.customerinfo.wallet_balance) }} share the club, get $5 logout faq contact us menu join box menu our blades our products our products shave butter post shave wipes how it works reviews log in account join box dsc faqs not in the club yet? learn more about dollar shave club here. becoming a member how does a dollar shave club membership work? is there a fee to join? what can i expect in my first shipment? what if i don't shave very often? what is your cancelation policy? where are my membership settings? what if i want to switch razors? can i pay for a year in advance? do you accept paypal? can i pay by check or over the phone? how do the referrals work? how do i get free stuff? can i have multiple subscriptions under one account? do you ship outside of the us? apo addresses? do you offer gift memberships? our razors how many blades will i receive per month? can i receive fewer blades per month? can i buy extra handles? do you have products for women? do your razors have trimmer blades? why does it say your girlfriend can use it too? guys can have boyfriends too… are your products tested on animals? how many shaves will i get from one cartridge? will you be adding any safety razors to your inventory? will you offer shaving cream or other products? will you offer a 3-blade razor? do your razors fit other brand handles? where are your blades manufactured? dr. carver‘s easy shave butter why should i buy this? is this product the same as shaving cream? is there actual food butter in it? how do i use the product? how much do i use? how long will it last? how do i store the product? is it safe for sensitive skin? is it scented? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? what does paraben free mean? was the product tested on animals? is it hypoallergenic? can my special lady use it to shave her legs? how do i order shave butter? is shave butter available by subscription? is the product edible? anything else i should know? dr. carver‘s magnanimous post shave why should i buy this? is this an aftershave or moisturizer? how do i use the product? how much should i use? is it for all skin types? does it contain spf/does it protect against the sun? how long will this product last? is it safe for sensitive skin? is it scented? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? what does paraben free mean? was it tested on animals? is it hypoallergenic? is it vegan? can women use it? how do i order it? is post shave available by subscription? anything else i should know? dr. carver‘s miracle repair serum why should i buy this? how is the serum different from the post shave moisturizer? can i use both the serum and the moisturizer? how do i use the product? how much should i use? should i use this daily? what if i shave every other day? should i use this all over my face, or just the shave area? is it for all skin types? what if i have acne prone (or oily) skin? does it burn? does it contain spf/does it protect against the sun? is it scented? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? what does paraben free mean? what does clinically proven mean? what does dermatologist tested mean? was it tested on animals? is it vegan? is it gluten free? is it hypoallergenic? can women use it? how do i order it? is repair serum available by subscription? one wipe charlies what makes one wipe charlies better than conventional toilet paper? how are they different from other wipes on the market? but can women and kids use one wipe charlies? how many come in a pack? what are your wipes made of? are your wipes flushable? are they safe for septic systems? how many can i flush at once? what makes them durable? how big are each of the wipes? do they come in different sizes? do your wipes contain soap? what is the cleaning agent used in your wipes? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? what if i have a sensitive bottom? is it safe to use on other parts of my body? is there a fragrance? do i have to be a member to buy one wipe charlies? can i buy this product anywhere else? where are charlies made? are one wipe charlies available for on-demand purchase and delivery? how do i prevent them from drying out? is the package resealable? how do i use this product? how many should i use at a time? are you guys crazy? dsc credits & gift cards what are dsc credits? how do i earn dsc credits? how do dsc referrals work? what if my friend signed up, but he forgot to use my link? what's a dsc gift card? how much can i put on a dsc gift card? what payment methods can i use to purchase a dsc gift card? if i'm already a member can i use my dsc credits to purchase a dsc gift card? instead of a gift card, can i choose actual dsc products to give as a gift? can my gift recipient use his/her credits for any dsc products? what information do i need to know about my gift recipient? does my gift recipient get their dsc gift card right away? what happens after i purchase a dsc gift card? will i know when my gift recipient receives their dsc gift card? does my gift recipient have to be a member already? does my gift recipient have to pay for anything or provide their credit card info? what happens when my gift recipient uses up their dsc gift card? what if i purchase a gift card for 3 months of the 4x, but they want the executive? can my gift recipient redeem a dsc gift card for one razor, but switch razors type later? what if i purchased a dsc gift card, then realize i used the wrong email address for the recipient? what if the person i want to gift doesn't live in the us? can i add more credits onto my gift recipients account if i want to extend my gift? do dsc gift cards expire? shipping info when will you ship my order? when can i expect my recurring shipments? can i pause my shipments? how long can i pause for? how do i resume? what if i run out of blades while i'm paused? how often can i pause? i recently moved, but i think my last shipment was shipped to my old address. what do i do? can you ship bulk orders? how does a dollar shave club membership work? it‘s simple. you sign up by selecting a razor and creating an account with your shipping address and billing details. we ship you blades and a handle in your first order. then we bill and ship you replacement blades for your razor every month after, like a subscription. you can cancel anytime. is there a fee to join? there is no membership fee. you just pay for your razors. what can i expect in my first shipment? your first order will arrive with your new blades, a handle, and any extras you have selected. what if i don‘t shave very often? you can adjust your membership frequency by switching to our not so hairy plan. then we simply bill and ship your razors every other month. you can access this feature from your account page. what is your cancelation policy? you can cancel your account at any time by logging into your account, clicking membership settings, and choosing cancel my account. please let us know if you are experiencing issues, and we‘ll do our best to help you! where are my membership settings? a “membership settings” link will appear on your account page as soon as your first order ships. this link allows you to cancel your membership at any time. if you need to cancel before your first order ships, please contact us. what if i want to switch razors? switching is easy! just log in to your account and click change my razor. your recurring bill date will remain the same, and your new blades and handle will arrive in your next box. can i pay for a year in advance? sorry, we don‘t offer pay in advance or bulk orders at this time, just the membership service. do you accept paypal? sorry, we don‘t accept paypal at this time. only major credit cards. can i pay by check or over the phone? sorry, we only take major credits cards at this time. signing up online is easy! our awesome blades are just a few clicks away: https://www.dollarshaveclub.com/checkout how do the referrals work? how do i get free stuff? for every friend you successfully refer you get $5 of dsc credits added to your wallet. these dsc credits will be applied first before any charges for your monthly subscription or extras each month. to refer a friend just copy your unique referral link from your account page, share with a friend, make sure they click on your link to sign up… and bam! $5 of dsc credits in your wallet. can i have multiple subscriptions under one account? unfortunately our system will only allow 1 subscription per account. we‘re working on it, but for now you‘re more than welcome to sign up for multiple accounts with us under different email addresses. do you ship outside of the us? apo addresses? we currently ship to u.s., canada, and australia. keep in touch via facebook & twitter for more international updates. as for our beloved service men and women, we can ship to most apo addresses. please contact member services for more information. do you offer gift memberships? yes. dollar shave club gift cards can be purchased at www.dollarshaveclub.com/gift. for additional information, see our faqs section titled "dsc credits & gift cards." how many blades will i receive per month? here‘s the blade breakdown: every month, you get 5 replacement razors with the humble twin; 4 with the 4x; and 4 with the executive. can i receive fewer blades per month? yes, you can switch to our not so hairy plan. this adjusts your membership frequency so we bill and ship your razors every other month. you can access this feature from your account page. can i buy extra handles? your initial order ships with a free handle. after it's been processed, additional handles can be added to your future orders from your account page. if you need one immediately, please contact member services. please also note that a free handle is always included anytime you switch your razor plan. do you have products for women? all of our products are great for women! we recommend the 4x (aka the lover‘s blade), but our women members have told us they love the executive too. do your razors have trimmer blades? our executive razor does have a trimmer feature on the back of the blade. the executive has six blades and comes with four replaceable heads per month. why does it say your girlfriend can use it too? guys have boyfriends too… of course, anyone can use it. and we love everyone! we just want to make sure that women know that the 4x works great for them too. are your products tested on animals? never. dollar shave club is 100% cruelty-free and dsc does not test its products on animals. we love all animals (especially bears). how many shaves will i get from one cartridge? though we can‘t give you an exact # of shaves per cartridge, the quality of our razors can guarantee you‘ll get one of the best shaves! also, since most people’s shaving needs are different, some may get more shaves from the executive than others. the best thing to do is give it a shot and try it out. if at any point you feel like you‘re not getting the # of shaves you want from your blades you can switch to another razor, or cancel at anytime! will you be adding safety razors to your inventory? thanks for the suggestion! we don‘t currently have plans to offer a safety razor, but we will look into it for the future! sounds like you‘re pretty attached to your razor, but give us a shot. if you feel like our razors aren‘t meeting or beating your blade standards, you can cancel at anytime! will you offer shaving cream or other products? yes! we recently launched dr. carver‘s shave butter, an upgrade to your traditional shave lotion or cream: https://www.dollarshaveclub.com/shave-butter. or learn more in our dsc extras faqs. we‘ll be launching more awesome products in the near future, so stay tuned! will you offer a 3-blade razor? thanks for the suggestion! we don‘t currently have plans to offer a 3-blade razor, but are definitely looking into it for the future! do your razors fit other brand handles? our high quality razors are uniquely manufactured and only fit our handles. where are your blades manufactured? our high quality blades and handles are manufactured overseas. why should i buy this? we took a long look at other shaving creams on the market and decided there was a lot to improve on. so we spent almost a year developing an original formula. the goal was to create the closest, gentlest shave imaginable, while leaving your face feeling fantastic. we‘re confident it‘s the best thing a man could possibly use to treat his face before a shave and leave it feeling awesome afterwards. is this product the same as shaving cream? absolutely not. dr. carver‘s easy shave butter is transparent, so you can see where you‘re shaving. also unlike shaving cream, it‘s formula is not soap-based so it won‘t dry your face out, and it rinses easy so it won‘t clog your razor. your face is going to look and feel like a million bucks after your shave. is there actual food butter in it? no. the formula is more like a lotion, but it makes for a smooth shave, like butter. how do i use the product? how much do i use? remove the foil seal before first use. squeeze a half dollar-sized dollop unto your palm. you want to make sure you use enough to create a thin layer across the entire shaveable area. rub it on, but don‘t rub it in. it‘s not supposed to lather. shave and rinse. how long will it last? that depends on how often you shave, but we‘ve found that a 6oz. tube should last you 1-2 months. after opening, the product should be good for twelve months, if stored properly. how do i store the product? keep the cap tightly closed. store at room temperature. is it safe for sensitive skin? yes. is it scented? there is no synthetic fragrance added, but there are natural extracts and oils of orange, rosemary, lavender, and eucalyptus which are fragrant. it‘s a light, fresh scent. it smells great and we love it. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? aloe vera: helps calm, soothe and hydrate the skin. pacific sea algae: helps soothe and balance skin. papaya fruit aids in exfoliation of dead skin cells. pineapple fruit: aids in exfoliation of dead skin cells. green tea: rich in anti-oxidants which can help protect skin and reduce the signs of aging. ginseng: helps to tone and rejuvenate skin. american black willow bark: a gentle ingredient that helps to control sebum (oil). what are all the ingredients? water, cetearyl alcohol, glycerin, cyclopentasiloxane, behentrimonium methosulfate, macadamia ternifolia seed oil, grape seed oil, oat kernel extract, willow bark extract, aloe barbadensis leaf extract, algae extract, papaya fruit extract, pineapple fruit extract, camelia sinensis leaf extract, panax ginsing root extract, propanediol, cyclohexasiloxane, dimethicone, phospholipids, retinyl palmitate, ascorbyl palmitate, tocopheryl acetate, leuconostoc/radish root ferment filtrate, hydrolyzed barley protein, opuntia ficus-indica stem extract, orange peel extract, rosemary leaf oil, lavender oil, eucalyptus globulus leaf oil, dimethiconol, potassium sorbate, hydroxypropyl guar hydroxypropyltrimonium chloride, disodium edta, ethylhexyglycerin, phenoxyethanol. what does paraben free mean? dr. carver‘s shave butter is paraben free. parabens are a group of compounds used in cosmetics as preservatives. current research suggests that there may be some possibility of later side effects when these substances come into regular contact with the skin. although the scientific evidence is not absolutely conclusive, we chose not to use these ingredients. was the product tested on animals? just the men in our office, and no other animals. dollar shave club is 100% cruelty-free and dsc does not test its products on animals. we love all animals (especially bears). is it hypoallergenic? yes. can my special lady use it to shave her legs? yes. you might want to show her how by doing it for her a few times. you're welcome. how do i order shave butter? if you‘re not part of the club yet, you‘ll have to sign up for razor membership first, and then add shave butter to your first shipment during the checkout process. is shave butter available by subscription? not yet. but dsc members will receive an email each month just before their shipment goes out asking if they need a replacement. is the product edible? not really. anything else i should know? janet thinks your face looks extra young, vibrant, and smooth after you use it. why should i buy this? dr. carver’s post shave moisturizer instantly calms and soothes before hydrating and locking in moisture for an all-day bounce. its gentle formula is safe for sensitive skin and non-sticky, non-greasy, so you’ll have no problem leaving it on all day. this moisturizer goes forward where others stop: to improve skin texture and fight the aging process. try it. your face will look & feel fantastic; you'll know you've been touched by a forgiving hand. is this an aftershave or moisturizer? dr. carver’s magnanimous post shave is a 2-in-1 product that calms and soothes freshly shaved skin while simultaneously locking in moisture for all day hydration. how do i use the product? how much should i use? apply directly after shaving to lock in moisture and soothe the skin. apply a dime size amount or enough to soothe and hydrate your face and neck. post shave can also be used as your daily moisturizer on days you don’t shave. is it for all skin types? the product was formulated for all skin types and is safe for sensitive skin. does it contain spf/does it protect against the sun? it does not provide sun protection. for spf protection, layer your sunscreen over dr. carver’s post shave moisturizer. how long will this product last? depending on how much product is used per application, a 3.4 oz bottle will last you approximately 3 months. after opening, the product should be good for twelve months. post shave has a three year shelf life prior to opening. is it safe for sensitive skin? yes, this gentle product was formulated for sensitive skin. is it scented? it is fragrance free with no natural or synthetic fragrance. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? golden barley: helps moisturize and soothe to heal skin after a shave. reduces the appearance of redness and razor bumps. prickly pear cactus: rich in antioxidants, helps soothe and hydrate. sodium hyaluronate: a powerful moisturizer. glycolic acid: a natural sugar cane fruit acid to help promote healthy skin renewal. shea butter: vitamin-rich to promote a soft, smooth, healthy appearance. aloe leaf juice: naturally soothes skin after a shave. oat extract: calms irritation with anti-inflammatory benefits. vitamins a, c, and e: provides antioxidant protection which can help reduce the signs of aging. what are all the ingredients? water/aqua/eau, cetearyl alcohol, glycerin, caprylic/capric triglyceride, carthamus tinctorius (safflower) seed oil, glyceryl stearate, opuntia streptacantha stem extract, butroyspermum parkii (shea) butter, hydrolyzed barley protein, hordeum vulgare seed extract, avena sativa (oat) kernel extract, sodium hyaluronate, aloe barbadensis leaf juice, tocopheryl acetate, retinyl palmitate, ascorbic acid, glycolic acid, squalane, dimethicone, cetyl alcohol, polysorbate 60, carbomer, aminomethyl propanol, disodium edta, peg-4 dilaurate, peg-4 laurate, peg-4, peg-100 stearate, methyl gluceth-10, hydroxyethyl acrylate/sodium acryloyldimethyl taurate copolymer, iodopropynyl butylcarbamate, phenoxyethanol. what does paraben free mean? dr. carver’s post shave is paraben free. parabens are a group of compounds used in cosmetics as preservatives. current research suggests that there may be some possibility of later side effects when these substances come into regular contact with the skin. although the scientific evidence is not absolutely conclusive, we chose not to use these ingredients. was it tested on animals? just the men (and women) in our office, and no other animals. dollar shave club is 100% cruelty-free and we do not test its products on animals. is it hypoallergenic? yes. is it vegan? yes. can women use it? yes, dr. carver’s post shave can be used by both men and women to moisturize and soothe the face and neck. apply a dime size to your face and neck prior to makeup application. how do i order it? if you’re not part of the club yet, you’ll have to sign up for razor membership first, and then add post shave to your first shipment during the checkout process. is post shave available by subscription? not yet. but dsc members will receive an email each month just before their shipment goes out asking if they need a replacement. anything else i should know? you’re going to love how it makes your face look and feel. sorry if strangers stop you on the street to caress your face. why should i buy this? dr carver’s miracle repair serum is the ideal remedy for guys who suffer from razor bumps, burns and ingrown hairs. how is the serum different from the post shave moisturizer? miracle repair serum is a targeted treatment serum that was formulated to combat razor bumps, burns, ingrown hairs and redness associated with shaving. whereas our post shave moisturizer is an all over face lotion that soothes and provides hydration, the repair serum was designed to be applied directly to the affected area, and as a spot treatment when needed. can i use both the serum and the moisturizer? yes! these products were designed to complement each other and provide soothing hydration + repair. if you are going to use both products, apply the repair serum first to the affected area, and then follow with the post shave moisturizer all over your face and neck. how do i use the product? apply to clean, damp skin directly after shaving. can also be used as a spot treatment morning and night. for additional moisture, follow with dr. carver’s magnanimous post shave moisturizer. how much should i use? apply a pea-sized amount directly to the affected area. should i use this daily? you can use this product daily to help reduce redness and fight ingrown hairs as well as exfoliate skin for a smoother complexion. what if i shave every other day? depending on how severe your razor bumps and ingrown hairs are, you may want to use this serum even on days that you do not shave. should i use this all over my face, or just the shave area? this product was designed to be used directly on the shaved area. however, it is packed with great ingredients to exfoliate, smooth and even out skin tone and can be used all over too.. is it for all skin types? yes, repair serum is great for all skin types. , especially those who are prone to irritation from shaving. what if i have acne prone (or oily) skin? this product is great for acne prone or oily skin. it was formulated with salicylic acid which helps to reduce facial oils and lactic acid to gently exfoliate the skin. does it burn? no, it doesn’t burn like an alcohol-based aftershave or astringent product would. does it contain spf/does it protect against the sun? it does not provide sun protection. for spf protection, layer your sunscreen over dr. carver’s miracle repair serum. is it scented? no, repair serum is fragrance-free what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? cypress berry — antiseptic (kills bacteria), styptic (helps to accelerate healing of nicks, scratches and cuts) solomon’s seal — helps to reduce inflammation arnica flower — helps to eliminate and diffuse redness/razor burn salicylic acid — exfoliates dead skin cells and reduces oils for help with ingrown hairs white tea — anti-oxidant protection blueberry extract — fights signs of aging what are all the ingredients? water/aqua/eau, hyaluronic acid, cetearyl isononanoate, ceteareth-20, cetearyl alcohol, glyceryl stearate, propylene glycol, glycerin, ceteareth-12, cetyl palmitate, cyclomethicone, dimethicone, sodium polyacrylate, glycolic acid, lactic acid, salicylic acid, arnica montana flower extract, polygonatum officinale rhizome/root extract, hordeum vulgare extract, cupressus sempervirens seed extract, camellia sinensis (green tea) leaf extract, camellia sinensis (white tea) leaf extract, vaccinium angustifolium (blueberry) fruit extract, punica granatum (pomegranate) fruit extract, phenoxyethanol, ethylhexylglycerin. what does paraben free mean? dr. carver’s repair serum is paraben free. parabens are a group of compounds used in cosmetics as preservatives. current research suggests that there may be some possibility of later side effects when these substances come into regular contact with the skin. although the scientific evidence is not absolutely conclusive, we chose not to use these ingredients. what does clinically proven mean? the serum was tested at a 3rd party fda approved laboratory on a panel of men to show it’s effectiveness at reducing the appearance of razor bumps, burns, ingrown hairs, redness and irritation. what does dermatologist tested mean? a dermatologist reviewed and approved the skin safety of this product. was it tested on animals? never. dollar shave club is 100% cruelty-free and we do not test products on animals. is it vegan? yes, this formula is vegan. repair serum does not contain any animal or animal-derived ingredients. the lactic acid found in this formula is derived from sugar cane. is it gluten free? no is it hypoallergenic? yes can women use it? yes, of course. how do i order it? members can add repair serum to their next box from our products page. if you’re not part of the club yet, you’ll have to sign up for razor membership first. once you’re a member you can add it to your next box from the our products page. is repair serum available by subscription? not yet. but dsc members will receive an email each month just before their shipment goes out asking if they need a replacement. what makes one wipe charlies better than conventional toilet paper? users of wipes are happier with their level of clean. 89% of us wipe users are very/extremely satisfied with the cleanliness of their butt after using a wipe vs. only 58% of toilet paper users. how are they different from other wipes on the market? one wipe charlies were designed with men in mind. they have a manly scent, not feminine or for babies. plus, the naturally-derived ingredients work effectively to promote less irritation. but can women and kids use one wipe charlies? yes, they‘re safe for use as directed on women and we recommend under supervision for kids. how many come in a pack? each $4 pack contains 40 wipes. what are your wipes made of? viscose rayon, which is a biodegradable plant-based material. are your wipes flushable? yes, they are flushable in modern sewer systems but not recommended for septic systems (see next faq). we recommend only flushing one at a time. are they safe for septic systems? one wipe charlies are not septic system safe. for more information on septic system do's and don'ts, visit the following links: http://www.epa.gov/owm/septic/pubs/homeowner_guide_long.pdf http://www.nesc.wvu.edu/subpages/septic.cfm how many can i flush at once? we recommend only flushing one at a time. it‘s good practice. what makes them durable? one wipe charlies are spunlace (nonwoven) wipes that are made using hydro-entanglement. which is a fancy way of saying, we‘ve got you covered. how big are each of the wipes? do they come in different sizes? each charlie is 5" x 7". they just come in one size. do your wipes contain soap? what is the cleaning agent used in your wipes? no, they do not contain soap. oat extract is the cleansing agent. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? cucumber extract: a cooling nutrient that attracts moisture and hydrates the skin. oat extract: cleanses with calming properties. marshmallow herb: helps soothe the skin. chamomile: moisturizes and helps calm sensitive skin. vitamin e: a natural skin-conditioning agent and antioxidant. what are all the ingredients? water, polysorbate 20, cucumis sativus (cucumber) fruit extract, althaea officinalis root extract, avena sativa (oat) kernel extract, aloe barbadensis leaf extract, chamomilla recutita (matricaria) flower extract, tocopheryl acetate, phenoxyethanol, caprylyl glycol, fragrance. what if i have a sensitive bottom? aloe, marshmallow, cucumber are great soothing ingredients. and oat extract is a gentle cleaning agent. is it safe to use on other parts of my body? yes, but best to avoid your face. is there a fragrance? yes, a refreshing peppermint scent. do i have to be a member to buy one wipe charlies? yes. can i buy this product anywhere else? no, one wipe charlies are a dollar shave club product, exclusively available to our members. where are charlies made? in the great state of california. are one wipe charlies available for on-demand purchase and delivery? at the moment, charlies can only be added to your next box. how do i prevent them from dying out? is the package resealable? yes, one wipe charlies come in a re-sealable package, so reseal after each use to help prevent drying out. how do i use this product? if you really need help here, please follow the instructions on the packaging. how many should i use at a time? we recommend using one wipe at a time. are you guys crazy? yes. what are dsc credits? dsc credits are a form of dollar shave club currency that our members can use towards dsc purchases. dsc credits are applied to charges for monthly subscriptions and can also be used to purchase dsc extras each month. how do i earn dsc credits? referrals are the easiest way. members earn dsc credits as soon as they sign up their first friend! how do dsc referrals work? for every friend you successfully refer you get $5 of dsc credits. these dsc credits will be applied first before any charges for your monthly subscription or extras each month. to refer a friend just copy your unique referral link from your account page, share with a friend, make sure they click on your link to sign up… and bam! $5 of dsc credits gets added to your account. what if my friend signed up, but he forgot to use my link? contact member services, we'll hook you up. what‘s a dsc gift card? dsc gift cards can be purchased to give the gift of dollar shave club. just select an amount and your gift recipient receives a customized message from you along with a unique dsc code that they redeem on our website. instantly they have dsc credits to use towards any dollar shave club razor subscription and extras. how much can i put on a dsc gift card? dsc gift cards can be for as little as $10, as much as $250, or any value in between. what payment methods can i use to purchase a dsc gift card? we accept all major credit cards. if you‘re already a dsc member, you can use the credit card you have on file with us when you check out. if i‘m already a member, can i use my dsc credits to purchase a dsc gift card? sorry, dsc credits can not be applied towards the purchase of a gift card. instead of a gift card, can i choose actual dsc products to give as a gift? not currently, but you can customize a message to your gift recipient to recommend dollar shave club products you think they need or would enjoy. can my gift recipient use his/her credits for any dsc products? yes. except for dsc gift cards. we don‘t believe in re-gifting dsc. what information do i need to know about my gift recipient? you will need your gift recipient's full name and email address. does my gift recipient get their dsc gift card right away? only if you want them to. otherwise you can select a date up to one year in the future letting us know when you‘d like your gift recipient to receive an email about their awesome gift. your credit card will be charged immediately. what happens after i purchase a dsc gift card? gift card purchasers will receive an email confirming order success and gift card details. will i know when my gift recipient receives their dsc gift card? yes, we‘ll send you an email on the selected delivery date. does my gift recipient have to be a member already? nope. you can give a dsc gift card to anyone. although a membership is required to redeem the gift card. does my gift recipient have to pay for anything or provide their credit card info? absolutely not. all they have to do is create an account when they redeem their gift card, so we know who they are and where to ship to. they can add a payment method when checking out only if they don‘t have enough dsc credits for their order. otherwise, they can add one at any time to avoid disruption of their subscription. what happens when my gift recipient uses up their dsc gift card? we‘ll notify them before their dsc credits are about to run out. if they love the club, they can add a payment method to their account to keep the goods coming. what if i purchase a gift card with enough dsc credits for 3 months of the 4x, but they want the executive? dsc gift cards can be applied to any razor they choose when they redeem. so if you purchased a gift card for $18, your gift recipient would get 2 months of the executive - thanks to you! can my gift recipient redeem a dsc gift card for one razor, but switch razors type later? yes, easily. since your gift recipient created an account during gift card redemption, they can make any changes by logging in to their dsc account page. what if i purchased a dsc gift card, then realize i used the wrong email address for the recipient? not a problem. just contact member services and we'll get it sorted out. what if the person i want to gift doesn‘t live in the us? darn. dsc gift cards are only redeemable by us residents. can i add more credits onto my gift recipients account if i want to extend my gift? sorry it doesn‘t work that way. you‘ll have to purchase another dsc gift card for them. do dsc gift cards expire? no, they never expire. when will you ship my order? new dsc memberships are processed immediately upon sign up, and your first shipment will leave our warehouse shortly after. shipments usually take 3-5 business days once mailed. when can i expect my recurring shipments? your recurring billing date is determined by your original sign up date. for example if you joined on the 1st, your next shipment will be billed and processed on the 1st of the following month and so on. or every other month, if you‘re on our not so hairy plan. can i pause my shipments? yes, you can pause your shipping by clicking on membership settings on your account page. you will still be able to make account changes while paused. how long can i pause for? you can pause your shipping for 1, 2, or 3 months. how do i resume? your shipping will automatically resume on your bill date after the 1, 2, or 3 month pause you have selected. you also have the option of resuming earlier. what if i run out of blades while i'm paused? you can choose resume now under membership settings and your next box will be processed right away. your bill date will move to the date you resumed. how often can i pause? you can pause and resume whenever you want. i recently moved, but i think my last shipment was shipped to my old address. what do i do? please log in to your account and make sure to update your shipping information. then contact member services and we‘ll do our best to get you what you need! can you ship bulk orders? sorry, we don‘t offer bulk orders at this time, just the subscription service. this question was not found please see our list of frequently asked questions to the left. questions not answered here? contact us shave butter post shave wipes faq contact us club reviews press blog careers privacy terms sitemap location united states australia canada location united states australia canada facebook twitter google + youtube pinterest instagram © 2012-2015 dollar shave club. all rights reserved. chairman's seal bbb accredited business