来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151223192035/http://www.dollarshaveclub.com/faqs
================================================================================

frequently asked questions | dollar shave club got a gift card? gift card? redeem it nowredeem it now. or you can browse the site and redeem it during checkout. home our blades our products shave by dr.carver style by boogie fresh by charlie your {{ $root.getrazorplanname() }} plan how it works club reviews gift the club buy gift card redeem gift card bathroom minutes login join your account : {{ $root.config.currency }}{{ $root.formatpricestring($root.config.customerinfo.wallet_balance) }} share the club, get $5 logout faq contact us menu join box menu our blades our products gift how it works reviews login join account box dsc faqs not in the club yet? learn more about dollar shave club here. becoming a member how does a dollar shave club membership work? is there a fee to join? what can i expect in my first shipment? what if i don't shave very often? what is your cancelation policy? where are my membership settings? what if i want to switch razors? can i pay for a year in advance? do you accept paypal? can i pay by check or over the phone? how do the referrals work? how do i get free stuff? can i have multiple subscriptions under one account? do you ship outside of the us? apo addresses? do you offer gift memberships? our razors how many blades will i receive per month? can i receive fewer blades per month? can i buy extra handles? do you have products for women? do your razors have trimmer blades? why does it say your girlfriend can use it too? guys can have boyfriends too… are your products tested on animals? how many shaves will i get from one cartridge? will you be adding any safety razors to your inventory? will you offer shaving cream or other products? will you offer a 3-blade razor? do your razors fit other brand handles? where are your blades manufactured? dr. carver's easy shave butter why should i buy this? is this product the same as shaving cream? is there actual food butter in it? how do i use the product? how much do i use? how long will it last? how do i store the product? is it safe for sensitive skin? is it scented? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? what does paraben free mean? was the product tested on animals? is it hypoallergenic? can my special lady use it to shave her legs? how do i order shave butter? is shave butter available by subscription? is the product edible? anything else i should know? pillowy shave lather why should i buy this? is this product similar to shaving cream? is this product the same as dr. carver’s easy shave butter? how do i use this product? how much do i use? how do i store the product? is it for all skin types? is it scented? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? what does paraben free mean? was the product tested on animals? can i use it to shave my legs? is shave lather available by subscription? is the product edible? anything else i should know? magnanimous post shave cream why should i buy this? is this an aftershave or moisturizer? how do i use the product? how much should i use? is it for all skin types? does it contain spf/does it protect against the sun? how long will this product last? is it scented? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? what does paraben free mean? was it tested on animals? is it hypoallergenic? is it vegan? can women use it? how do i order it? is post shave available by subscription? anything else i should know? miracle repair serum why should i buy this? how is the serum different from the post shave moisturizer? can i use both the serum and the moisturizer? how do i use the product? how much should i use? should i use this daily? what if i shave every other day? should i use this all over my face, or just the shave area? is it for all skin types? what if i have acne prone (or oily) skin? does it burn? does it contain spf/does it protect against the sun? is it scented? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? what does paraben free mean? what does clinically proven mean? what does dermatologist tested mean? was it tested on animals? is it vegan? is it gluten free? is it hypoallergenic? can women use it? how do i order it? is repair serum available by subscription? charlies one wipe charlies what makes one wipe charlies better than conventional toilet paper? how are they different from other wipes on the market? but can women and kids use one wipe charlies? how many come in a pack? what are your wipes made of? are your wipes flushable? are they safe for septic systems? how many can i flush at once? what makes them durable? how big are each of the wipes? do they come in different sizes? do your wipes contain soap? what is the cleaning agent used in your wipes? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? what if i have a sensitive bottom? is it safe to use on other parts of my body? is there a fragrance? do i have to be a member to buy one wipe charlies? can i buy this product anywhere else? where are charlies made? are one wipe charlies available for on-demand purchase and delivery? how do i prevent them from drying out? is the package resealable? how do i use this product? how many should i use at a time? are you guys crazy? boogie's dream hair cream why should i buy this? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? does it contain any of the following? what does paraben free mean? what does sulfate free mean? how do i use this product? how much do i use? how long will it last? how do i store it? is it safe for sensitive skin? is it scented? what is the fragrance? how do i order dream hair cream? is dream hair cream available by subscription? was it tested on animals? is it hypoallergenic? is it allergy tested? is it vegan? is it gluten free? are there any animal derived ingredients? is it organic? can women use it? where is it made? what if my animal/child gets a hold of it? what happens if it gets in your eyes? or mouth? smart hair paste why should i buy this? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? does it contain any of the following? how do i use this product? how much do i use? how long will it last? how do i store it? is it safe for sensitive skin? is it scented? what is the fragrance? how do i order boogie's products? are boogie's available by subscription? is the product edible? what does paraben free mean? what does sulfate free mean? was it tested on animals? is it vegan? are there any animal derived ingredients? is it hypoallergenic? is it allergy tested? what does dermatologist tested mean? is it gluten free? is it organic? can women use it? where is it made? what if my animal/child gets a hold of it? what happens if it gets in your eyes? or mouth? true hair fiber why should i buy this? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? does it contain any of the following? how do i use this product? how much do i use? how long will it last? how do i store the product? is it safe for sensitive skin? is it scented? what is the fragrance? how do i order boogie's products? are boogie's available by subscription? are the products safe for color treated hair? what does paraben free mean? what does sulfate free mean? what does dermatologist tested mean? is it hypoallergenic? is it allergy tested? is it vegan? is it gluten free? is it organic? are there any animal derived ingredients? can women use it? where is it made? where are the ingredients sourced? is it tested on animals? what if my animal/child gets a hold of it? what happens if it gets in your eyes? or mouth? casual hair clay why should i buy this? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? does it contain any of the following? how do i use this product? how much do i use? how long will it last? how do i store the product? is it safe for sensitive skin? is it scented? what is the fragrance? how do i order boogie's products? are boogie's available by subscription? are the products safe for color treated hair? what does paraben free mean? what does sulfate free mean? what does dermatologist tested mean? is it hypoallergenic? is it allergy tested? is it vegan? is it gluten free? is it organic? are there any animal derived ingredients? can women use it? where is it made? what if my animal/child gets a hold of it? what happens if it gets in your eyes? or mouth? bold hair gel why should i buy this? what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? what are all the ingredients? does it contain any of the following? how do i use this product? how much do i use? how often can i use this product? how long will it last? is it safe for sensitive skin? is it scented? what is the fragrance? how do i order boogie's products? are boogie's available by subscription? are the products safe for color treated hair? how do i store the product? what does paraben free mean? what does sulfate free mean? what does dermatologist tested mean? was it tested on animals? is it hypoallergenic? is it allergy tested? is it vegan? is it gluten free? is it organic? are there any animal derived ingredients? can women use it? where is it made? where are the ingredients sourced? what if my animal/child gets a hold of it? what happens if it gets in your eyes? or mouth? dsc referrals & credits what are dsc credits? how do i earn dsc credits? how do dsc referrals work? what if my friend signed up, but they forgot to use my link? dsc gifting gift cards what's an e gift card? how much can i put on a dsc gift card? what payment methods can i use to purchase a dsc gift card? if i'm already a member can i use my dsc credits to purchase a dsc gift card? instead of a gift card, can i choose actual dsc products to give as a gift? can my gift recipient use dsc credits for any dsc products? what information do i need to know about my gift recipient? does my gift recipient get the dsc gift card right away? what happens after i purchase a dsc gift card? will i know when my gift recipient receives their dsc gift card? does my gift recipient have to be a member already? does my gift recipient have to pay for anything or provide their credit card info? what happens when my gift recipient uses up their dsc credits / gift card? can my gift recipient redeem a dsc gift card for one razor and switch later? what if i purchased a dsc gift card, then realized i used the wrong email address? can i gift internationally? can i add more credits to extend the gift? do dsc gift cards expire? i bought someone a gift card but they never received it... how can i redeem my gift card? what happens when i use up my dsc credits / gift card? i didn’t get my gift card, what should i do? do i need to choose a razor subscription to redeem the gift card? i am having trouble redeeming my gift card, what should i do? i was given a gift card for dsc, but don’t want it… i got a gift card, do i need to provide you with my credit card information? gift a membership what’s gifting a membership? i just ordered a gift membership, what happens now? if i choose the first box to be shipped to me, will i receive all the boxes? what’s this welcome email? i just ordered a gift, when will it arrive? what information do i need to know about my gift recipient? will the welcome email message be in the box? what will be sent each month in the box? will the gift recipient be able to see my card information? i’m not sure if the recipient is already a member of the club… will my card be charged each month? will i be charged if the recipient makes additional purchases? why can’t i gift the humble twin? received a gift i received my welcome email, what do i have to claim? what do i need to claim my account? i just claimed my box, do i need to enter my payment information? i just received a gift, do i need to claim it? i can’t claim my box / wrong email address. i just received my welcome email but not my box… can i change what i get in my box each month? i just received a gift membership but i’m already a member… ship now orders what is a ship now order? how do i create a ship now order? is there an extra shipping fee? when will my ship now order be delivered? how do ship now orders ship? if i place a ship now order of blades, will i still be charged for my next box? can i make ship now purchases if i’m not a member? can i make ship now purchases if my account is paused? how do i track my ship now order? why can’t i place a ship now order? can i send a ship now order to a different address? can i pay for a ship now order with a different card? shipping info when will you ship my order? when can i expect my recurring shipments? can i pause my shipments? how long can i pause for? how do i resume? what if i run out of blades while i'm paused? how often can i pause? i recently moved, but i think my last shipment was shipped to my old address. what do i do? can you ship bulk orders? how does a dollar shave club membership work? it‘s simple. you sign up by selecting a razor and creating an account with your shipping address and billing details. we ship you blades and a handle in your first order. then we bill and ship you replacement blades for your razor every month after, like a subscription. you can cancel anytime. is there a fee to join? there is no membership fee. you just pay for your razors. what can i expect in my first shipment? your first order will arrive with your new blades, a handle, and any extras you have selected. what if i don‘t shave very often? you can adjust your membership frequency by switching to our not so hairy plan. then we simply bill and ship your razors every other month. you can access this feature from your account page. what is your cancelation policy? you can cancel your account at any time by logging into your account, clicking membership settings, and choosing cancel my account. please let us know if you are experiencing issues, and we‘ll do our best to help you! where are my membership settings? a “membership settings” link will appear on your account page as soon as your first order ships. this link allows you to cancel your membership at any time. if you need to cancel before your first order ships, please contact us. what if i want to switch razors? switching is easy! just log in to your account and click change my razor. your recurring bill date will remain the same, and your new blades and handle will arrive in your next box. can i pay for a year in advance? sorry, we don‘t offer pay in advance or bulk orders at this time, just the membership service. do you accept paypal? sorry, we don‘t accept paypal at this time. only major credit cards. can i pay by check or over the phone? sorry, we only take major credit cards at this time. signing up online is easy! our awesome blades are just a few clicks away: https://www.dollarshaveclub.com/checkout how do the referrals work? how do i get free stuff? for every friend you successfully refer you get $5 of dsc credits added to your wallet. these dsc credits will be applied first before any charges for your monthly subscription or extras each month. to refer a friend just copy your unique referral link from your account page, share with a friend, make sure they click on your link to sign up… and bam! $5 of dsc credits in your wallet. can i have multiple subscriptions under one account? unfortunately our system will only allow 1 subscription per account. we‘re working on it, but for now you‘re more than welcome to sign up for multiple accounts with us under different email addresses. do you ship outside of the us? apo addresses? we currently ship to u.s., canada, and australia. keep in touch via facebook & twitter for more international updates. as for our beloved service men and women, we can ship to most apo addresses. please contact member services for more information. do you offer gift memberships? yes. dollar shave club gift cards can be purchased at www.dollarshaveclub.com/gift. for additional information, see our faqs section titled "dsc credits & gift cards." how many blades will i receive per month? here‘s the blade breakdown: every month, you get 5 replacement razors with the humble twin; 4 with the 4x; and 4 with the executive. can i receive fewer blades per month? yes, you can switch to our not so hairy plan. this adjusts your membership frequency so we bill and ship your razors every other month. you can access this feature from your account page. can i buy extra handles? your initial order ships with a free handle. after it's been processed, additional handles can be added to your future orders from your account page. if you need one immediately, please contact member services. please also note that a free handle is always included anytime you switch your razor plan. do you have products for women? all of our products are great for women! we recommend the 4x (aka the lover‘s blade), but our women members have told us they love the executive too. do your razors have trimmer blades? our executive razor does have a trimmer feature on the back of the blade. the executive has six blades and comes with four replaceable heads per month. why does it say your girlfriend can use it too? guys have boyfriends too… of course, anyone can use it. and we love everyone! we just want to make sure that women know that the 4x works great for them too. are your products tested on animals? never. dollar shave club is 100% cruelty-free and dsc does not test its products on animals. we love all animals (especially bears). how many shaves will i get from one cartridge? though we can‘t give you an exact # of shaves per cartridge, the quality of our razors can guarantee you‘ll get one of the best shaves! also, since most people’s shaving needs are different, some may get more shaves from the executive than others. the best thing to do is give it a shot and try it out. if at any point you feel like you‘re not getting the # of shaves you want from your blades you can switch to another razor, or cancel at anytime! will you be adding safety razors to your inventory? thanks for the suggestion! we don‘t currently have plans to offer a safety razor, but we will look into it for the future! sounds like you‘re pretty attached to your razor, but give us a shot. if you feel like our razors aren‘t meeting or beating your blade standards, you can cancel at anytime! will you offer shaving cream or other products? yes! we recently launched dr. carver‘s shave butter, an upgrade to your traditional shave lotion or cream: https://www.dollarshaveclub.com/shave-butter. or learn more in our dsc extras faqs. we‘ll be launching more awesome products in the near future, so stay tuned! will you offer a 3-blade razor? thanks for the suggestion! we don‘t currently have plans to offer a 3-blade razor, but are definitely looking into it for the future! do your razors fit other brand handles? our high quality razors are uniquely manufactured and only fit our handles. where are your blades manufactured? our high quality blades and handles are manufactured overseas. why should i buy this? we took a long look at other shaving creams on the market and decided there was a lot to improve on. so we spent almost a year developing an original formula. the goal was to create the closest, gentlest shave imaginable, while leaving your face feeling fantastic. we‘re confident it‘s the best thing a man could possibly use to treat his face before a shave and leave it feeling awesome afterwards. is this product the same as shaving cream? absolutely not. dr. carver‘s easy shave butter is transparent, so you can see where you‘re shaving. also unlike shaving cream, it‘s formula is not soap-based so it won‘t dry your face out, and it rinses easy so it won‘t clog your razor. your face is going to look and feel like a million bucks after your shave. is there actual food butter in it? no. the formula is more like a lotion, but it makes for a smooth shave, like butter. how do i use the product? how much do i use? remove the foil seal before first use. squeeze a half dollar-sized dollop unto your palm. you want to make sure you use enough to create a thin layer across the entire shaveable area. rub it on, but don‘t rub it in. it‘s not supposed to lather. shave and rinse. how long will it last? that depends on how often you shave, but we‘ve found that a 6oz. tube should last you 1-2 months. after opening, the product should be good for twelve months, if stored properly. how do i store the product? keep the cap tightly closed. store at room temperature. is it safe for sensitive skin? yes. is it scented? there is no synthetic fragrance added, but there are natural extracts and oils of orange, rosemary, lavender, and eucalyptus which are fragrant. it‘s a light, fresh scent. it smells great and we love it. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? aloe vera: helps calm, soothe and hydrate the skin. pacific sea algae: helps soothe and balance skin. papaya fruit aids in exfoliation of dead skin cells. pineapple fruit: aids in exfoliation of dead skin cells. green tea: rich in anti-oxidants which can help protect skin and reduce the signs of aging. ginseng: helps to tone and rejuvenate skin. american black willow bark: a gentle ingredient that helps to control sebum (oil). what are all the ingredients? water, cetearyl alcohol, glycerin, cyclopentasiloxane, behentrimonium methosulfate, macadamia ternifolia seed oil, grape seed oil, oat kernel extract, willow bark extract, aloe barbadensis leaf extract, algae extract, papaya fruit extract, pineapple fruit extract, camelia sinensis leaf extract, panax ginsing root extract, propanediol, cyclohexasiloxane, dimethicone, phospholipids, retinyl palmitate, ascorbyl palmitate, tocopheryl acetate, leuconostoc/radish root ferment filtrate, hydrolyzed barley protein, opuntia ficus-indica stem extract, orange peel extract, rosemary leaf oil, lavender oil, eucalyptus globulus leaf oil, dimethiconol, potassium sorbate, hydroxypropyl guar hydroxypropyltrimonium chloride, disodium edta, ethylhexyglycerin, phenoxyethanol. what does paraben free mean? dr. carver‘s shave butter is paraben free. parabens are a group of compounds used in cosmetics as preservatives. current research suggests that there may be some possibility of later side effects when these substances come into regular contact with the skin. although the scientific evidence is not absolutely conclusive, we chose not to use these ingredients. was the product tested on animals? just the men in our office, and no other animals. dollar shave club is 100% cruelty-free and dsc does not test its products on animals. we love all animals (especially bears). is it hypoallergenic? yes. can my special lady use it to shave her legs? yes. you might want to show her how by doing it for her a few times. you're welcome. how do i order shave butter? if you‘re not part of the club yet, you‘ll have to sign up for razor membership first, and then add shave butter to your first shipment during the checkout process. is shave butter available by subscription? not yet. but dsc members will receive an email each month just before their shipment goes out asking if they need a replacement. is the product edible? not really. anything else i should know? janet thinks your face looks extra young, vibrant, and smooth after you use it. why should i buy this? dr. carver’s pillowy shave lather fluffs into an opaque, rich lather to provide a protective, cushiony layer for a comfortable shave. created with skin conditioning ingredients, the formula is free of parabens and sulfates. is this product similar to shaving cream? this isn’t your average shaving cream. its high quality ingredients generate a rich, creamy lather that cushions and protects your skin. is this product the same as dr. carver’s easy shave butter? nope! our easy shave butter is translucent and doesn’t foam, whereas, our pillowy shave lather is opaque and generates a rich, creamy lather. both products will give you an awesome shave, it just depends on your preference. learn more here. how do i use this product? how much do i use? dispense a strawberry sized dollop of shave lather into hand. apply a generous layer using fingertips or shave brush. use circular motions to create a rich lather. shave, preferably with a fresh dsc blade. rinse and enjoy. how do i store the product? keep it in a cool and dry place, like your medicine cabinet. is it for all skin types? yes. is it scented? yep, it smells like a herbaceous blend with black pepper, lavender, amber and mint. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? 4-oil blend (coconut, jojoba, macadamia and soyabean oils) for skin conditioning aloe leaf juice: soothing properties boerhavia diffusa root: anti-inflammatory and calming benefits peppermint oil & extract: provide cooling effect oat extract: soothes skin green tea extract: antioxidant benefits what are all the ingredients? water/aqua/eau, myristic acid, stearic acid, lauric acid, palmitic acid, potassium hydroxide, glycerin, lauramidopropyl betaine, aloe barbadensis leaf juice, hydrogenated soybean oil, tapioca starch, cocos nucifera (coconut) oil, macadamia ternifolia seed oil, simmondsia chinensis (jojoba) seed oil, mentha piperita (peppermint) leaf extract, mentha peperita (peppermint) oil, algae extract, ananas sativus (papaya) fruit extract, carica papaya (papaya) fruit extract, salix alba (willow) bark extract, avena sativa (oat) kernel extract, boerhavia diffusa root extract, calendula officinalis flower extract, camellia sinensis leaf extract, panax ginseng root extract, 1, 2-hexanediol, butylene glycol, caprylyl glycol, coco-glucoside, disodium edta, glyceryl oleate, polyquaterinum-7, tropolone, menthol, menthyl lactate, fragrance (parfum), limonene, benzyl benzoate, linalool, butyphenyl methylpropional. what does paraben free mean? it means that the formula doesn’t contain any parabens, which are ingredients commonly used as a preservative system in personal care products. was the product tested on animals? nope. can i use it to shave my legs? yep, as long as a cooling effect is cool with you. is shave lather available by subscription? nope, it can be added to your box as a one-time addition or purchased via ship now. is the product edible? nope. anything else i should know? expect a gentle, cooling effect thanks to peppermint leaf extract and peppermint oil. why should i buy this? dr. carver’s post shave cream instantly calms and soothes before hydrating and helping to lock in moisture. this gentle formula is non-sticky, non-greasy, so you’ll have no problem leaving it on all day. this cream goes forward where others stop: skin conditioning ingredients and protective antioxidants work quietly to help improve the appearance of skin texture. your face will look & feel fantastic; you'll know you've been touched by a forgiving hand. try it! is this an aftershave or moisturizer? dr. carver’s magnanimous post shave is a 2-in-1 product that calms and soothes freshly shaved skin while simultaneously helping to lock in moisture. how do i use the product? how much should i use? use directly after shaving to lock in moisture and soothe the skin. apply a dime-size amount or enough to evenly soothe and hydrate your face and neck. post shave cream can also be used as your daily moisturizer on days you don’t shave. is it for all skin types? the product was formulated for all skin types and contains gentle ingredients. does it contain spf/does it protect against the sun? it does not provide sun protection. for spf protection, layer your sunscreen over dr. carver’s post shave cream. how long will this product last? depending on how much product is used per application, a 3.5 oz bottle will last you approximately 3 months. after opening, the product should be good for twelve months. post shave cream has a three year shelf life prior to opening. is it safe for sensitive skin? yes, this gentle product was formulated for sensitive skin. is it scented? yes, lightly scented with notes of bergamot (look it up!), rosemary and warm amber. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? golden barley: helps moisturize and soothe to heal skin after a shave. reduces the appearance of redness and razor bumps. prickly pear cactus: rich in antioxidants, helps soothe and hydrate. sodium hyaluronate: a powerful moisturizer. glycolic acid: a natural sugar cane fruit acid to help promote healthy skin renewal. shea butter: vitamin-rich to promote a soft, smooth, healthy appearance. aloe leaf juice: naturally soothes skin after a shave. oat extract: calms irritation with anti-inflammatory benefits. vitamins a, c, and e: provides antioxidant protection which can help reduce the signs of aging. what are all the ingredients? water/aqua/eau, cetearyl alcohol, glycerin, caprylic/capric triglyceride, carthamus tinctorius (safflower) seed oil, glyceryl stearate, cetyl alcohol, dimethicone, opuntia streptacantha stem extract, butyrospermum parkii (shea) butter, hydrolyzed barley protein, hordeum vulgare seed extract, avena sativa (oat) kernel extract, sodium hyaluronate, aloe barbadensis leaf juice, tocopheryl acetate, retinyl palmitate, ascorbic acid, glycolic acid, squalane, polysorbate 60, carbomer, aminomethyl propanol, disodium edta, peg-4 dilaurate, peg-4 laurate, peg-4, peg-100 stearate, methyl gluceth-10, hydroxyethyl acrylate/sodium acryloyldimethyl taurate copolymer, iodopropynyl butylcarbamate, phenoxyethanol, fragrance (parfum) what does paraben free mean? dr. carver’s post shave cream is paraben free. parabens are a group of compounds used in cosmetics as preservatives. current research suggests that there may be some possibility of later side effects when these substances come into regular contact with the skin. although the scientific evidence is not absolutely conclusive, we chose not to use these ingredients. was it tested on animals? never! only on the men and women in our office. is it hypoallergenic? yes. is it vegan? yep! it is vegan-friendly. can women use it? yes, dr. carver’s post shave cream can be used by both men and women to moisturize and soothe the shaved area. apply a dime-size amount to your face and neck prior to makeup application. how do i order it? if you’re not in the club yet, you’ll have to sign up for razor membership first. then add post shave cream to your first shipment during the checkout process. is post shave available by subscription? nope, it can be added to your box as a one-time addition or purchased via ship now. anything else i should know? you’re going to love how it makes your face look and feel. sorry if strangers stop you on the street to caress your face. why should i buy this? dr carver’s miracle repair serum is the ideal remedy for guys who suffer from razor bumps, burns and ingrown hairs. how is the serum different from the post shave moisturizer? miracle repair serum is a targeted treatment serum that was formulated to combat razor bumps, burns, ingrown hairs and redness associated with shaving. whereas our post shave moisturizer is an all over face lotion that soothes and provides hydration, the repair serum was designed to be applied directly to the affected area, and as a spot treatment when needed. can i use both the serum and the moisturizer? yes! these products were designed to complement each other and provide soothing hydration + repair. if you are going to use both products, apply the repair serum first to the affected area, and then follow with the post shave moisturizer all over your face and neck. how do i use the product? apply to clean, damp skin directly after shaving. can also be used as a spot treatment morning and night. for additional moisture, follow with dr. carver’s magnanimous post shave moisturizer. how much should i use? apply a pea-sized amount directly to the affected area. should i use this daily? you can use this product daily to help reduce redness and fight ingrown hairs as well as exfoliate skin for a smoother complexion. what if i shave every other day? depending on how severe your razor bumps and ingrown hairs are, you may want to use this serum even on days that you do not shave. should i use this all over my face, or just the shave area? this product was designed to be used directly on the shaved area. however, it is packed with great ingredients to exfoliate, smooth and even out skin tone and can be used all over too.. is it for all skin types? yes, repair serum is great for all skin types. , especially those who are prone to irritation from shaving. what if i have acne prone (or oily) skin? this product is great for acne prone or oily skin. it was formulated with salicylic acid which helps to reduce facial oils and lactic acid to gently exfoliate the skin. does it burn? no, it doesn’t burn like an alcohol-based aftershave or astringent product would. does it contain spf/does it protect against the sun? it does not provide sun protection. for spf protection, layer your sunscreen over dr. carver’s miracle repair serum. is it scented? no, repair serum is fragrance-free what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? cypress berry — antiseptic (kills bacteria), styptic (helps to accelerate healing of nicks, scratches and cuts) solomon’s seal — helps to reduce inflammation arnica flower — helps to eliminate and diffuse redness/razor burn salicylic acid — exfoliates dead skin cells and reduces oils for help with ingrown hairs white tea — anti-oxidant protection blueberry extract — fights signs of aging what are all the ingredients? water/aqua/eau, hyaluronic acid, cetearyl isononanoate, ceteareth-20, cetearyl alcohol, glyceryl stearate, propylene glycol, glycerin, ceteareth-12, cetyl palmitate, cyclomethicone, dimethicone, sodium polyacrylate, glycolic acid, lactic acid, salicylic acid, arnica montana flower extract, polygonatum officinale rhizome/root extract, hordeum vulgare extract, cupressus sempervirens seed extract, camellia sinensis (green tea) leaf extract, camellia sinensis (white tea) leaf extract, vaccinium angustifolium (blueberry) fruit extract, punica granatum (pomegranate) fruit extract, phenoxyethanol, ethylhexylglycerin. what does paraben free mean? dr. carver’s repair serum is paraben free. parabens are a group of compounds used in cosmetics as preservatives. current research suggests that there may be some possibility of later side effects when these substances come into regular contact with the skin. although the scientific evidence is not absolutely conclusive, we chose not to use these ingredients. what does clinically proven mean? the serum was tested at a 3rd party fda approved laboratory on a panel of men to show it’s effectiveness at reducing the appearance of razor bumps, burns, ingrown hairs, redness and irritation. what does dermatologist tested mean? a dermatologist reviewed and approved the skin safety of this product. was it tested on animals? never. dollar shave club is 100% cruelty-free and we do not test products on animals. is it vegan? yes, this formula is vegan. repair serum does not contain any animal or animal-derived ingredients. the lactic acid found in this formula is derived from sugar cane. is it gluten free? no is it hypoallergenic? yes can women use it? yes, of course. how do i order it? members can add repair serum to their next box from our products page. if you’re not part of the club yet, you’ll have to sign up for razor membership first. once you’re a member you can add it to your next box from the our products page. is repair serum available by subscription? not yet. but dsc members will receive an email each month just before their shipment goes out asking if they need a replacement. what makes one wipe charlies better than conventional toilet paper? users of wipes are happier with their level of clean. 89% of us wipe users are very/extremely satisfied with the cleanliness of their butt after using a wipe vs. only 58% of toilet paper users. how are they different from other wipes on the market? one wipe charlies were designed with men in mind. they have a manly scent, not feminine or for babies. plus, the naturally-derived ingredients work effectively to promote less irritation. but can women and kids use one wipe charlies? yes, they‘re safe for use as directed on women and we recommend under supervision for kids. how many come in a pack? each $4 pack contains 40 wipes. what are your wipes made of? viscose rayon, which is a biodegradable plant-based material. are your wipes flushable? yes, they are flushable in modern sewer systems but not recommended for septic systems (see next faq). we recommend only flushing one at a time. are they safe for septic systems? one wipe charlies are not septic system safe. for more information on septic system do's and don'ts, visit the following links: http://www.epa.gov/owm/septic/pubs/homeowner_guide_long.pdf http://www.nesc.wvu.edu/subpages/septic.cfm how many can i flush at once? we recommend only flushing one at a time. it‘s good practice. what makes them durable? one wipe charlies are spunlace (nonwoven) wipes that are made using hydro-entanglement. which is a fancy way of saying, we‘ve got you covered. how big are each of the wipes? do they come in different sizes? each charlie is 5" x 7". they just come in one size. do your wipes contain soap? what is the cleaning agent used in your wipes? no, they do not contain soap. oat extract is the cleansing agent. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? cucumber extract: a cooling nutrient that attracts moisture and hydrates the skin. oat extract: cleanses with calming properties. marshmallow herb: helps soothe the skin. chamomile: moisturizes and helps calm sensitive skin. vitamin e: a natural skin-conditioning agent and antioxidant. what are all the ingredients? water, polysorbate 20, cucumis sativus (cucumber) fruit extract, althaea officinalis root extract, avena sativa (oat) kernel extract, aloe barbadensis leaf extract, chamomilla recutita (matricaria) flower extract, tocopheryl acetate, phenoxyethanol, caprylyl glycol, fragrance. what if i have a sensitive bottom? aloe, marshmallow, cucumber are great soothing ingredients. and oat extract is a gentle cleaning agent. is it safe to use on other parts of my body? yes, but best to avoid your face. is there a fragrance? yes, a refreshing peppermint scent. do i have to be a member to buy one wipe charlies? yes. can i buy this product anywhere else? no, one wipe charlies are a dollar shave club product, exclusively available to our members. where are charlies made? in the great state of california. are one wipe charlies available for on-demand purchase and delivery? at the moment, charlies can only be added to your next box. how do i prevent them from dying out? is the package resealable? yes, one wipe charlies come in a re-sealable package, so reseal after each use to help prevent drying out. how do i use this product? if you really need help here, please follow the instructions on the packaging. how many should i use at a time? we recommend using one wipe at a time. are you guys crazy? yes. what are dsc credits? dsc credits are a form of dollar shave club currency that our members can use towards dsc razor subscriptions and extras. how do i earn dsc credits? refer your friends! you’ll get $5 in dsc credits for each successful referral. these dsc credits will be applied to your next order. how do dsc referrals work? to refer a friend just share your unique referral link from your referral page. when they click on your link and sign up… bam! $5 of dsc credits get added to your account. what if my friend signed up, but he forgot to use my link? contact us, we'll hook you up. what‘s an e gift card? an e gift card can be purchased to give the awesome gift of dollar shave club. once redeemed, your gift recipient will have dsc credits to create an account and start their membership. you can get started here: https://www.dollarshaveclub.com/gift/ecard/purchase 1. select an amount 2. set a date for the e gift card to be sent 3. your gift recipient will receive a customized email message from you with a unique dsc code that they can redeem on our website 4. gifting win! how much can i put on a dsc gift card? dsc gift cards can be for as little as $10, as much as $250, or any value in between. what payment methods can i use to purchase a dsc gift card? we accept all major credit cards. if you‘re already a dsc member, you can use the credit card you have on file with us when you check out. if i‘m already a member, can i use my dsc credits to purchase a dsc gift card? sorry, dsc credits can not be applied towards the purchase of a gift card. instead of a gift card, can i choose actual dsc products to give as a gift? not currently, but you can customize a message to your gift recipient to recommend dollar shave club products you think they need or would enjoy. can my gift recipient use his/her credits for any dsc products? yes. except for dsc gift cards. we don‘t believe in re-gifting dsc. what information do i need to know about my gift recipient? you will need your gift recipient's full name and email address. does my gift recipient get their dsc gift card right away? only if you want them to. otherwise you can select a date up to one year in the future letting us know when you‘d like your gift recipient to receive an email about their awesome gift. your credit card will be charged immediately. what happens after i purchase a dsc gift card? gift card purchasers will receive an email confirming order success and gift card details. will i know when my gift recipient receives their dsc gift card? yes, we‘ll send you an email on the selected delivery date. does my gift recipient have to be a member already? nope. you can give a dsc gift card to anyone. although a membership is required to redeem the gift card. does my gift recipient have to pay for anything or provide their credit card info? absolutely not. all they have to do is create an account when they redeem their gift card, so we know who they are and where to ship to. they can add a payment method when checking out only if they don‘t have enough dsc credits for their order. otherwise, they can add one at any time to avoid disruption of their subscription. what happens when my gift recipient uses up their dsc gift card? we‘ll notify them before their dsc credits are about to run out. if they love the club, they can add a payment method to their account to keep the goods coming. can my gift recipient redeem a dsc gift card for one razor, but switch razors type later? yes, easily. since your gift recipient created an account during gift card redemption, they can make any changes by logging in to their dsc account page. what if i purchased a dsc gift card, then realize i used the wrong email address for the recipient? not a problem. just contact member services and we'll get it sorted out. what if the person i want to gift doesn‘t live in the us? sorry, dsc gift cards are only redeemable by us residents. can i add more credits onto my gift recipients account if i want to extend my gift? sorry it doesn‘t work that way. you‘ll have to purchase another dsc gift card for them. do dsc gift cards expire? no, they never expire. when will you ship my order? new dsc memberships are processed immediately upon sign up, and your first shipment will leave our warehouse shortly after. shipments usually take 3-5 business days once mailed. when can i expect my recurring shipments? your recurring billing date is determined by your original sign up date. for example if you joined on the 1st, your next shipment will be billed and processed on the 1st of the following month and so on. or every other month, if you‘re on our not so hairy plan. can i pause my shipments? yes, you can pause your shipping by clicking on membership settings on your account page. you will still be able to make account changes while paused. how long can i pause for? you can pause your shipping for 1, 2, or 3 months. how do i resume? your shipping will automatically resume on your bill date after the 1, 2, or 3 month pause you have selected. you also have the option of resuming earlier. what if i run out of blades while i'm paused? you can choose resume now under membership settings and your next box will be processed right away. your bill date will move to the date you resumed. how often can i pause? you can pause and resume whenever you want. i recently moved, but i think my last shipment was shipped to my old address. what do i do? please log in to your account and make sure to update your shipping information. then contact member services and we‘ll do our best to get you what you need! can you ship bulk orders? sorry, we don‘t offer bulk orders at this time, just the subscription service. why should i buy this? the dream hair cream is loaded with amazing botanicals and extracts that will help make your hair and scalp look and feel healthier. and unlike other creams, ours is non-greasy so it won’t weigh your hair down. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? flaxseed: restores and moisturizes dry, tired, dull or damaged hair black locust: soothes, conditions, and moisturizes hair golden barley: repairs and restores manageability to hair what are all the ingredients? ingredients: water (aqua), petrolatum, c12-15 alkyl benzoate, propylene glycol, cetearyl alcohol, polysorbate 60, amp-acrylates/allyl methacrylate copolymer, sorbitan stearate, aminomethyl propanol, peg-12 dimethicone, glycerin, vitis vinifera (grape) seed extract, glycolipids, sclerotium gum, robinia pseudoacacia flower extract, hydrolyzed barley protein, linum usitatissimum (linseed) seed extract, persea gratissima (avocado) oil, ricinus communis (castor) seed oil, simmondsia chinensis (jojoba) seed oil, helianthus annuus (sunflower) seed oil, prunus amygdalus dulcis (sweet almond) oil, disodium edta, peg-40 hydrogenated castor oil, tocopherol, alcohol denat., ethylhexylglycerin, phenoxyethanol, fragrance (parfum). does it contain any of the following? parabens: nope. sulfates: nada. synthetic fragrances: yes synthetic dyes: nope. what does paraben free mean? it means that the formula doesn’t contain any parabens, which are ingredients commonly used as a preservative system in personal care products. what does sulfate free mean? sulfates are detergents that are commonly used in personal care products such as shampoos, body washes and other cleansers. they are completely safe, but can be stripping to skin and hair, cause irritation and dryness. formulating without sulfates can result in products that foam less, but are just as effective and are gentler to skin and hair. how do i use this product? how much do i use? rub a quarter sized amount into hands and work evenly through damp or dry hair to style. how long will it last? about 69 uses. how do i store it? store at room temperature and be sure to close the tube correctly to prolong shelf life. is it safe for sensitive skin? yup. the product is hypoallergenic, dermatologist tested, and considered non-irritating. is it scented? what is the fragrance? yes. it’s a proprietary fragrance that includes notes of mandarin, coconut and musk. how do i order dream hair cream? if you‘re not part of the club yet, you‘ll have to sign up for razor membership first, and then add your boogie’s product to your first shipment during the checkout process. is dream hair cream available by subscription? not yet. but dsc members will receive an email each month just before their shipment goes out asking if they need a replacement. was it tested on animals? never. is it hypoallergenic? yes. is it allergy tested? yes. boogie’s dream hair cream test results show that it is not associated with skin irritation and is non-sensitizing. is it vegan? yes, this formula does not contain any animal or animal-derived ingredients. is it gluten free? yes and no. the hydrolyzed barley protein in this formula goes through a proprietary extraction process that removes the gluten from the barley. the low levels of gluten remaining meet fda standards to make a gluten free claim. with that said, we advise that if someone has a serious gluten allergy they should consult with their physician prior to using this product. are there any animal derived ingredients? nope. is it organic? no. can women use it? yes, of course. where is it made? usa! what if my animal/child gets a hold of it? this product is for external use only. avoid getting into eyes or mouth. in case of eye or mouth contact, rinse immediately with water. if this has been ingested in high quantities, consult your physician. what happens if it gets in your eyes? or mouth? this product is for external use only. avoid getting into eyes or mouth. in case of eye or mouth contact, rinse immediately with water. why should i buy this? the smart hair paste is loaded with amazing botanicals and extracts that will help make your hair and scalp look and feel healthier. and unlike other pastes, ours won’t make your hair crunchy. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? flaxseed: restores and moisturizes dry, tired, dull or damaged hair black locust: soothes, conditions, and moisturizes hair golden barley: repairs and restores manageability to hair what are all the ingredients? ingredients: water (aqua), cetearyl alcohol, hydrogenated castor oil, bis-diglyceryl polyacyladipate-2, propanediol, ozokerite, methylheptyl isostearate, ceteareth-25, ceteareth-20, ricinus communis (castor) seed oil, carthamus tinctorius (safflower) seed oil, robinia pseudoacacia flower extract, hydrolyzed barley protein, hydrolyzed linseed seed, vitis vinifera (grape) seed extract, glycerin, persea gratissima (avocado) oil, prunus amygdalus dulcis (sweet almond) oil, beeswax (cera alba), simmondsia chinensis (jojoba) seed oil, copernicia cerifera (carnauba) wax, rosmarinus officinalis (rosemary) leaf extract, helianthus annuus (sunflower) seed oil, polyquaternium-11, glyceryl stearate, peg-100 stearate, polysorbate 60, vp/va copolymer, lauric acid, calcium stearate, disodium edta, peg-4 laurate, peg-4 dilaurate, peg-4, iodopropynyl butylcarbamate, phenoxyethanol, fragrance (parfum). does it contain any of the following? parabens: nope. sulfates: nada. synthetic fragrances: yes synthetic dyes: nope. how do i use this product? how much do i use? quarter size - 69 uses rub a quarter sized amount into hands and work evenly through damp or dry hair. finger-style to create desired definition. how long will it last? about 69 uses. how do i store it? store at room temperature and be sure to close products properly to prolong the shelf life. is it safe for sensitive skin? the product is hypoallergenic, dermatologist tested, and considered non-irritating. is it scented? what is the fragrance? yes. it’s a proprietary fragrance that includes notes of lime zest, mandarin, coconut and sandalwood. how do i order boogie's products? if you‘re not part of the club yet, you‘ll have to sign up for razor membership first, and then add your boogie’s product to your first shipment during the checkout process. are boogie's available by subscription? not yet. but dsc members will receive an email each month just before their shipment goes out asking if they need a replacement. is the product edible? no. if it is ingested in high quantities, consult your physician. what does paraben free mean? it means that the formula doesn’t contain any parabens, which are ingredients commonly used as a preservative system in personal care products. what does sulfate free mean? sulfates are detergents that are commonly used in personal care products such as shampoos, body washes and other cleansers. they are completelty safe, but can be stripping to skin and hair, cause irritation and dryness. formulating without sulfates can result in products that foam less, but are just as effective and are gentler to skin and hair. was it tested on animals? never. is it vegan? no - this product contains beeswax. are there any animal derived ingredients? yes, beeswax. is it hypoallergenic? yes. is it allergy tested? yes. boogie’s dream hair cream test results show that it is not associated with skin irritation and is non-sensitizing. what does dermatologist tested mean? a dermatologist reviewed and approved the skin safety of this product. is it gluten free? yes and no. the hydrolyzed barley protein in this formula goes through a proprietary extraction process that removes the gluten from the barley. the low levels of gluten remaining meet fda standards to make a gluten free claim. with that said, we advise that if someone has a serious gluten allergy they should consult with their physician prior to using this product. is it organic? no. can women use it? yes, of course. where is it made? usa! what if my animal/child gets a hold of it? this product is for external use only. avoid getting into eyes or mouth. in case of eye or mouth contact, rinse immediately with water. if this has been ingested in high quantities, consult your physician. what happens if it gets in your eyes? or mouth? this product is for external use only. avoid getting into eyes or mouth. in case of eye or mouth contact, rinse immediately with water. why should i buy this? the true hair fiber is loaded with amazing botanicals and extracts that will help make your hair and scalp look and feel healthier. and unlike other fibers, ours easily washes right out of your hair. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? açaí oil: helps to improve the overall health of hair irish moss: hydrates and moisturizes hair black locust: conditions and softens hair beeswax: delivers a natural, flexible hold what are all the ingredients? ingredients: water/aqua/eau, lanolin wax/lanolin cera/cire de lanoline, cetearyl alcohol, pvp, tribehenin, tridecyl stearate, propylene glycol, tridecyl trimellitate, peg-8 beeswax, ceteareth-25, macrocystis pyrifera (kelp) extract, euterpe oleracea fruit oil, chondrus crispus extract, morus nigra fruit extract, robinia pseudoacacia flower extract, linum usitatissimum (linseed) seed oil, dipentaerythrityl hexacaprylate/hexacaprate, peg-40 hydrogenated castor oil, acrylates/c10-30 alkyl acrylate crosspolymer, biotin, triethanolamine, glycerin, tetrasodium edta, iodopropynyl butylcarbamate, dmdm hydantoin, benzyl salicylate, linalool, hexyl cinnamal, limonene, benzyl benzoate, geraniol, citral, fragrance (parfum). does it contain any of the following? parabens: nope. sulfates: nada. synthetic fragrances: yes synthetic dyes: nope. alcohol: does not contain ethanol, isoporpyl alcohol or benzyl alcohol how do i use this product? how much do i use? rub a small amount evenly between palms and work into damp or dry hair. style as desired. how long will it last? about 47 uses. how do i store the product? store in a dry, cool and well-ventilated area. is it safe for sensitive skin? the product is hypoallergenic, dermatologist tested, and considered non-irritating. is it scented? what is the fragrance? yes. it’s a proprietary fragrance that includes notes of citrus, vanilla, and sandalwood. how do i order boogie's products? if you‘re not part of the club yet, you‘ll have to sign up for razor membership first, and then add your boogie’s product to your first shipment during the checkout process. are boogie's available by subscription? not yet. but dsc members will receive an email each month just before their shipment goes out asking if they need a replacement. are the products safe for color treated hair? we did not test our products specifically on color treated hair, but there is nothing stripping (i.e. sulfates) that would have an impact on color. what does paraben free mean? it means that the formula doesn’t contain any parabens, which are ingredients commonly used as a preservative system in personal care products. what does sulfate free mean? sulfates are detergents that are commonly used in personal care products such as shampoos, body washes and other cleansers. they are completely safe, but can be stripping to skin and hair, cause irritation and dryness. formulating without sulfates can result in products that foam less, but are just as effective and are gentler to skin and hair. what does dermatologist tested mean? a dermatologist reviewed and approved the skin safety of this product. is it hypoallergenic? yes. is it allergy tested? yes. boogie’s true hair fiber test results show that it is not associated with skin irritation and is non-sensitizing. is it vegan? no - this product contains beeswax. is it gluten free? yes. is it organic? no. are there any animal derived ingredients? yes, beeswax. can women use it? yes, of course. where is it made? usa! where are the ingredients sourced? ingredients are globally sourced. is it tested on animals? never. what if my animal/child gets a hold of it? this product is for external use only. avoid getting into eyes or mouth. in case of eye or mouth contact, rinse immediately with water. if this has been ingested in high quantities, consult your physician. what happens if it gets in your eyes? or mouth? this product is for external use only. avoid getting into eyes or mouth. in case of eye or mouth contact, rinse immediately with water. why should i buy this? the casual hair clay is loaded with amazing botanicals and extracts that will help make your hair and scalp look and feel healthier. and unlike other clays, ours applies evenly and smoothly without clumps. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? flaxseed: restores moisture & promotes softness açaí oil: helps to improve the overall health of hair black locust: conditions and softens hair what are all the ingredients? ingredients: water/aqua/eau, lanolin wax/lanolin cera/cire de lanoline, mineral oil/paraffinum liquidum/huile minerale, stearic acid, microcrystalline wax/cera microcristallina/cire microcristalline, propylene glycol, bentonite, peg-20 hydrogenated lanolin, steareth-21, synthetic wax, phenyl trimethicone, vinyl caprolactam/vp/dimethylaminoethyl methacrylate copolymer, alcohol denat., polyvinylcaprolactam, kaolin, macrocystis pyrifera (kelp) extract, chondrus crispus extract, euterpe oleracea fruit oil, linum usitatissimum (linseed) seed oil, morus nigra fruit extract, robinia pseudoacacia flower extract, benzophenone-4, biotin, disteareth-100 ipdi, disodium edta, glycerin, iodopropynyl butylcarbamate, dmdm hydantoin, citral, linalool, limonene, citronellol, hexyl cinnamal, fragrance/parfum, iron oxides (ci 77499, ci 77491). does it contain any of the following? parabens: nope. sulfates: nada. synthetic fragrances: yes synthetic dyes: yes - iron oxides ci77499 and ci77491 alcohol: does not contain ethanol, isoporpyl alcohol or benzyl alcohol how do i use this product? how much do i use? scoop a small amount into hands and rub palms together to emulsify product. work evenly through damp or dry hair and style as desired. styling dry hair will create a firmer hold. how long will it last? about 59 uses. how do i store the product? keep container tightly closed. store in a dry place. is it safe for sensitive skin? the product is hypoallergenic, dermatologist tested, and considered non-irritating. is it scented? what is the fragrance? yes. it’s a proprietary fragrance that includes notes of citrus, coconut, vanilla, and sandalwood. how do i order boogie's products? if you‘re not part of the club yet, you‘ll have to sign up for razor membership first, and then add your boogie’s product to your first shipment during the checkout process. are boogie's available by subscription? not yet. but dsc members will receive an email each month just before their shipment goes out asking if they need a replacement. are the products safe for color treated hair? we did not test our products specifically on color treated hair, but there is nothing stripping (i.e. sulfates) that would have an impact on color. what does paraben free mean? it means that the formula doesn’t contain any parabens, which are ingredients commonly used as a preservative system in personal care products. what does sulfate free mean? sulfates are detergents that are commonly used in personal care products such as shampoos, body washes and other cleansers. they are completely safe, but can be stripping to skin and hair, cause irritation and dryness. formulating without sulfates can result in products that foam less, but are just as effective and are gentler to skin and hair. what does dermatologist tested mean? a dermatologist reviewed and approved the skin safety of this product. is it hypoallergenic? yes. is it allergy tested? yes. boogie’s casual hair clay test results show that it is not associated with skin irritation and is non-sensitizing. is it vegan? no. is it gluten free? yes. is it organic? no. are there any animal derived ingredients? yes - lanolin. can women use it? yes, of course. where is it made? usa! what if my animal/child gets a hold of it? this product is for external use only. avoid getting into eyes or mouth. in case of eye or mouth contact, rinse immediately with water. if this has been ingested in high quantities, consult your physician. what happens if it gets in your eyes? or mouth? this product is for external use only. avoid getting into eyes or mouth. in case of eye or mouth contact, rinse immediately with water. why should i buy this? the bold hair gel is loaded with amazing botanicals and extracts that will help make your hair and scalp look and feel healthier. and unlike other gels, ours doesn’t contain alcohol, so it won’t dry out your hair. what are the notable ingredients and what do they do? sea algae: nourishes and adds shine to hair irish moss: hydrates and moisturizes hair black locust: conditions and softens hair what are all the ingredients? ingredients: water/aqua/eau, pvp, acrylates/c10-30 alkyl acrylate crosspolymer, aminomethyl propanol, macrocystis pyrifera (kelp) extract, chondrus crispus extract, linum usitatissimum (linseed) seed oil, euterpe oleracea fruit oil, morus nigra fruit extract, robinia pseudoacacia flower extract, laureth-23, glycerin, biotin, peg-4 laurate, propylene glycol, tetrasodium edta, citric acid, dmdm hydantoin, iodopropynyl butylcarbamate, linalool, citronellol, fragrance (parfum). does it contain any of the following? parabens: nope. sulfates: nada. synthetic fragrances: yes synthetic dyes: nope. alcohol: does not contain ethanol, isopropyl alcohol or benzyl alcohol. how do i use this product? how much do i use? rub a dime-sized dab into palms, work through damp hair, and style as desired. how often can i use this product? as often as desired. how long will it last? about 69 uses. is it safe for sensitive skin? the product is hypoallergenic, dermatologist tested, and considered non-irritating. is it scented? what is the fragrance? yes. it’s a proprietary fragrance that includes notes of citrus, sea salt, vanilla, and sandalwood. how do i order boogie's products? if you‘re not part of the club yet, you‘ll have to sign up for razor membership first, and then add your boogie’s product to your first shipment during the checkout process. are boogie's available by subscription? not yet. but dsc members will receive an email each month just before their shipment goes out asking if they need a replacement. are the products safe for color treated hair? we did not test our products specifically on color treated hair, but there is nothing stripping (i.e. sulfates) that would have an impact on color. how do i store the product? keep container tightly closed. store in a dry place. what does paraben free mean? it means that the formula doesn’t contain any parabens, which are ingredients commonly used as a preservative system in personal care products. what does sulfate free mean? sulfates are detergents that are commonly used in personal care products such as shampoos, body washes and other cleansers. they are completely safe, but can be stripping to skin and hair, cause irritation and dryness. formulating without sulfates can result in products that foam less, but are just as effective and are gentler to skin and hair. what does dermatologist tested mean? a dermatologist reviewed and approved the skin safety of this product. was it tested on animals? never! is it hypoallergenic? yes. is it allergy tested? yes. boogie’s bold hair gel test results show that it is not associated with skin irritation and is non-sensitizing. is it vegan? yes. is it gluten free? yes. is it organic? no. are there any animal derived ingredients? nope. can women use it? yes, of course. where is it made? usa! where are the ingredients sourced? ingredients are globally sourced. what if my animal/child gets a hold of it? this product is for external use only. avoid getting into eyes or mouth. in case of eye or mouth contact, rinse immediately with water. if this has been ingested in high quantities, consult your physician. what happens if it gets in your eyes? or mouth? this product is for external use only. avoid getting into eyes or mouth. in case of eye or mouth contact, rinse immediately with water. what is a ship now order? ship now allows you to receive products before your next box. how do i create a ship now order? it’s as easy as 1,2,3… 4 step 1: add a product step 2: select “ship now” step 3: checkout step 4: place order is there an extra shipping fee? yes, there’s a $4 shipping fee for orders under $15. if your order is over $15 then shipping is free! when will my ship now order be delivered? 3-5 business days once ordered. how do ship now orders ship? usps. if i order blades on-demand, will i still be charged for my next box? yes. ship now orders are an added convenience for our members but otherwise do not affect your monthly box. can i make ship now purchases if i’m not a member? nope. can i make on-demand purchases if my account is paused? yup. how do i track my on-demand order? once your order is shipped, we’ll send you an email that will include tracking information. why can’t i place an on-demand order? is your next box three days away? if yes, we’ll add the products to your upcoming box. can i send an on-demand order to a different address? sure! simply change your shipping information while placing the order. just remember this will now be your default address for all future boxes. can i pay for an on-demand order with a different card? sure! simply change your billing information while placing the order. just remember this will now be your default billing for all future boxes. can i leave more than one review per product? nope, only one review per product please. how long will it take me to write a review? it’s up to you, you can be as detailed or as short and sweet as you want! we have a lot of optional questions in there. i didn’t like the product, can i still post a review? sure! all reviews are welcome, just ensure they follow our guidelines. how long will it take for my review to appear on the site? up to 72 hours, provided it meets our guidelines. can i edit my review? once you click submit, the review is final. can i delete my review? if you need your review deleted you can contact us. i don’t see my review online... to make sure your review gets approved, please do not leave reviews containing the following: references to other companies, websites or products (while we love hearing how we stack up against the competition, we cannot approve positive or negative reviews that directly reference other companies, websites or products). inappropriate or profane language (we know our blades are f**king great, but please don't spell it out!) personally identifiable information. information unrelated to the product being reviewed. who can see my review(s)? if you agree to the terms and conditions, anyone visiting the site can see your review. will anyone be able to view my personal information (name, email address)? only your first name will be displayed on the site. no other personal information will be displayed on the site. i bought someone a gift card but they never received it... oh no! ask them to check their spam folder, if they can’t find it there contact us and we’ll fix the problem. how can i redeem my gift card? sweet!1. click on 'menu'2. click on 'redeem gift card' what happens when i use up my dsc credits / gift card? we‘ll notify you before your dsc credits are about to run out. if you love the club, you can add a payment method to your account to keep the goods coming. i didn’t get my gift card, what should i do? oh no! check your spam folder, if you can’t find the email, contact us and we’ll help you out. do i need to choose a razor subscription to redeem the gift card? yup, you do. i am having trouble redeeming my gift card, what should i do? contact us i was given a gift card for dsc, but don’t want it… contact us and we’ll sort it out for you. i got a gift card, do i need to provide you with my credit card information? as long as you have enough dsc credits to cover the cost of your first box, you can opt out of adding a payment method. what’s gifting a membership? gifting a membership means instant gratification. your gift recipient will receive a box in 5 - 7 business days. you could also have the first box shipped to yourself, and give them on a day you prefer. i just ordered a gift membership, what happens now? awesome! here’s what happens next: 1. you’ll receive a confirmation email from us. 2. the gift will be shipped to the address you choose and should arrive within 5 - 7 business days. 3. a welcome email will be sent to the gift recipient the day they receive the gift. or, if you’re getting the first box sent to yourself, you can choose when this email message goes out to the recipient. if i choose the first box to be shipped to me, will i receive all the boxes? nope! only the first box will be shipped to your address. the following boxes will be shipped to your gift recipient's address. what’s this welcome email? the welcome email, is a message from us to the gift recipient. it’s basically telling them how awesome you are for gifting them the dsc experience and what they can do in the club. i just ordered a gift, when will it arrive? 5 - 7 business days. what information do i need to know about my gift recipient? name, email address and shipping address. will the welcome email message be in the box? nope, the message will be emailed to the recipient when they receive their first box. what will be sent each month in the box? the first box will contain the blades, the handle and the extras. the following box(es) will contain the blades only unless the recipient adds extras. will the gift recipient be able to see my card information? nope, that’s private. i’m not sure if the recipient is already a member of the club… before you purchase the gift, our system will cross check their email address to see if they’re already a member. will my card be charged each month? nope, your gift purchase is a one-time charge. will i be charged if the recipient makes additional purchases? nope, it’ll be deducted from their dsc credits. why can’t i gift the humble twin? if the gift is for a humble man, we suggest you buy him a dsc e-gift card. i received my welcome email, what do i have to claim? all you have to claim is your dsc account - no hidden costs or fees attached! claiming the account helps you explore all of dsc’s products and features. what do i need to claim my account? your first name, last name and zip code. easy! i just claimed my box, do i need to enter my payment information? adding your payment information is optional. we recommend that you add it for uninterrupted shaving awesomeness. i just received a gift, do i need to claim it? we recommend you claim your account. by claiming the account you can: make additions to your box change your blade edit your delivery frequency edit your personal information i can’t claim my box / wrong email address. contact us with your shipping address and we’ll help you out. i just received my welcome email but not my box… oops! contact us and we’ll help you out. can i change what i get in my box each month? sure! just claim your account and make any changes you want. i just received a gift membership but i’m already a member… good for you! contact us and we’ll help you sort this out. this question was not found please see our list of frequently asked questions to the left. questions not answered here? contact us shave style fresh faq contact us club reviews press bathroom minutes careers privacy terms sitemap location united states australia canada location united states australia canada facebook twitter google + youtube pinterest instagram © 2012-2015 dollar shave club. all rights reserved. chairman's seal bbb accredited business