来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101229021619/https://www.jackthreads.com/faq
================================================================================

faq follow us welcome log in or create an account back to home page frequently asked questions general what is jackthreads? jackthreads is a members-only online shopping community that offers private, limited-time sale events with the best brands in the surf, skate, streetwear, and contemporary fashion categories. each day at 12pm est, we send an email to our members offering a completely unique assortment of apparel, sneakers, and accessories at up to 80% off retail prices. jackthreads is free to join and everyone is welcome. how does jackthreads offer such low prices? jackthreads hustles hard to partner with top streetwear and contemporary brands to offer our members access to the highest-quality, 100% authentic gear at incredible prices. we want you to look good without breaking the bank. you get an extra $10 when you invite your friends and they make purchases why should i shop with jackthreads top brands: we work tirelessly to get you access to the brands that matter to you. prices: every sale features merchandise at 50-80% off the regular retail price. fun: every sale runs for a limited time and is a fun opportunity to discover new and exciting brands. easy: we scour the planet for the best merchandise and ship it directly to your doorstep. it doesn't get much easier than that social: share jackthreads with your friends and get $10 added to your account when they make a purchase. what brands does jackthreads offer? we carry all of your favorite street, skate, surf,and contemporary brands including 10.deep, the hundreds, members only, crooks & castles, wesc, life after denim, new era fitteds, gourmet, alife, and g-shock just to name a few. how can i become a member? it's easy and free. enter your name, email address, and a password on our homepage and you're ready to start shopping. shipping when will my order ship? to check the status of your order, go to the your account section of the site and click on 'view order details.' here you will find an estimated delivery date as well as a copy of your invoice. estimated shipping dates are also included in your order confirmation email. how can i determine when an item will ship before i order it? an estimated delivery date will appear under the 'add to cart' button on the product page. why do some of my jackthreads orders take so long to arrive? most 'in-stock' orders are delivered within 5-7 days from when you place your order. in order to offer the deep discounts that we do, many of our sales are run as "pre-sales" where the brand doesn't ship us the physical stock until after the sale has ended, and we've placed a custom order. in this case, we must wait for the product to arrive at our warehouse before we then ship it to you, extending ship times by a week or two. trust us, the combination of premium quality gear and steep savings will be well worth the wait. how can i tell if a sale is an "in-stock" sale or a "pre-sale"? estimated delivery dates for both 'in-stock' and 'pre-sales' are clearly indicated under the 'add to cart' button on the product page. 'pre-sale' estimated delivery time is 2-4 weeks from when your order is placed. 'in-stock' sale estimated delivery time is 7 days from when your order is placed. how do i cancel my order? go to the contact us page and use the comments box to send us your cancellation request. please include your order number and specific details about the item(s) you want to remove from your order. we will notify you of the status of your cancellation within 1-2 business days. please note: orders that have already been sent to our warehouse for packing and shipping cannot be canceled, added to, or modified. if you'd like to cancel your order please do so asap. how do i add an item to my order or combine my orders? currently, you need to make an additional purchase for the item you'd like to add and send us a note in the comments box on the contact us page explaining what two order numbers you want us to combine. make sure to include both order numbers and we will do everything we can to combine the two orders for you. we will notify you of the status of your cancellation/modification within 1-2 business days. please note: orders that have already been sent to our warehouse for packing and shipping cannot be cancelled, added to, or modified. if you'd like to cancel, add to, or modify your order please do so asap. no orders can be modified once a sale event ends. how do i check my order status? your order history can be accessed via your account page. here you'll see the most recent status of your pending orders along with other order details. if your order has shipped, clicking 'view order details' will allow you to see the associated tracking number. will you give me a tracking number? of course! when your order ships out you'll get an automatic e-mail with a tracking number. the tracking number will also be viewable in the 'order details' of any order in your history (see your account page) what is a "short-shipment" and why is my order affected? a 'short-shipment' occurs when a brand ships us fewer items than we initially agreed upon after the sale event is complete. members with affected orders will be notified by email typically 10-12 days after a sale event is complete. those members will receive a full refund for the short-shipped item as well as a jackthreads credit of $10. we impose strict 'short-shipment' guidelines on our brands and penalize them in an effort to eliminate this problem. can jackthreads ship to po boxes or apo/fpo address? yes. for po boxes, you must select usps as your shipping option. do you ship internationally? currently, we ship to canada, via ups standard or ups worldwide express. we do plan on opening our sales up to more countries in the future, so stay tuned! for canadian shipments, please note that a flat $10 brokerage fee will be assessed by ups on all ups standard shipments valued under $200, in addition to any applicable taxes and duties. the ups worldwide services cost includes the brokerage fee. there are no brokerage fees for packages valued under $20, but taxes and duties may still apply. any applicable brokerage fees plus taxes and duties will be collected at the time of delivery by ups. sale events how does a jackthreads sale work? every day at 12pm est, a new sale full of sick merchandise chosen by our team of expert buyers goes up. sales typically last for 72 hours and once it's over, it's over. you can access the sales by opening your daily jackthreads email or hustling to the site at 12pm est sharp so you don't miss out. once an item is sold, it is sold out. how are the products chosen for each sale? products are hand selected by our team of expert buyers who constantly work with our brands to figure out what's hot and what's not. we do all of the work so you'll always look your best. don't see what you want? contact us and we'll try to get it up on the site. how often are the sales held? we host brand new sales every day 12pm (noon) est. how long does each sale last? typically sales last 72 hours. when it's over, it's over and gone for good. (although we often bring our most popular brands back for future sales) why do i get the sale event email after 12pm (noon) est? we send our daily emails out every day at noon est, but there are times when you might receive it a little later depending on the type of email account you have. we're working on speeding this up but in the meantime, make sure to get to the site at 12pm sharp so you don't miss out. we send out twitter and facebook alerts, and also have an rss feed. what happens after the sale is over? our limited-time only sales typically last 72 hours. once the sale is over, you won't be able to purchase that merchandise anymore so if you see something you dig, make moves and don't sleep! can i buy items that currently aren't up for sale that i saw in the past? unfortunately no, we run limited-time only sales and are only able to offer products that are currently included in each sale event. what is a "final sale"? "final sales" include items that are offered at an even deeper than usual discount. because of this special offer, returns are not accepted on "final sales" items. how do i know if an item i bought is part of a "final sale?" an icon will be clearly displayed on the product page. "final sale" will also be indicated on your order details number which can be found in the your account section. what does "slim fit item" mean? these items are typically slimmer fitting so we recommend that you move up a size. meaning that if you usually wear a size medium you should probably order a size large unless you really want a snug fit. payment information how do i pay for my jackthreads purchase? we currently accept credit card payment from visa, master card, american express, and discover. simply enter your payment information in step 1 of our checkout process. can i use paypal? we currently do not accept paypal payments, because it does not work smoothly with our flash-sale ordering system. if you are interested in using paypal check out the following link for information about the paypal debit card. it draws from your paypal account and you can use it like a credit card wherever mastercard is accepted. (like on jackthreads!) is it safe to use my credit card on jackthreads? yes, definitely. we take security very seriously and have put in place measures to protect from the loss, misuse and alteration of any information under our control. all orders are transmitted over secure internet connections using ssl (secure sockets layer) encryption technology. is it safe to use my debit card on jackthreads? yes, definitely. we take security very seriously and have put in place measures to protect from the loss, misuse and alteration of any information under our control. all orders are transmitted over secure internet connections using ssl (secure sockets layer) encryption technology. when do i get charged for my purchase? you will be charged after you complete checkout, and your transaction has processed. do jackthreads charge sales tax? jackthreads currently only charges sales tax to members who reside in ohio and new york. it's required by law that we charge sales tax in states where we have a physical presence. do you accept international credit cards? we currently only accept us and canadian forms of payment. credits what types of credit does jackthreads offer? jackthreads offers a variety of credits to our members. the simplest way to earn $10 of jackthreads credit is to invite your friends to join the fun. once they make their first purchase you'll automatically be notified and credited $10 in your account. how do i invite friends? to offer invitations click here or click on the 'invite friends, earn $10' button at the top right corner of any page on the site to learn more. how do i earn $10 referral credit? every time you invite one of your friends to our site you get a $10 referral credit once they make their first purchase. to offer invitations click here or click on the 'invite friends, earn $' button at the top right corner of any page on the site to learn more. is there a limit to the number of credits i can earn? no, the amount of credits you can earn is unlimited. you can use facebook, twitter, myspace, your personal blog site or forum posts and signatures (or any other way you can dream up) to spread your unique personal invite link that sends people directly to our site to earn you $10. do my jackthreads credits expire? credits for returned merchandise do not expire. referral credits expire one year from date of issue. other jackthreads credits typically expire in 30 to 60 days. expiration dates will be clearly indicated to you when a credit is received. how do i use my jackthreads store credit? any credit on your account will automatically be applied to your order when you reach the checkout page. currently, credit cannot be applied to shipping charges. currently, we cannot split credits between separate orders. all credit will be applied towards your current order. if you have a credit balance remaining after your purchase it will remain in your account and be used with your next purchase returns what is the jackthreads return policy? jackthreads accepts returns on merchandise within 30 days after the order has shipped for store credit only. these items must not have been worn, altered, washed or damaged. please return items with their original packaging including all tags/labels attached. returns of electronic items will only be accepted if the item has not been opened or worn and returned will all original packaging. we ask customers to inspect their purchase to make sure the item is not damaged/defective or incorrectly shipped. if you receive a damaged/defective or incorrectly shipped product you must notify us via the contact us page within 7 days of receipt or your return will not be accepted. footwear returns must include the original shoe box in its original condition and without postal labels. we cannot accept returns if this box is damaged or omitted. final sale items cannot be returned how do i make a return? an rma number is required to make a return. to view a list of items eligible for return, and to obtain an rma number, visit http://www.jackthreads.com/returns. i have an rma #, but i don't see it anymore and want to print it; what do i do? you can always reprint your rma return slip. go to the 'your account' section, and then to your "return history." then view your return, and you'll be able to print your rma# from there. does jackthreads pay for return shipping? currently jackthreads doesn't pay for return shipping, except in the case of damaged or incorrectly shipped items. shipping and handling charges are non-refundable. why is my item not appearing for return on my account page? orders in the return process will not appear until they have shipped. one or more of your items may have been purchased during a final sale for which returns are not accepted. if this is the case you will be able to see this on your invoice which can be found on the 'your account' section of the website. items can only be returned within 30 days after they shipped. the item you may want to return could be outside the 30 day return period. how long does it take to see my return credit in my account? once your package has been received by jackthreads, your refund will be processed in the form of a credit within 5-7 business days. you will be notified via email when this credit has been added to the address provided during the transaction. for any additional questions/problems/or comments please contact us via our contact us page. please note: we can't apply store credit to your account until the return has been processed by our warehouse. does jackthreads offer exchanges? because our sales run for limited times of only 48-72 hours, we are unable to offer exchanges. if you are not satisfied with any of your items then you may return them for credit as long as it meets our return guidelines. contact how do i contact you? connect with us at any time, for any reason: questions about a product? site not performing properly? want to suggest new brands that you'd like to see available for sale? whatever your question may be, we're here with an answer, usually within 1 business day but often much sooner. let us know how we can improve your membership experience. if you have a question about an order, please make sure to include your order number. http://www.jackthreads.com/account/contact shopping cart item description qty price total you saved in this order. total original retail price was . subtotal discount shipping taxes order total return policy | privacy policy home about jack faq return policy privacy policy terms of use gift cards contact us copyright © 2009-2010 jackthreads.com - all rights reserved.