来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121225155905/https://www.jackthreads.com/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - faq - jackthreads close close thrillist the crosby press jackthreads follow @jackthreads admin site ~ c hey you(log out) account (balance: ) login or sign up help cart ▼ your cart is empty. go get some threads. jackthreads time remaining () invite friends today's sales just launched cold weather wear ft. 1717 olive form + function: fine watches new chukkas & more by ipath new superga sneakers profound aesthetic accessories +more super soft textured tees & henleys the trend: wood accessories vampire life graphic tees current sales all new andrew marc: chukkas & more best dressed shirts & ties best selling jackets classic watches deck your tech: protective cases dedicated: graphic tees & tech cases designer shades: tom ford & more dress to impress: holiday style dressed up looks ft. edge by wd.ny fan zone: team hats & tees fancy wristwear ft. akribos goodale collection hillsboro footwear john varvatos travel gear & more keep footwear from $24.99 maker & co. maker & co. members only: puffy + iconic jackets new patterned boots by sebago new supra sneakers & more new year style ft. sovereign code new: jd fisk detailed boots & shoes premium shoes, boots & socks s. slater by golden bear sock stash: unsimply stitched stock up on best basics & brights stylized watches ft. swistar tailored styles by john varvatos the trend: fleece & terry separates ties & cufflinks today's top sellers watches under $50 ending soon all new andrew marc: chukkas & more day-after deals: jackets from $19.99 day-after deals: knits+ts from $6.99 day-after deals: pants from $14.99 day-after deals: wovens from $14.99 day-after: accessories from $4.99 gift yourself: premium watches holiday hangover: man cave retreat step into 2013: shoes from $19.99 step into 2013: sneakers from $14.99 sweaters & sweatshirts from $13.99 seasonal shops apparel shoes accessories tailored thecrosby cart ▼ your cart is empty. go get some threads. back to home page frequently asked questions contact us general what is jackthreads? how does jackthreads offer such low prices? why should i shop with jackthreads what brands does jackthreads offer? how can i become a member? does jackthreads carry women’s clothing? most frequently asked when will my order ship? why do some of my jackthreads orders take so long to arrive? will you give me a tracking number? can i change the shipping address for one of my orders? how do i cancel my order? will you accept my return late if it's delayed by weather-related issues? can i get a coupon code? can i get free shipping? managing your account how do i change my password? i forgot my password. what do i do? how do i change my stored billing address? how do i change my stored shipping address? can i store multiple shipping addresses in my account? how do i update my payment information? how do i unsubscribe from daily sales emails? shipping when will my order ship? how will my order ship and how much will i be charged? what shipping services do you offer and what is the transit time? will you give me a tracking number? how can i determine when an item will ship before i order it? why do some of my jackthreads orders take so long to arrive? how can i tell if a sale is an "in-stock" sale or a "pre-sale"? what is a "short-shipment" and how is my order affected? can jackthreads ship to po boxes or apo/fpo address? do you ship internationally? how much does canadian shipping cost? can i change the shipping address for one of my orders? what is an undeliverable package? why was my package shipped via ups then routed to the u.s. postal service? the shipper’s tracking page indicates that my package was delivered, but i don't have my order. what should i do? changing your order how do i cancel my order? how do i add an item to my order or combine my orders? how do i check my order status? what is a "short-shipment" and why is my order affected? sale events how does a jackthreads sale work? how are the products chosen for each sale? how often are the sales held? how long does each sale last? why do i get the sale event email after 12pm (noon) est? what happens after the sale is over? can i buy items that are not currently up for sale that i’ve seen in the past? what is a "final sale"? how do i know if an item i bought is part of a "final sale?" what does "slim fit item" mean? payment information how do i pay for my jackthreads purchase? can i use paypal? is it safe to use my credit card or debit card on jackthreads? why was my credit card charged after i entered it into my account? when do i get charged for my purchase? why was my credit card declined? does jackthreads charge sales tax? do you accept international credit cards? credits what types of store credit does jackthreads offer? how do i invite friends? how do i earn $10 referral credit? is there a limit to the number of credits i can earn? do my jackthreads credits expire? how do i use my jackthreads store credit? returns what is the jackthreads return policy? how do i make a return? how do i know the status of my return? i have an rma #, but i haven't sent the item back yet. what do i do? does jackthreads pay for return shipping? does jackthreads pay for return shipping from canada? why is my item not appearing for return on my account page? how long does it take to see my return credit in my account? does jackthreads offer exchanges? contact how do i contact you? do you have a phone number? general what is jackthreads? jackthreads is a members-only online shopping community that offers private, limited-time sale events with the best brands in surf, skate, streetwear, and contemporary fashion. each day at 12pm est, we post 3-4 new sales offering a completely unique assortment of apparel, sneakers, and accessories at up to 80% off retail prices. we can only offer these low prices for a limited time, so sales usually run for 48-72 hours. jackthreads is free to join and everyone is welcome. all you have to do is sign up! how does jackthreads offer such low prices? jackthreads hustles hard to partner  with top streetwear and contemporary brands to offer our members exclusive access to high-quality, 100% authentic gear at incredible prices.  we want you to look good without breaking the bank. you even get an extra $10 credit when you invite your friends and they make their first purchase. why should i shop with jackthreads top brands: we work tirelessly to get you exclusive access to the brands that matter to you. prices: we offer merchandise at 50-80% off the regular retail price. style: every sale is a limited time opportunity to discover new and exciting brands as you continue to develop your own look. we’ll even post style guides occasionally, so you can get advice from our experts. easy: we scour the planet for the best merchandise and ship it directly to your doorstep. it doesn't get much easier than that. social: share jackthreads with your friends and get $10 added to your account when they make their first purchase. you can also share products, sales, or the entire site. what brands does jackthreads offer? we carry all of your favorite street, skate, surf,and contemporary brands including 10.deep, the hundreds, members only, crooks & castles, wesc, mishka,  dumb, life after denim, new era fitteds, gourmet, alife, and g-shock to name a few. how can i become a member? it's easy and free. enter your name, email address, and a password on our homepage and you're ready to start shopping. if you’re already a member with our partner site, thrillist, then you’ve found another way to be even more awesome than you already are. you can enter the same email address and password to request an invite. **please note: make sure you keep an eye on your email, we'll send you a confirmation message once your account has been approved. this process can take up to two hours. does jackthreads carry women’s clothing? we don’t carry any lines specifically for the ladies, but that doesn’t stop our female members from doing plenty of shopping. while some are placing orders for their guys plenty are shopping for themselves, ordering a size down in our apparel or picking up some unisex accessories and shoes. top most frequently asked when will my order ship? you are eager to get your threads and become even more good looking. understandable. to check the status of your order, go to your account and click on 'view order details' under the order number. here you will find an estimated delivery date, as well as a copy of your invoice. once your order is listed as in packaging, it should ship within 1-3 business days. when your order ships, we’ll send a confirmation email that includes your tracking information. this tracking number will also be available in your account, so you can follow your order’s progress all the way to your doorstep. why do some of my jackthreads orders take so long to arrive? most 'in-stock' orders are delivered within 5-8 business days from when you place your order. in order to offer the deep discounts that we do, many of our sales are run as "pre-sales" where the brand doesn't ship us the physical stock until after the sale has ended, and we've placed a custom order with them. once the product arrives at our warehouse, which usually takes a week or two, we'll ship your order to you. trust us, the combination of premium quality gear and steep savings will be well worth the wait. will you give me a tracking number? of course! when your order ships out you'll get an automatic e-mail with a tracking number. the tracking number will also be viewable in the 'order details' of any order in your history (see your account page). we’ll provide the tracking number as soon as your order ships, but it sometimes takes the number 24-48 hours to go live within the shipper’s system. can i change the shipping address for one of my orders? as long as your order has not been sent to our shipping and packing department at our warehouse, you can change the shipping address for your order in your account. click on the link next to your order to change your shipping address. if a link to change your shipping address does not appear, your order has either already shipped or has been sent to shipping and packing at our warehouse. we’d also like to add a healthy reminder to be absolutely sure that your shipping address is entered correctly. in order to feature so many different products and brands, our warehouse is designed to move very quickly. once your order is being packaged, we no longer have time to change the shipping address. we also don’t have the ability to reship orders that are returned to sender. stay on top of your game and make sure that your shipping information is 100% accurate, and there will be nothing to worry about. how do i cancel my order? go to the contact us page and use the comments box to send us your cancellation request. please include your order number and specific details about the item(s) you want to remove from your order. we will notify you of the status of your cancellation within 1-2 business days. **please note: orders that have already been sent to our warehouse for packing and shipping cannot be canceled, added to, or modified. our warehouse works fast, so we may not always be able to cancel orders for items that are already in stock will you accept my return late if it's delayed by weather-related issues? absolutely! as long as your return was postmarked before the 21 day deadline, our warehouse will process your return normally once it arrives. if you're having trouble returning an item, please contact our customer service team and they'll be happy to help you out! can i get a coupon code? the best way to catch the latest jackthreads codes and promotions is by following us on twitter or facebook, where we'll drop limited access to exclusive codes that get you extra savings. if you see a coupon code, jump on it! they run out even faster than the gear. can i get free shipping? while we don’t offer free shipping every day of the year, we frequently throw free shipping promotions for limited periods of time. right, now any domestic orders over $75 (excluding discounts, shipping and tax) qualify for free saver shipping. in the past we’ve had free shipping fridays and free shipping for orders over a certain amount. they best way to stay informed about these promotions is to subscribe to our daily sales emails and follow us on social media. top managing your account how do i change my password? you can change your password by logging in to your jackthreads account and clicking here. i forgot my password. what do i do? if you forgot your password, click the “forgot password” button on the login page. a new password will then be emailed to your registered email address within 24 hours. how do i change my stored billing address? to change your stored billing address, or to add a new credit card, please log in to your jackthreads account and click here. how do i change my stored shipping address? to change or add to your stored shipping address(es), please log in to your jackthreads account and click here. can i store multiple shipping addresses in my account? yes, you can store multiple shipping addresses in your account. please log in to your jackthreads account and click here to add a new address to your account. **please note: your “primary” address will always be you default shipping address, unless you choose another one at checkout. how do i update my payment information? to add, delete, or update an existing credit card, please log in to your jackthreads account and click here. how do i unsubscribe from daily sales emails? to unsubscribe from daily sales emails, please click here and enter your email address in the box before clicking the unsubscribe button. **please note: unsubscribing will not deactivate your account. if you'd like to deactivate your account, please contact customer service. top shipping when will my order ship? you are eager to get your threads and become even more good looking. understandable. to check the status of your order, go to your account and click on 'view order details' under the order number. here you will find an estimated delivery date, as well as a copy of your invoice. when your order ships, we’ll send a confirmation email that includes your tracking information. this tracking number will also be available in your account, so you can follow your order’s progress all the way to your doorstep. how will my order ship and how much will i be charged? all orders are delivered via ups or usps. shipping prices will vary depending on shipping service selected, the weight of the shipment, and your shipping address.  if you are not able to receive mail from usps at your location, please make sure to choose standard shipping to ensure the package is delivered by ups. any orders shipped to apo/fpo, po box, alaska, hawaii, guam or puerto rico, will be sent via usps. orders to canada will ship via ups. you can check the status of any order by visiting the order history section of your account. an email notification with tracking information will be sent to you when your package has shipped. what shipping services do you offer and what is the transit time? shipping services estimated delivery date saver shipping (usps) 3 to 8 business days after shipping* standard shipping (ups ground) 2 to 5 business days after shipping* ups 2nd day shipping 2 business days after ordering ups next day shipping 1 business day after ordering *our warehouse ships all orders from brooklyn, new york. orders with saver and standard shipping will leave the warehouse after 1-2 business days. your delivery transit time will vary depending on your shipment destination and its distance to our warehouse. if your package is being delivered to a rural area or far from brooklyn, you can expect your order to arrive towards the end of the delivery date range once it is shipped. will you give me a tracking number? of course! when your order ships out you'll get an automatic e-mail with a tracking number. the tracking number will also be viewable in the 'order details' of any order in your history, just go to your account. we’ll provide the tracking number as soon as your order ships, but it sometimes takes 24-48 hours to go live within the shipper’s system. how can i determine when an item will ship before i order it? an estimated delivery date will appear above the 'add to cart' button on the product page. we will also provide you with an estimated delivery range for your entire order once you select a shipping method. if you order items with different estimated delivery dates, you will receive them all together by the latest date. why do some of my jackthreads orders take so long to arrive? most 'in-stock' orders are delivered within 5-8 business days. in order to offer the deep discounts that we do, many of our sales are run as ‘pre-sales’ where the brand doesn't ship us the physical stock until after the sale has ended, and we've placed a custom order with them. once the product arrives at our warehouse, which usually takes a week or two, we'll ship your order to you. trust us, the combination of premium quality gear and steep savings will be well worth the wait. how can i tell if a sale is an "in-stock" sale or a "pre-sale"? estimated delivery dates for both 'in-stock' and 'pre-sales' are clearly indicated above the 'add to cart' button on the product page. *'pre-sale' estimated delivery time is 3 to 4 weeks from when your order is placed. *'in-stock' sale estimated delivery time is 5 to 11 business days from when your order is placed. *both delivery time frames can be extended or shorten based on shipping service selected and delivery destination. what is a "short-shipment" and how is my order affected? a 'short-shipment' occurs when a brand ships us fewer items than we initially agreed upon after the sale event is complete. members with affected orders will be notified by email typically 10-12 days after a sale event is complete. those members will receive a full refund for the short-shipped item as well as a jackthreads coupon towards a future order. we impose strict 'short-shipment' guidelines on our brands and penalize them in an effort to eliminate this problem. can jackthreads ship to po boxes or apo/fpo address? yes. jackthreads will use usps to ship to these destinations. do you ship internationally? currently, we ship to canada, via ups standard or ups worldwide express. we do plan on opening our sales up to more countries in the future, and we know there's lots of interest from our friends in the uk, germany, other european countries, and down in australia. how much does canadian shipping cost? canadian shipping costs vary, depending on where the order is being shipped. to determine the shipping cost, simply add an item to your cart and proceed to the checkout page. upon entering your shipping address, the calculated shipping rate will be displayed. for ups standard shipping into canada, please note that a $10 brokerage fee will be assessed by ups on all ups standard shipments valued under $200 cad, in addition to any applicable taxes and duties. any shipments valued over $200 cad will also be subject to current ups brokerage fees. there are no brokerage fees for packages valued under $20, but taxes and duties may still apply. any applicable brokerage fees plus taxes and duties will be collected at the time of delivery by ups. the ups worldwide shipping service cost already includes the brokerage fee, but taxes and duties may still apply and will be collected at the time of delivery by ups. for more information on brokerage rates and fees, please refer to the ups canada customs brokerage rate guide by clicking here. can i change the shipping address for one of my orders? as long as your order has not been sent to our shipping and packing department at our warehouse, you can change the shipping address for your order in your account. click on the link next to your order to change your shipping address. if a link to change your shipping address does not appear, your order has either already shipped or has been sent to shipping and packing at our warehouse. we’d also like to add a friendly reminder to be absolutely sure that your shipping address is entered correctly. in order to feature so many different products and brands, our warehouse is designed to move very quickly. once your order is being packaged, we no longer have time to change the shipping address. we also don’t have the ability to reship orders that are returned to sender. stay on top of your game and make sure that your shipping information is 100% accurate, and there will be nothing to worry about. what is an undeliverable package? occasionally packages are returned back to our warehouse because the shipper has determined the package is undeliverable. when the carrier returns an undeliverable package to us, we automatically restock the items and issue a full refund (including shipping) back to the original form(s) of payment. **please note: if your package was returned to our warehouse as undeliverable, we will not be able to re-ship your package and you will have to place a new order. tips to avoid having your package returned to sender: 1.) make sure your address is correct before you complete your purchase. 2.) enter information in the appropriate fields. -address 1 (street address, p.o. box, company name, c / o) -address 2 (apartment, suite, unit, building, floor, etc.) 3.) make sure your saved addresses are correct entered into your address book. also make sure you’ve selected the proper “primary" address. why was my package shipped via ups then routed to the u.s. postal service? jackthreads uses a partnership formed by ups and the usps to pass on lower shipping costs to you. this shipping partnership uses the strengths of both shippers to deliver your order quickly and at a great price. the final delivery of  your package will be handled by your local post office. the shipper’s tracking page indicates that my package was delivered, but i don't have my order. what should i do? on occasion, the shipper may update your delivery status a day early in anticipation of its final delivery.  if you have not received a notice, or your package was not delivered the following business day, please check with members of your household, neighbors, apartment/office managers first to see if someone accepted the package for you. if you are still unable to locate your package, please feel free to contact the jackthreads customer service team at 1.800.636.jack. top changing your order how do i cancel my order? go to the contact us page and use the comments box to send us your cancellation request. please include your order number and specific details about the item(s) you want to remove from your order. we will notify you of the status of your cancellation within 1-2 business days. **please note: orders that have already been sent to our warehouse for packing and shipping cannot be canceled, added to, or modified. our warehouse works fast, so we may not always be able to cancel orders for items that are already in stock. how do i add an item to my order or combine my orders? we can combine orders to help you save on shipping costs, as long as both orders were placed on the same day and neither order is already in shipping and packing. you'll need to make an additional purchase for the item you'd like to add and send us a note in the comments box on the contact us page explaining what two order numbers you want us to combine. make sure to include both order numbers and we will do everything we can to combine the two orders for you. we will notify you of the status of your cancellation/modification within 1-2 business days. **please note: orders that have already been sent to our warehouse for packing and shipping cannot be canceled, added to, or modified. our warehouse works fast, so we may not always be able to cancel, combine, or modify orders for items that are already in stock. how do i check my order status? your order history can be accessed via your account page. here you'll see the most recent status of your pending orders along with other order details. if your order has shipped, clicking 'view order details' will allow you to see the associated tracking number. what is a "short-shipment" and why is my order affected? a 'short-shipment' occurs when a brand ships us fewer items than we initially agreed upon after the sale event is complete. members with affected orders will be notified by email typically 10-12 days after a sale event is complete. those members will receive a full refund for the short-shipped item as well as a jackthreads credit of $10. we impose strict 'short-shipment' guidelines on our brands and penalize them in an effort to eliminate this problem. top sale events how does a jackthreads sale work? every day at 12 p.m. est, new sales full of sick merchandise chosen by our team of expert buyers go up. a typical sale lasts for 72 hours and once it's over, it's over. you can access the sales by opening your daily jackthreads email or hustling to the site at 12pm est sharp so you don't miss out. our exclusive arrangements with these brands allow us to sell their gear for a limited time only, so we aren’t able to order more merch once a sale closes or an item sells out. how are the products chosen for each sale? products are hand selected by our team of expert buyers who constantly work with our brands to figure out what's hot and what's not. we do all of the work so you'll always look your best. don't see what you want? contact us and we'll try to get it up on the site. how often are the sales held? we host brand new sales every day 12 p.m. (noon) est. how long does each sale last? a typical sale lasts 72 hours. when it's over, it's over, although we often bring our most popular brands back for future sales. you can always see how much longer a sale is scheduled to last at the top of the sale page. why do i get the sale event email after 12pm (noon) est? we send our daily emails out every day at noon est, but there are times when you might receive it a little later depending on the type of email account you have. we're working on speeding this up but in the meantime, make sure to get to the site at 12pm sharp so you don't miss out. we send out twitter and facebook alerts, and also have an rss feed. what happens after the sale is over? can i buy items that are not currently up for sale that i’ve seen in the past? our limited-time sales typically last 72 hours. once the sale is over, you won't be able to purchase that merchandise anymore. if you see something you dig, make moves and don't sleep. usually our more popular brands will come back up for sale at a future date and  time. however the exact time of those future sales and the specific items that will be sold is always changing until the sale starts, so make sure you are checking the site every day at 12 p.m. est to see what we’ve got up! what is a "final sale"? "final sales" include items that are offered at an even deeper discount than usual. because of these special offers, returns are not accepted on "final sales" items. how do i know if an item i bought is part of a "final sale?" an icon staing "this item is final sale. returns and exchanges will not be accepted," will be clearly displayed on the product page. what does "slim fit item" mean? these items are typically slimmer fitting so we recommend that you move up a size. if you usually wear a size medium you should probably order a size large, unless you really want a snug fit. top payment information how do i pay for my jackthreads purchase? we currently accept credit card payment from visa, master card, american express, and discover. simply enter your payment information in step 1 of our checkout process. you can also save your billing information in your secure jackthreads account for future purchases. can i use paypal? we won't be adding paypal as a payment option.  we used to offer this a long time ago, but their service doesn't currently work well with our business model.  if you are interested in using paypal check out the following link for information about the paypal debit card. it draws from your paypal account and you can use it like a credit card for any vendor (like jackthreads) where mastercard is accepted. is it safe to use my credit card or debit card on jackthreads? yes, definitely. we take security very seriously and have put measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of any information under our control. all orders are transmitted over secure internet connections using ssl (secure sockets layer) encryption technology. why was my credit card charged after i entered it into my account? all newly added credit cards are subject to a pre-authorization charge performed by our system that verifies the card is valid and legitimate. this typically shows up as a “pending” charge on your statement and will never be completed. it should disappear within 2-3 business days after the credit card was entered into your jackthreads account. when do i get charged for my purchase? your credit card will not be charged until your order is packaged by our warehouse. if any item in your order is part of a pre-sale, this may be 2-4 weeks after your order is placed. once your credit card is charged, your order will be listed as "in packaging" in your order history. it may take 3-5 business days for the charge to appear on your credit card statement. why was my credit card declined? credit cards are declined for a variety of reasons, such as an incorrect billing address or insufficient funds to complete the desired purchase.     if the billing address that you provide at checkout does not match the information from your financial institution, your order will likely be held for further review.     when a credit card is declined, we do not receive any specific reasons explaining why. we get a general “declined” message from the financial institution, and no specifics are noted. if your credit card is declined and you do not know why, please contact your financial institution for an explanation. does jackthreads charge sales tax? jackthreads currently only charges sales tax to members who reside in ohio and new york. it's required by law that we charge sales tax in states where we have a physical presence. do you accept international credit cards? we currently only accept forms of payment from the us and canada. top credits what types of store credit does jackthreads offer? jackthreads offers a variety of credits to our members. keep any eye an on the site for different promotions and deals that provide store credit for certain sales and items. the simplest way to earn $10 of jackthreads credit is to invite your friends to join the fun. once they make their first purchase you'll automatically be notified and credited $10 in your account. how do i invite friends? to offer invitations click here or click on the 'invite friends, earn $10' button at the top right corner of any page on the site to learn more. you can also invite your friends by sharing sales through email or social media. there are tools to help you share at the top right of every sale and product page. how do i earn $10 referral credit? every time you invite one of your friends to our site you get a $10 referral credit once they make their first purchase. to offer invitations click here or click on the 'invite friends, earn $' button at the top right corner of any page on the site to learn more. **please note: all referral credits are subject to approval. if you feel you should have a referral credit in your account and no credit is available, please contact customer service and we’ll be happy to look into it for you. is there a limit to the number of credits i can earn? no, the amount of credits you can earn is unlimited. you can use facebook, twitter, myspace, your personal blog site or forum posts and signatures (or any other way you can dream up) to spread your unique personal invite link that sends people directly to our site to earn you $10. do my jackthreads credits expire? credits for returned merchandise do not expire. referral credits expire one year from date of issue. other jackthreads credits typically expire 2 months from the day they are issued. if you are unsure about when your credit expires, contact customer service. how do i use my jackthreads store credit? any credit on your account will automatically be applied to your order when you reach the checkout page. currently, credit (including gift card credit) cannot be applied to gift cards, shipping charges, or sales tax. our system will always require you to use a credit card to place an order to make sure that sales tax, and/or shipping are covered. currently, we cannot split credits between separate orders. all credit will be applied towards your current order. if you have a credit balance remaining after your purchase it will remain in your account and be used with your next purchase. if a credit is issued after a purchase is made, it cannot be applied to that or any other previous purchases. it will be applied to a future purchase. top returns what is the jackthreads return policy? if you’ve got some gear you need to send back, you can find our full returns policy here. how do i make a return? head to the returns page and click "process a new return" in the upper right-hand corner. you will then be guided step-by-step through our simple return procedures. please follow all of these instructions to ensure that your return is shipped and processed successfully. once you have filed for a return, we will send you a confirmation email with your rma number. we will also send a confirmation email when your return has been delivered to our warehouse, and when your return has been succesfully processed. how do i know the status of my return? you can track the progress of your return in your account's return section. simply click on the rma number associated with your return to see if it is in transit, received by jackthreads, or if your refund has been processed. we will also send a confirmation email when your return has been delivered to our warehouse, and when your return has been succesfully processed. for any additional questions or comments, please contact customer service. i have an rma #, but i haven't sent the item back yet. what do i do? you can always reprint your rma return slip. head to the returns page, view your return, and you'll be able to print your rma from there. does jackthreads pay for return shipping? if you choose to use our return label, jackthreads charges a low flat rate of $7.95 for return shipping on us orders. this amount will be deducted from your jackthreads return credit if you use the label. if you dedide not to use the return label, we recommend that you use a shipping service with tracking and/or insurance, as this will provide you with recourse in the event that your package is lost in transit. jackthreads is not responsible for packages that are shipped by other means. does jackthreads pay for return shipping from canada? jackthreads does not pay for canadian return shipping at this time. the pre-paid shipping label feature can only be used for returns within the us (sorry canada). if you are a canadian customer and receive an incorrect item or a damaged/defective item, please contact customer service prior to returning the item so we can assist you. why is my item not appearing for return on my account page? there are a few reasons why an item you ordered may not be showing up in your returns section: unshipped orders will not appear here until they have shipped. one or more of your items may have been purchased during a final sale, making them ineligible for return. an item can only be returned within 21 days after it has shipped, so the item you want to return may be outside this 21 day return period. if you still aren't sure why an item does not appear in your return section, please contact customer service. how long does it take to see my return credit in my account? once your package is delivered to our warehouse, we will send you a confirmation email to let you know that is has completed shipping. your refund will then be processed as a store credit to your jackthreads account within 3-5 business days. when your refund has been processed and the credit is live, we will send a confirmation email to let you know. you will also be able track the progress of your return in your account's return section. simply click on the rma number associated with your return to see if it is in transit, received by jackthreads, or if your refund has been processed. for any additional questions or comments, please contact customer service. **please note: we cannot apply store credit to your account until the return has been processed by our returns team. once your return is delivered to our warehouse, it may still take up to five business days after delivery until you receive credit for your return. does jackthreads offer exchanges? because our sales run for a limited time and with limited quantities for each item, we are unable to process exchanges.  if you are not satisfied with any of your items then you may return them for store credit as long as they meet the guidelines of our return policy. top contact how do i contact you? connect with us at any time, for any reason: questions about a product? site not performing properly? want to suggest new brands that you'd like to see available for sale? whatever your question may be, we'll do our best to provide an answer within one business day. let us know how we can improve your membership experience. if you have a question about an order, please make sure to include your order number. contact us do you have a phone number? absolutely! 1-800-636-jack. our agents are available from 9am-9pm, est, monday through friday. top about mobile faq careers return policy privacy policy terms of use gift cards contact us press shipping logout copyright © 2009 - 2012 jackthreads.com - all rights reserved. jackthreads gain access to top tier streetwear and contemporary brands at up to 80% off daily. sign up with facebook we won't post without your permission. promise. or already a jackthreads or thrillist member? log in here. privacy policy thanks, your jackthreads membership is a go. by the way, we see that you're in new york. what a coincidence; our brother company, thrillist, is too. thrillist is a free daily email that uncovers the best new bars, restaurants, events, gear and services in your 'hood. click below to get on the list and you'll also get exclusive weekly hookups and discounts from thrillist rewards - otherwise continue your lonely, fruitless search for entertainment without us. your call. yes, sign me up for . (change) atlanta atlantic city austin boston chicago dallas denver detroit hamptons las vegas london los angeles miami minneapolis thrillist nation new york philadelphia portland san diego san francisco seattle washington dc accept invitation not right now tell friends, get $10 to spend. tell your friends about jackthreads and earn $10 for each one who signs up and buys. your personal referral link: http://www.jackthreads.comcopy link share on facebook share on twitter add share on email no thanks, i'll invite friends later. take me to the sales. ✕ how can we help you? select an option below to chat now need some style guidance? let one of our female stylists guide you to new heights of handsomeness. live chat by liveperson questions about orders, shipping, payment etc? chat with customer service and resolution will be yours. live chat by liveperson you have an expired item(s) in your cart. please remove or re-add the item(s) to continue. ok