来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131231094446/http://www.jackthreads.com/faq
================================================================================

frequently asked questions - faq - jackthreads thrillist the crosby press supercompressor jackthreads follow @jackthreads sales clothing shoes accessories related searches 23 your cart is empty. go get some threads. close invite friends log in sign up 23 back to home page frequently asked questions contact us general what is jackthreads? how does jackthreads offer such low prices? why should i shop with jackthreads what brands does jackthreads offer? how can i become a member? does jackthreads carry women’s clothing? most frequently asked does jackthreads offer exchanges? when will my order ship? why do some of my jackthreads orders take so long to arrive? will you give me a tracking number? can i change the shipping address for one of my orders? how do i cancel my order? will you accept my return late if it's delayed by weather-related issues? can i get a coupon code? can i get free shipping? do you have international shipping? managing your account how do i change my password? i forgot my password. what do i do? how do i change my stored billing address? how do i change my stored shipping address? can i store multiple shipping addresses in my account? how do i update my payment information? how do i unsubscribe from daily sales emails? shipping when will my order ship? how will my order ship and how much will i be charged? what shipping services do you offer and what is the transit time? will you give me a tracking number? how can i determine when an item will ship before i order it? why do some of my jackthreads orders take so long to arrive? how can i tell if a sale is an "in-stock" sale or a "pre-sale"? what is a "short-shipment" and how is my order affected? can jackthreads ship to po boxes or apo/fpo address? do you ship internationally? do you ship to canada? do you ship to the uk? do you ship to australia? how much does international shipping cost? which items are eligible for international shipping? can i change the shipping address for one of my orders? what is an undeliverable package? why was my package shipped via ups then routed to the u.s. postal service? the shipper’s tracking page indicates that my package was delivered, but i don't have my order. what should i do? is there an australian jackthreads? / is there a jackthreads uk equivalent? international shipping do you ship internationally? what international shipping services do you offer and what is the transit time? how much does international shipping cost? which items are eligible for international shipping? how will i be charged for my international order? what is your return/exchange policy for international orders? changing your order how do i cancel my order? how do i add an item to my order or combine my orders? how do i check my order status? what is a "short-shipment" and why is my order affected? sale events how does a jackthreads sale work? how are the products chosen for each sale? how often are the sales held? how long does each sale last? why do i get the sale event email after 12pm (noon) est? what happens after the sale is over? can i buy items that are not currently up for sale that i’ve seen in the past? what is a "final sale"? how do i know if an item i bought is part of a "final sale?" what does "slim fit item" mean? payment information how do i pay for my jackthreads purchase? can i use paypal? is it safe to use my credit card or debit card on jackthreads? why was my credit card charged after i entered it into my account? when do i get charged for my purchase? why was my credit card declined? does jackthreads charge sales tax? do you accept international credit cards? why do i see a $1.00 transaction in my account from jackthreads? i haven't ordered anything yet. credits what types of store credit does jackthreads offer? how do i invite friends? how do i earn $10 referral credit? is there a limit to the number of credits i can earn? do my jackthreads credits expire? how do i use my jackthreads store credit? returns what is the jackthreads return policy? how do i make a return? how do i know the status of my return? i have an rma #, but i haven't sent the item back yet. what do i do? does jackthreads pay for return shipping? does jackthreads pay for return shipping for international orders? why is my item not appearing for return on my account page? how long does it take to see my return credit in my account? does jackthreads offer exchanges? what is your return/exchange policy for international orders? contact how do i contact you? do you have a phone number? general what is jackthreads? jackthreads is a members-only online shopping community that offers private, limited-time sale events with the best brands in surf, skate, streetwear, and contemporary fashion. each day at 12pm est, we post 3-4 new sales offering a completely unique assortment of apparel, sneakers, and accessories at up to 80% off retail prices. we can only offer these low prices for a limited time, so sales usually run for 48-72 hours. jackthreads is free to join and everyone is welcome. all you have to do is sign up! how does jackthreads offer such low prices? jackthreads hustles hard to partner  with top streetwear and contemporary brands to offer our members exclusive access to high-quality, 100% authentic gear at incredible prices.  we want you to look good without breaking the bank. you even get an extra $10 credit when you invite your friends and they make their first purchase. why should i shop with jackthreads top brands: we work tirelessly to get you exclusive access to the brands that matter to you. prices: we offer merchandise at 50-80% off the regular retail price. style: every sale is a limited time opportunity to discover new and exciting brands as you continue to develop your own look. we’ll even post style guides occasionally, so you can get advice from our experts. easy: we scour the planet for the best merchandise and ship it directly to your doorstep. it doesn't get much easier than that. social: share jackthreads with your friends and get $10 added to your account when they make their first purchase. you can also share products, sales, or the entire site. what brands does jackthreads offer? we carry all of your favorite street, skate, surf,and contemporary brands including 10.deep, the hundreds, members only, crooks & castles, wesc, mishka,  arsnl, one90one, gourmet, alife, and g-shock to name a few. how can i become a member? it's easy and free. enter your name, email address, and a password on our homepage and you're ready to start shopping. if you’re already a member with our partner site, thrillist, then you’ve found another way to be even more awesome. you can enter the same email address and password to request an invite. **please note: make sure you keep an eye on your email, we'll send you a confirmation message once your account has been approved. this process can take up to two hours. does jackthreads carry women’s clothing? we don’t carry any lines specifically for the ladies, but that doesn’t stop our female members from doing plenty of shopping. while some are placing orders for their guys, plenty are shopping for themselves. ordering a size down in our apparel or picking up some unisex accessories and shoes usually works. top most frequently asked does jackthreads offer exchanges? absolutely! if we still have the gear you need in stock and you're in the u.s., give our customer service team a call at 1-800-636-jack to get the ball rolling on an exchange. if you're outside of the u.s. please contact us here so we can help you set up a return. when will my order ship? you are eager to get your threads and become even more good looking. understandable. to check the status of your order, go to your account and click on 'view order details' under the order number. here you will find an estimated delivery date, as well as a copy of your invoice. once your order is listed as in packaging, it should ship within 1-3 business days. when your order ships, we’ll send a confirmation email that includes your tracking information. this tracking number will also be available in your account, so you can follow your order’s progress all the way to your doorstep. some saver shipping methods will even provide live updates to your order history, so be on the lookout! why do some of my jackthreads orders take so long to arrive? most 'in-stock' orders are delivered within 5-8 business days from the time you placed your order. in order to offer the deep discounts that we do, many of our sales are run as "pre-sales" where the brand doesn't ship us the goods until after the sale has ended. once our custom order arrives at our warehouse, which usually takes a week or two, we'll ship your order to you. trust us, the combination of premium quality gear and steep savings will be well worth the wait. will you give me a tracking number? of course! when your order ships out you'll get an automatic e-mail with a tracking number. the tracking number will also be viewable in the 'order details' of any order in your history (see your account page). we’ll provide the tracking number as soon as your order ships, but it sometimes takes the number 24-48 hours to go live within the shipper’s system. can i change the shipping address for one of my orders? as long as your order has not been sent to our shipping and packing department at our warehouse, you can change the shipping address for your order in your account. click on the link next to your order to change your shipping address. if a link to change your shipping address does not appear, your order has either already shipped or has been sent to shipping and packing at our warehouse. we’d also like to add a healthy reminder to be absolutely sure that your shipping address is entered correctly. in order to feature so many different products and brands, our warehouse is designed to move very quickly. once your order is being packaged, we no longer have time to change the shipping address. we also don’t have the ability to reship orders that are returned to sender. stay on top of your game and make sure that your shipping information is 100% accurate, and there will be nothing to worry about. how do i cancel my order? if the items you order are already in stock, your order will move to our packaging department very quickly. if you ever need to cancel an order after placing it, just go to your order history within 30 minutes of your purchase. you’ll be able to make modifications there as long as the order hasn’t been sent to packaging. if more than 30 minutes have passed since placing your order, go to the contact us page and use the comments box to send us your cancellation request. please include your order number and specific details about the item(s) you want to remove from your order. we will notify you of the status of your cancellation within 1-2 business days. **please note: orders that have already been sent to our warehouse for packing and shipping cannot be canceled, added to, or modified. our warehouse works fast, so we may not always be able to cancel orders for items that are already in stock will you accept my return late if it's delayed by weather-related issues? absolutely! as long as your return was postmarked before the 14 day deadline, our warehouse will process your return normally once it arrives. if you're having trouble returning an item, please contact our customer service team and they'll be happy to help you out! can i get a coupon code? the best way to catch the latest jackthreads codes and promotions is by following us on twitter or facebook, where we'll drop limited access to exclusive codes that get you extra savings. if you see a coupon code, jump on it! they run out even faster than the gear. please note that while most coupon and promo codes will still work with built in sales on the site (e.g. buy 1 get 1 free), you can typically only use one promo code per order. can i get free shipping? in order to provide you with as many different brands as possible at the lowest prices we can get, we do not currently have a permanent option for free shipping. however, we frequently release free shipping codes and free shipping coupons for limited periods of time. in the past we’ve had free shipping fridays and free shipping for orders over a certain amount. they best way to stay informed about these any available free shipping codes, coupons or promos is to subscribe to our daily sales emails and follow us on facebook and twitter. do you have international shipping? we currently ship to: australia canada germany france hong kong italy japan korea mexico new zealand russia singapore switzerland uk packages outside of the us are shipped via worldnet or landmark and will be delivered by a local carrier. we’re working hard to expand across the globe. let us know where we should ship next by contacting: globalsupport@jackthreads.com. shipping costs for orders travelling outside of the u.s. vary depending on where your order is being shipped. to determine the shipping cost, simply add an item to your cart and proceed to the checkout page. upon entering your shipping address, the calculated shipping rate will be displayed. for order shipping to canada , any applicable customs, duties and fees will also be charged at checkout, and will appear under your order summary before you complete your purchase. jackthreads makes arrangements with a licensed canadian customs broker to act as your agent and import goods purchased from jackthreads on your behalf. the broker clears merchandise and accounts for duties and taxes at the border, as title to the items you purchase from us transfers at our shipping point in the united states. these costs are charged at checkout to help you avoid any inconvenience that comes along with importing products from the united states. no additional charges will be due upon delivery. top managing your account how do i change my password? you can change your password by logging in to your jackthreads account and clicking here. i forgot my password. what do i do? if you forgot your password, click the “forgot password” button on the login page. you'll receive an email with instructions on how to reset your password within 24 hours. how do i change my stored billing address? to change your stored billing address, or to add a new credit card, please log in to your jackthreads account and click here. how do i change my stored shipping address? to change or add to your stored shipping address(es), please log in to your jackthreads account and click here. can i store multiple shipping addresses in my account? yes, you can store multiple shipping addresses in your account. please log in to your jackthreads account and click here to add a new address to your account. **please note: your “primary” address will always be you default shipping address, unless you choose another one at checkout. how do i update my payment information? to add, delete, or update an existing credit card, please log in to your jackthreads account and click here. how do i unsubscribe from daily sales emails? to unsubscribe from daily sales emails, please click here and enter your email address in the box before clicking the unsubscribe button. **please note: unsubscribing will not deactivate your account. if you'd like to deactivate your account, please contact customer service. top shipping when will my order ship? you are eager to get your threads and become even more good looking. understandable. to check the status of your order, go to your account and click on 'view order details' under the order number. here you will find an estimated delivery date, as well as a copy of your invoice. when your order ships, we’ll send a confirmation email that includes your tracking information. this tracking number will also be available in your account, so you can follow your order’s progress all the way to your doorstep. some saver shipping methods will even provide live updates to your order history, so be on the lookout! how will my order ship and how much will i be charged? all domestic orders are delivered via ups or usps. shipping prices will vary depending on shipping service selected, the weight of the shipment, and your shipping address.  if you are not able to receive mail from usps at your location, please make sure to choose standard shipping to ensure the package is delivered by ups. any orders shipped to apo/fpo, po box, alaska, hawaii, guam or puerto rico, will be sent via usps. packages outside of the us are shipped via worldnet or landmark and will be delivered by a local carrier. for orders shipping to canada and the uk, you’ll see an additional line at checkout indicating the “custom, duties and fees.” those extra charges are the combination of brokerage fees and any applicable duties and taxes. you will not be charged any additional duties or taxes upon delivery. you can check the status of any order by visiting the order history section of your account. an email notification with tracking information will be sent to you when your package has shipped. what shipping services do you offer and what is the transit time? the following shipping options are available: shipping services estimated delivery date saver shipping (usps) (us) 3 to 7 business days after shipping* standard shipping (ups ground) (us) 2 to 5 business days after shipping* ups 2nd day shipping (us) 2 business days after ordering ups next day shipping (us) 1 business day after ordering canada 3-13 days after shipping* australia, germany, france, italy, japan, korea, new zealand, russia, singapore, switzerland and the uk 7-14 days after shipping* hong kong 7-16 days after shipping* mexico 14-21 days after shipping* your shipping method and estimated delivery date will be determined when you enter your address at checkout. to learn more about what customs and duties and fees you may owe for orders shipped outside of the u.s. please visit our international faq page. *our warehouse ships all orders from brooklyn, new york. orders with saver and standard shipping will leave the warehouse after 1-2 business days. your delivery transit time will vary depending on your order's destination and its distance from our warehouse. if your package is being delivered to a rural area or to the western part of the u.s., you can expect your order to arrive towards the end of the estimated delivery date range. will you give me a tracking number? of course! when your order ships out you'll get an automatic e-mail with a tracking number. the tracking number will also be viewable in the 'order details' of any order in your history, just go to your account. we’ll provide the tracking number as soon as your order ships, but it sometimes takes 24-48 hours to go live within the shipper’s system. please note: international shipments may take up to 4 days for tracking to appear. how can i determine when an item will ship before i order it? an estimated delivery date will appear above the 'add to cart' button on the product page. we will also provide you with an estimated delivery range for your entire order once you select a shipping method. if you order items with different estimated delivery dates, you will receive them all together by the latest date. why do some of my jackthreads orders take so long to arrive? most 'in-stock' orders are delivered within 5-8 business days. in order to offer the deep discounts that we do, many of our sales are run as ‘pre-sales’ where the brand doesn't ship us the goods until after the sale has ended. once our customer order arrives at our warehouse, which usually takes a week or two, we'll ship your order to you. trust us, the combination of premium quality gear and steep savings will be well worth the wait. how can i tell if a sale is an "in-stock" sale or a "pre-sale"? estimated delivery dates for both 'in-stock' and 'pre-sales' are clearly indicated above the 'add to cart' button on the product page. *'pre-sale' estimated delivery time is 3 to 4 weeks from when your order is placed. *'in-stock' sale estimated delivery time is 5 to 11 business days from when your order is placed. *both delivery time frames can be extended or shortened based on shipping service selected and delivery destination. what is a "short-shipment" and how is my order affected? a short-shipment occurs when a brand ships us fewer items than we initially agreed upon after the sale is complete. members with affected orders will be notified by email typically 10-12 days after a sale event is complete. those members will receive a full refund for the short-shipped item as well as a jackthreads coupon towards a future order. we impose strict 'short-shipment' guidelines on our brands and penalize them in an effort to eliminate this problem. we only take this step after exhausting all other option to find a replacement. whenever any potential delays come up, we will do our best to reach out to you with more information and a resolution. can jackthreads ship to po boxes or apo/fpo address? yes. jackthreads will use usps to ship to these destinations. do you ship internationally? do you ship to canada? do you ship to the uk? do you ship to australia? we currently ship to australia, canada, germany, france, hong kong, italy, japan, korea, mexico, new zealand, russia, singapore, switzerland, and the uk. packages outside of the us are shipped via worldnet or landmark and will be delivered by a local carrier. we’re working hard to expand across the globe. let us know where we should ship next by contacting: globalsupport@jackthreads.com. how much does international shipping cost? to learn more about shipping costs and delivery for orders outside the u.s. please refer to our international faq page. for orders shipping to canada and the uk, any applicable customs, duties and fees will also be charged at checkout, and will appear under your order summary before you complete your purchase. jackthreads makes arrangements with a licensed canadian customs broker to act as your agent and import goods purchased from jackthreads on your behalf. the broker clears merchandise and accounts for duties and taxes at the border, as title to the items you purchase from us transfers at our shipping point in the united states. these costs are charged at checkout to help you avoid any inconvenience that comes along with importing products from the united states. no additional charges will be due upon delivery. canadian members, please make note of this section from our terms of use: by ordering goods from jackthreads, i hereby authorize a licensed canadian customs broker chosen by jackthreads, to act as my agent, and to transact business with canada border services agency (cbsa) to clear my merchandise, account for applicable duties and taxes, to return merchandise to landmark global and prepare and submit refund claims on my behalf for any merchandise that i return. i understand that cbsa will send any refund of duties and taxes that were paid on the returned merchandise to the broker, and that i will obtain the refund directly from jackthreads. in this connection, i also authorize the customs broker to endorse any refund check issued by cbsa in my name, so that jackthreads, can be reimbursed. i also waive my need for any receipt of this transaction which may include classification of goods, transaction number, and a breakdown of duties and taxes. which items are eligible for international shipping? we offer international shipping for the majority of our product offering. some products are not available for shipping outside the u.s. due to various trade agreements and exclusive international shipping arrangments between brands and vendors. products that are not eligible to ship internationally are marked as such throughout the checkout process. can i change the shipping address for one of my orders? as long as your order has not been sent to our shipping and packing department at our warehouse, you can change the shipping address for your order in your account. click on the link next to your order to change your shipping address. if a link to change your shipping address does not appear, your order has either already shipped or has been sent to shipping and packing at our warehouse. we’d also like to add a friendly reminder to be absolutely sure that your shipping address is entered correctly. in order to feature so many different products and brands, our warehouse is designed to move very quickly. once your order is being packaged, we no longer have time to change the shipping address. we also don’t have the ability to reship orders that are returned to sender. stay on top of your game and make sure that your shipping information is 100% accurate, and there will be nothing to worry about. what is an undeliverable package? occasionally packages are returned back to our warehouse because the shipper has determined the package is undeliverable. when the carrier returns an undeliverable package to us, we automatically restock the items and issue a full refund (including shipping) back to the original form(s) of payment. **please note: if your package was returned to our warehouse as undeliverable, we will not be able to re-ship your package. tips to avoid having your package returned to sender: 1.) make sure your address is correct before you complete your purchase. 2.) enter information in the appropriate fields. -address 1 (street address, p.o. box, company name, c / o) -address 2 (apartment, suite, unit, building, floor, etc.) 3.) make sure your saved addresses have been entered correctly in your address book. also make sure you’ve selected the proper “primary" address. why was my package shipped via ups then routed to the u.s. postal service? jackthreads uses a partnership formed by ups and the usps to pass on lower shipping costs to you. this shipping partnership uses the strengths of both shippers to deliver your order quickly and at a great price. the final delivery of your package will be handled by your local post office. the shipper’s tracking page indicates that my package was delivered, but i don't have my order. what should i do? on occasion, the shipper may update your delivery status a day early in anticipation of its final delivery.  if you have not received a notice, or your package is stillnot delivered on the following business day, please check with members of your household, neighbors, apartment/office managers first to see if someone accepted the package for you. if you are still unable to locate your package, please feel free to contact the jackthreads customer service team at 1.800.636.jack. is there an australian jackthreads? / is there a jackthreads uk equivalent? there is! it's us! we ship to the uk and australia via worldnet. for international shipping, you’ll see an additional line at checkout indicating the “custom, duties and fees.” those extra charges are the combination of brokerage fees and any applicable duties and taxes. we incorporate these charges into checkout to help you avoid any surprise c.o.d. issues. under our international shipping option, you will not be charged any additional duties or taxes upon delivery. top international shipping do you ship internationally? we currently ship to australia, canada, germany, france, hong kong, italy, japan, korea, mexico, new zealand, russia, singapore, switzerland, and the uk. packages outside of the us are shipped via worldnet or landmark and will be delivered by a local carrier. we’re working hard to expand across the globe. let us know where we should ship next by contacting: globalsupport@jackthreads.com. what international shipping services do you offer and what is the transit time? the following shipping options are available: shipping services estimated delivery date canada 3-13 days after shipping* australia, germany, france, italy, japan, korea, new zealand, russia, singapore, switzerland and the uk 7-14 days after shipping* hong kong 7-16 days after shipping* mexico 14-21 days after shipping* your shipping method and estimated delivery date will be determined when you enter your address at checkout. to learn more about what customs and duties and fees you may owe for orders shipped outside of the u.s. please visit our international faq page. how much does international shipping cost? to learn more about shipping costs and delivery for orders outside the u.s. please refer to our international faq page. to determine the shipping cost, simply add an item to your cart and proceed to the checkout page. upon entering your shipping address, the calculated shipping rate will be displayed. for orders shipping to canada or the uk, any applicable customs, duties and fees will also be charged at checkout, and will appear under your order summary before you complete your purchase. jackthreads makes arrangements with a licensed canadian customs broker to act as your agent and import goods purchased from jackthreads on your behalf. the broker clears merchandise and accounts for duties and taxes at the border, as title to the items you purchase from us transfers at our shipping point in the united states. these costs are charged at checkout to help you avoid any inconvenience that comes along with importing products from the united states. no additional charges will be due upon delivery. canadian members, please make note of this section from our terms of use: by ordering goods from jackthreads, i hereby authorize a licensed canadian customs broker chosen by jackthreads, to act as my agent, and to transact business with canada border services agency (cbsa) to clear my merchandise, account for applicable duties and taxes, to return merchandise to landmark global and prepare and submit refund claims on my behalf for any merchandise that i return. i understand that cbsa will send any refund of duties and taxes that were paid on the returned merchandise to the broker, and that i will obtain the refund directly from jackthreads. in this connection, i also authorize the customs broker to endorse any refund check issued by cbsa in my name, so that jackthreads, can be reimbursed. i also waive my need for any receipt of this transaction which may include classification of goods, transaction number, and a breakdown of duties and taxes. which items are eligible for international shipping? we offer international shipping for the majority of our product offering. some products are not available for shipping outside the u.s. due to various trade agreements and exclusive international shipping arrangments between brands and vendors. products that are not eligible to ship internationally are marked as such throughout the checkout process. how will i be charged for my international order? we currently accept visa, mastercard, american express and discover credit cards from the us, canada, australia and the uk. your order total will be listed in u.s. dollars. in addition, you’ll see an additional line at checkout indicating the “customs, duties and fees.” these charges are a combination of brokerage fees and any applicable duties and taxes. we incorporate these charges into checkout to help you avoid any surprise c.o.d. issues. no additional charges will be due upon delivery. you can check the status of any order by visiting the order history section of your account. an email notification with tracking information will be sent to you when your package has shipped. what is your return/exchange policy for international orders? canada we do accept returns from canada, but jackthreads does not pay for canadian return shipping at this time. the pre-paid shipping label feature can only be used for returns within the u.s. we recommend that you use a shipping service with tracking and/or insurance, as this will provide you with recourse in the event that your package is lost in transit. jackthreads is not responsible for packages that are shipped by other means. for returns within canada, send them to: jackthreads c/o landmark global 4240 harvester rd unit #2 burlington, on l7l0c1 please note: you must include your return detail page and original packing slip so that your return can be processed. outside the us and canada jackthreads offers store credit for all returns. we accept returns for items that have not been worn, altered, washed, or damaged. just reach out to our customer service team here so we can help you set up a return if you are outside of the u.s. please pack and ship your return items with all tags attached within 14 days from the day the items are delivered to you. that's it... we're just asking that it leaves your house within 14 days. while most items are eligible for return, some items are marked final sale in the product details on the site. top changing your order how do i cancel my order? if the items you order are already in stock, your order will move to our packaging department very quickly. if you ever need to cancel an order after placing it, just go to your order history within 30 minutes of your purchase. you’ll be able to make modifications there as long as the order hasn’t been sent to packaging. if it has been more than 30 minutes since your order was placed, go to the contact us page to reach an assocaite through live chat or over the phone. you can also use the comments box to send us your cancellation request via email. please include your order number and specific details about the item(s) you want to remove from your order. we will notify you of the status of your cancellation within 1-2 business days. **please note: orders that have already been sent to our warehouse for packing and shipping cannot be canceled, added to, or modified. our warehouse works fast, so we may not always be able to cancel orders for items that are already in stock. we strongly recommend calling or chatting in if you just placed your order and need to have it cancelled. how do i add an item to my order or combine my orders? we can combine orders to help you save on shipping costs, as long as both orders were placed on the same day and neither order is already in shipping and packing. you'll need to make an additional purchase for the item you'd like to add and contact a customer service associate to have your orders combined. you can reach our associates via live chat, phone and email at the contact us page. make sure to include both order numbers and we will do everything we can to combine the two orders for you. we will notify you of the status of your cancellation/modification within 1-2 business days if you send your request via email. **please note: orders that have already been sent to our warehouse for packing and shipping cannot be canceled, added to, or modified. our warehouse works fast, so we may not always be able to cancel, combine, or modify orders for items that are already in stock. we strongly recommend calling or chatting in if you just placed your order and need to have it cancelled. how do i check my order status? you can actually view your entire order history on your account page. here you'll see the most recent statuses of your pending orders along with other order details. if your order has shipped, clicking 'view order details' will show you the associated tracking number. what is a "short-shipment" and why is my order affected? a 'short-shipment' occurs when a brand ships us fewer items than we initially agreed upon after the sale event is complete. members with affected orders will be notified by email typically 10-12 days after a sale event is complete. those members will receive a full refund for the short-shipped item as well as a jackthreads credit of $10. we impose strict 'short-shipment' guidelines on our brands and penalize them in an effort to eliminate this problem. top sale events how does a jackthreads sale work? every day at 12 p.m. est, we release new sales full of sick merchandise chosen by our team of expert buyers. a typical sale lasts for 72 hours and once it's over, it's over. you can access the sales by opening your daily jackthreads email or hustling to the site at 12pm est sharp so you don't miss out. our exclusive arrangements with these brands allow us to sell their gear for a limited time only, so we typically aren’t able to order more merch once a sale closes or an item sells out. how are the products chosen for each sale? products are hand selected by our team of expert buyers, who continuously work with our brands to sort out what's hot and what's not. we do all of the legwork so you'll always look your best at the click of a button. don't see the brands you want? contact us and we'll pass your recommendations on to our buyers. how often are the sales held? we consistently host brand new sales every day 12 p.m. (noon) est, but don't sleep on us. we've been known to drop exlcusive sales throughout the day as well. stay subscribed to our sales emails, and you won't miss out on any surprises... how long does each sale last? a typical sale lasts 72 hours. when it's over, it's over, although we often bring our most popular brands back for future sales. you can always see how much longer a sale is scheduled to last at the top of the sale page. why do i get the sale event email after 12pm (noon) est? we send our daily emails out every day at noon est, but there are times when you might receive it a little later depending on the type of email account you have. we're working on speeding this up but in the meantime, make sure to get to the site at 12pm sharp so you don't miss out. we send out twitter and facebook alerts, and also have an rss feed. what happens after the sale is over? can i buy items that are not currently up for sale that i’ve seen in the past? our limited-time sales typically last 72 hours. once the sale is over, you won't be able to purchase that merchandise anymore. if you see something you dig, make moves and don't sleep. usually our more popular brands will come back up for sale down the line. however the exact dates and times of those future sales and the specific items that will be sold are always in flux, so make sure you're checking the site every day at 12 p.m. est to see what we’ve got up! what is a "final sale"? "final sales" include items that are offered at an even deeper discount than usual. because of these special offers, returns are not accepted on "final sales" items. other items that aren't eligible for our return policy will also be marked, in bold, as "final sale" in the product description. how do i know if an item i bought is part of a "final sale?" an icon staing "this item is final sale. returns and exchanges will not be accepted," will be clearly displayed on the product page. what does "slim fit item" mean? these items are typically slimmer fitting so we recommend that you move up a size. if you usually wear a size medium you should probably order a size large, unless you really want a snug fit. top payment information how do i pay for my jackthreads purchase? we currently accept credit card payment from visa, master card, american express, and discover. simply enter your payment information in step 1 of our checkout process. you can also save your billing information in your secure jackthreads account for future purchases. can i use paypal? jackthreads is now accepting paypal payments. to do so, simply connect your paypal account in the billing profile section of your account settings page, or click "checkout with paypal" above your shipping address on the checkout page. is it safe to use my credit card or debit card on jackthreads? yes, definitely. we take security very seriously and have put measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of any information under our control. all orders are transmitted over secure internet connections using ssl (secure sockets layer) encryption technology. why was my credit card charged after i entered it into my account? this usually only happens to our overseas customers due to regulations with some international banks. these newly added credit cards are subject to a pre-authorization charge performed by our system that verifies the card is valid and legitimate. this typically shows up as a “pending” $1.00 item on your statement and will never be completed. it should disappear within 2-3 business days after the credit card was entered into your jackthreads account. when do i get charged for my purchase? your credit card will not be charged until your order is packaged by our warehouse. if any item in your order is part of a pre-sale, this may be 2-4 weeks after your order is placed. once your credit card is charged, your order will be listed as "in packaging" in your order history. it may take 3-5 business days for the charge to appear on your credit card statement. you may also see an initial pending transaction when you first place your order. this is simply to verify that the funds are available. we will not withdraw any funds until your order is in packaging. why was my credit card declined? credit cards are declined for a variety of reasons, such as an incorrect billing address or insufficient funds to complete the desired purchase.    if the billing address that you provide at checkout does not match the information from your financial institution, your order will likely be held for further review.     when a credit card is declined, we do not  necessarily receive any specific reasons explaining why. we get a general “declined” message from the financial institution, and no specifics are noted. if your credit card is declined and you do not know why, we strongly recommend contacting your financial institution for more information. does jackthreads charge sales tax? jackthreads currently only charges sales tax to members who reside in ohio and new york. it's required by law that we charge sales tax in states where we have a physical presence. do you accept international credit cards? we currently accept visa, mastercard, american express and discover credit cards with billing addresses located within the countries included in our shipping options. you can get a full list of those countries at our international faq page. your order total will be listed in u.s. dollars. ifor orders shipping to canada and the uk, you’ll see an additional line at checkout indicating the “customs, duties and fees.” these charges are a combination of brokerage fees and any applicable duties and taxes. no additional charges will be due upon delivery. for shipping outside the us, uk and australia, please refer to our international faq page for more information on applicable duties and teaxes. you can check the status of any order by visiting the order history section of your account. an email notification with tracking information will be sent to you when your package has shipped. why do i see a $1.00 transaction in my account from jackthreads? i haven't ordered anything yet. not to worry! we won't charge your card until your order ships. some banks, especially outside of the u.s., require us to hold $1.00 as a pending transaction when we verify your saved credit card. this $1.00 is the minimum amount that we're allowed to hold while verifying your information. it will never be withdrawn. it just makes it easier for you to save credit cards and not have to worry about an item selling out while trying to enter your payment information. top credits what types of store credit does jackthreads offer? jackthreads offers a variety of credits to our members. keep any eye an on the site for different promotions and deals that provide store credit for certain sales and items. the easiest way to earn $10 in jackthreads credit is to invite your friends to partake in the handsomeness. once they make their first purchase you'll automatically be notified and credited $10 in your account. how do i invite friends? to offer invitations click here or click on the 'invite friends, earn $10' button at the top right corner of any page on the site to learn more. you can also invite your friends by sharing sales through email or social media. there are tools to help you share at the top right of every sale and product page. how do i earn $10 referral credit? every time one of your friends starts a new account using your unique referral link, you get a $10 referral credit once they make their first purchase. to offer invitations click here or click on the 'invite friends, earn $' button at the top right corner of any page on the site to learn more. **please note: all referral credits are subject to approval. if you feel you should have a referral credit in your account and no credit is available, please contact customer service and we’ll be happy to look into it for you. is there a limit to the number of credits i can earn? no, the amount of credits you can earn is unlimited. you can use facebook, twitter, myspace, your personal blog site or forum posts and signatures (or any other way you can dream up) to spread your unique personal invite link that sends people directly to our site to earn you $10. do my jackthreads credits expire? credits for returned merchandise do not expire. referral credits expire one year from date of issue. other jackthreads credits typically expire 2 months from the day they are issued. if you are unsure about when your credit expires, contact customer service. how do i use my jackthreads store credit? any credit on your account will automatically be applied to your order when you reach the checkout page. currently, credit (including gift card credit) cannot be applied to gift cards, shipping charges, or sales tax. our system will always require you to use a credit card to place an order to make sure that sales tax, and/or shipping are covered. currently, we cannot split credits between separate orders. all credit will be applied towards your current order. if you have a credit balance remaining after your purchase it will remain in your account and be used with your next purchase. if a credit is issued after a purchase is made, it cannot be applied to that or any other previous purchases. it will be applied to a future purchase. top returns what is the jackthreads return policy? if you’ve got some gear you need to send back, you can find our full returns policy here. how do i make a return? head to the returns page and click "process a new return" in the upper right-hand corner. you will then be guided step-by-step through our simple return procedures. please follow all of these instructions to ensure that your return is shipped and processed successfully. once you have filed for a return, we will send you a confirmation email with your rma number. we will also send a confirmation email when your return has been delivered to our warehouse, and when your return has been succesfully processed. how do i know the status of my return? you can track the progress of your return in your account's return section. simply click on the rma number associated with your return to see if it is in transit, received by jackthreads, or if your refund has been processed. we will also send a confirmation email when your return has been delivered to our warehouse, and when your return has been succesfully processed. for any additional questions or comments, please contact customer service. i have an rma #, but i haven't sent the item back yet. what do i do? you can always reprint your rma return slip. head to the returns page, view your return, and you'll be able to print your rma from there. does jackthreads pay for return shipping? if you choose to use our return label, jackthreads charges a low flat rate of $5.95 for restocking and shipping.. this amount will be deducted from your jackthreads return credit if you use the label. if you dedide not to use the return label, we recommend that you use a shipping service with tracking and/or insurance, as this will provide you with recourse in the event that your package is lost in transit. jackthreads is not responsible for packages that are shipped by other means. does jackthreads pay for return shipping for international orders? jackthreads does not pay for returns outside of the us at this time. the pre-paid shipping label feature can only be used for returns within the us. if you are an international customer and receive an incorrect item or a damaged/defective item, please contact customer service prior to returning the item so we can assist you. why is my item not appearing for return on my account page? there are a few reasons why an item you ordered may not be showing up in your returns section: unshipped orders will not appear here until they have shipped. one or more of your items may have been purchased during a final sale, making them ineligible for return. an item can only be returned within 21 days after it has shipped, so the item you want to return may be outside this 21 day return period. if you still aren't sure why an item does not appear in your return section, please contact customer service. how long does it take to see my return credit in my account? once your package is delivered to our warehouse, we will send you a confirmation email to let you know that it's arrived. your refund will then be processed as a store credit to your jackthreads account within 5-7 business days. when your refund has been processed and the credit is live, we will send a confirmation email to let you know. you will also be able track the progress of your return in your account's return section. simply click on the rma number associated with your return to see if it is in transit, received by jackthreads, or if your refund has been processed. for any additional questions or comments, please contact customer service. **please note: we cannot apply store credit to your account until the return has been processed by our returns team. once your return is delivered to our warehouse, it may still take up to five business days after delivery until you receive credit for your return. does jackthreads offer exchanges? absolutely! if we have what you need in stock and you're in the u.s., just give our customer service team a call at 1-800-636-jack to get the ball rolling on an exchange. if you're outside of the u.s. you can contact us here for now to do the same thing. anytime you're not satisfied with any of your items, you may return them for store credit as long as they meet the guidelines of our return policy. what is your return/exchange policy for international orders? jackthreads offers store credit for all returns. we accept returns for items that have not been worn, altered, washed, or damaged. just reach out to our customer service team here so we can help you set up a return if you are outside of the u.s. please pack and ship your return items with all tags attached within 14 days from the day the items are delivered to you. that's it... we're just asking that it leaves your house within 14 days. while most items are eligible for return, some items are marked final sale in the product details on the site. top contact how do i contact you? connect with us at any time, for any reason: questions about a product? site not performing properly? want to suggest new brands that you'd like to see available for sale? whatever your question may be, we'll do our best to provide an answer within one business day. let us know how we can improve your membership experience. if you have a question about an order, please make sure to include your order number. contact us do you have a phone number? absolutely! our u.s. customer service hotline is 1-800-636-jack. our agents are available from 9am-9pm, est, monday through friday. top about mobile faq careers return policy privacy terms of use gift cards brands contact us press shipping international  copyright © 2009 - 2014 jackthreads - all rights reserved. show your friends what they should be wearing. plus you’ll score sweet cash for each friend who signs up and buys through your link. add to timeline no thanks you can change your facebook options at any time by visiting your account settings how can we help you? select an option below to chat now need some style guidance? let one of our female stylists guide you to new heights of handsomeness. live chat by liveperson questions about orders, shipping, payment etc? chat with customer service and resolution will be yours. live chat by liveperson how can we help you? select an option below to chat now need some style guidance? let one of our female stylists guide you to new heights of handsomeness. live chat by liveperson questions about orders, shipping, payment etc? chat with customer service and resolution will be yours. live chat by liveperson search today's sales brand spotlight clothing shoes accessories featured brands shops login account logout