来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151228203810/https://www.jackthreads.com/brands/jackthreads/298
================================================================================

the new jt collection continue shopping your bag chat your bag shipping policy return policy jackthreads clothing shoes sales clothing shop all clothing new arrivals shop our new collection shop jt down shop jt cashmere categories outerwear shirts pants blazers suits tees jeans underwear & socks sweaters sweatshirts shorts shoes shop all shoes new arrivals boots under $100 25% off dress shoes categories boots dress shoes sneakers slip-ons shop weatherproof boots shop sneakerheads shop premium footwear collection shop vans shop base london shop timberland accessories bags watches hats sunglasses wallets belts ties jewelry gloves sporting goods tech & music home grooming shop new arrivals shop lifestyle goods shop style accessories shop star wars x nixon shop ray-ban shop herschel br@nds shop all brands jackthreads brixton columbia iron & resin steven alan nixon obey rvca poler marmot levi's publish shop jackthreads shop vans shop the north face shop burton shop publish shop mountain hardwear sales new arrivals new arrivals best sellers the work shop the lounge shop outdoor greats pick a bag, pack a bag color alert: grey heather the upgrade shop new arrivals shop best sellers shop outdoor greats shop the work shop shop pack a bag: ski & snow shop color alert: grey heather filter log in / sign up my account orders saved items address book payment info email preferences returns gift cards & credits invite friends settings sign out follow us on follow @jackthreads about jackthreads careers terms of use privacy policy jtedit we’re really proud of our new line: an edited collection of stylish, quality essentials designed around the core idea that daily style should be simple. that's our reason for being. the jt reverse terry jackets & outerwear sweatshirts the sunday edition suit more sweaters more pants more shirts more jeans more tees more accessories more shorts filter the new jt collection 366 items reset filters sort: newest sort: recommended sort: price low to high sort: price high to low sort: best selling color white grey charcoal black brown navy blue green yellow khaki/tan orange red purple pink department accessories clothing categories blazers jeans outerwear pants shirts shorts sweaters sweatshirts tees & tanks categories bags hats size one size size x small small medium large x large xx large 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 38 40 42 44 46 fit skinny slim straight brand jackthreads type casual dress type cardigan pullover type crew neck hoodie zip-up type jogger casual dress type tote type casual type casual dress vest type dress type henley crew neck v-neck hooded type beanie length above knee sleeve length short sleeve long sleeve fit slim skinny fit slim fit slim regular sleeve length long sleeve wash medium wash dark wash selvedge style solid plaid printed checked striped color block material cotton blend polyester neckline crew neck shawl collar v-neck style two-button material cotton fit slim regular material wool cotton blend polyester blend sleeve length short sleeve long sleeve 3/4 sleeve style solid graphic striped color block fit slim material cotton polyester rayon style solid printed material chino cotton wool cotton blend corduroy twill fly closure none zip style solid color block graphic material cotton cotton blend down nylon polyester wool blend material cotton flannel chambray oxford poplin style puffer parka peacoat / topcoat bomber military softshell material 100% cotton cotton blend 100% cashmere cashmere blend wool blend fabric type stretch non-stretch more options + less options — the new jt collection the new jt collection the jt reverse terry featuring the all-new jt reverse terry line: extra texture, mega style, supreme comfort. xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the reverse sweatshirt $59 color: grey heather size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the reverse sweatshirt $49 color: grey heather size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large ⓧ xx large jackthreads the reverse shorts $49 color: grey heather size: xs jackets & outerwear classic bombers, down, parkas to beat the rain, and more. xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the 3-in-1 field jacket $189 color: british khaki size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the fishtail parka $189 color: military size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the fishtail parka $189 color: black size: xs s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the fishtail parka $189 color: darkest navy size: s xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the rain parka $129 color: olive size: xs s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the peacoat $159 color: light grey size: s s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the peacoat $159 color: charcoal size: s s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the peacoat $159 color: navy size: s s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the topcoat $229 color: tobacco size: s xs s m l xl 2xl select size ⓧ x small small medium ⓧ large ⓧ x large ⓧ xx large jackthreads the down jacket $69 $99 color: black size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large ⓧ x large ⓧ xx large jackthreads the down jacket $69 $99 color: heather grey size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large ⓧ xx large jackthreads the down jacket $69 $99 color: silver size: xs the jackthreads peacoat is an uncontested outerwear classic made better more than any other piece of men’s outerwear, the peacoat is an icon. it’s the white undershirt of outerwear — a throw-on-and-go staple that’s simply part of the equat... expand to read the jackthreads peacoat is an uncontested outerwear classic made better the jackthreads peacoat is an uncontested outerwear classic made better jackthreads share item & get $10* published on 12/23/2015 by emily singer by emily singer more than any other piece of men’s outerwear, the peacoat is an icon. it’s the white undershirt of outerwear — a throw-on-and-go staple that’s simply part of the equation, and the piece that’s grabbed instinctually when walking out the door. dating back to the 1700s, the peacoat is as timeless as it gets. but timeless doesn’t have to mean stale. so with refined and hybridized technical details, the jackthreads peacoat features all of the typical markings of a classic peacoat, with updates that increase versatility and wearability to best suit today’s man. jackthreads pictured: the jackthreads peacoat in navy ($159) named not for little green pods, but rather the cloth from which the coat was originally made (either dutch twilled blue cloth called pij or a coarse blue cloth with a nap on one side used by the navy called pilot cloth, abbreviated to p-cloth, depending on whom you ask), peacoats are characterized by a shorter length, double-breasted front, broad lapel, and slash pockets. as the coat rose to prominence, particularly among naval seamen, it was spun in tightly woven wool for added warmth and wind-protection. the jacket's oversized ulster collar, with a distinct, notched lapel, allows for increased versatility, protecting the wearer's neck and face when fully buttoned while not sacrificing comfort or range of motion. jackthreads rather than heavy, boiled wool, the jackthreads peacoat is built from a wool-polyester blend, which makes it lightweight, softer, and allows the fabric to drape and move with the wearer’s body. its insulated, quilted interior is rare among peacoats, making jt’s iteration stand out and building technical details into an otherwise simple layer. "hybrids are in our brand identity. we’re never just one thing, and the pieces we design are never just one thing, because our guy is, needs, and wants a little bit of everything. so this is kind of the next take on the peacoat." — kat stupp, jackthreads design director jackthreads concerning fit, the jackthreads peacoat runs slim, building a more tailored look, yet still leaving room for layers underneath (the jt down vest, pictured above, is our go-to for extra warmth). "our vendor who’s making this also does a lot of our suiting, so [the peacoat] has a truly tailored construction, and we’ve leaned on their expertise when it comes to fit." — megan ryall, jackthreads production and sourcing manager jackthreads pictured: the jackthreads peacoat in light grey ($159) what’s more, jackthreads' take on the peacoat sheds overtly nautical details — namely by eliminating the fouled anchor button design (with an anchor wrapped in rope). this not only simplifies the coat, but also makes it more wearable to a broader spectrum of tastes. a chambray lining, too, enhances breathability and puts a contemporary spin on an age-old classic. "we work bottom-up and top-down. so at the start of each season, we begin with the hard pieces — the pieces of outerwear and the bottoms — that a guy needs. for winter, it’s a topcoat, a peacoat, and a fashion coat, which is the fishtail parka." — kat stupp jackthreads across the board, pared-down, classic menswear pieces are undergoing a resurgence, reinvention, and modernization, and the jt peacoat is no exception. while trend-driven pieces like the fishtail parka may be enticing, they need to be tempered with a heritage-inspired counterpart. a versatile wardrobe demands a mix of both genres and, as proven by over 300 years of history, a peacoat will remain in favor no matter how trends rise and fall. with a softer, more wearable fabric and atypical details, the jackthreads peacoat is an indisputable go-to. grab yours and other modernized classics, exclusively from jackthreads. s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the bomber $89.99 $149 color: tobacco size: s s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the bomber $89.99 $149 color: charcoal/black plaid size: s s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the collegiate bomber $89.99 $149 color: black size: s xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large ⓧ xx large jackthreads the down jacket $69 $99 color: navy size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the down jacket $69 $99 color: red size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the down jacket $69 $99 color: syrah size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the down jacket $69 $99 color: berry blue size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the down jacket $69 $99 color: moss green size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the down jacket $69 $99 color: burnt orange size: xs s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large ⓧ xx large jackthreads the down vest $59 $79 color: berry blue size: s s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the down vest $59 $79 color: burnt orange size: s s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large ⓧ xx large jackthreads the down vest $59 $79 color: syrah size: s s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the popover $99 color: khaki size: s s m l xl 2xl select size small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the corduroy blazer now $96.75 $129 color: camel size: s sweatshirts like comfort food for your torso. adventure in them, lounge in them, live in them daily. xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the weekend hoodie $59 color: charcoal heather/heather grey size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the reverse sweatshirt $59 color: grey heather size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large xx large jackthreads the reverse sweatshirt $49 color: grey heather size: xs xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large ⓧ xx large jackthreads the reverse shorts $49 color: grey heather size: xs the sunday edition suit nowhere can you find a slim, premium suit for under $300. which is why we made it. sweaters some are for every day. some are perfect for cold weather. and cashmere you can afford. cashmere doesn't have to cost a fortune you likely know cashmere as something that comes with a heartbreakingly high price and a mind-meltingly soft touch. and while the latter is an inherent quality of the fabric, ... expand to read cashmere doesn't have to cost a fortune cashmere doesn't have to cost a fortune jackthreads share item & get $10* published on 10/20/2015 by emily singer by emily singer you likely know cashmere as something that comes with a heartbreakingly high price and a mind-meltingly soft touch. and while the latter is an inherent quality of the fabric, the former is such only because other guys make it so. the jackthreads cashmere series was created to make a luxuriously rich, warm sweater attainable and accessible for the everyday guy. with the same slim silhouette and sportswear-inspired details as the jackthreads daily sweater, jt cashmere builds visual and textural richness into any look, whether worn with sweatpants for five-star lounging, or dress pants for a refreshing take on workwear. we could charge twice as much for sweaters of this quality, but we’re not, because we believe that luxurious softness like this deserves to be worn, felt, and loved by as many guys as possible. jackthreads “but what makes cashmere so fancy in the first place?” you might be wondering. for starters, cashmere yarn is spun from individual hairs combed from the underbelly of mongolian cashmere goats. found in the grasslands of northern china, mongolia, and afghanistan, the goats’ hairs are collected during the spring molting season, when coarse, winter fleeces are shed, exposing fine underbelly hairs. after being collected by hand, the goat hair is cleaned, refined, baled, and spun into yarn. the labor-intensive process of refining cashmere fibers, and the fact that each goat is only able to produce small quantities of cashmere each year, is why cashmere yarns sell for an average of $114 per pound. jackthreads when it comes to cashmere quality, it’s worth noting that knit, not softness, is what you should focus on. the ultra-fine fibers allow for more tightly woven fabric, which insulates by trapping air eight times better than wool. two-ply cashmere yarns, like the ones used to make the jackthreads cashmere sweater, are both warmer and less prone to pilling as compared to single-ply yarns. and because value encompasses quality just as much as price and wearability, we've flexed our muscles to ensure that our manufacturer is up to snuff, choosing to work with a factory that has a global reputation for spinning and weaving the highest quality cashmere yarns available. jackthreads cut in the same styles as the jackthreads daily sweater, jt cashmere offers maximum versatility, made for daily use regardless of whether your day consists of never leaving your couch or a never-ending string of meetings. the 'dorito' detail, borrowed from vintage sweatshirts, keeps the sweater grounded and wearable, making it the embodiment of effortless, easy style. jackthreads our carefully selected range of colors, too, makes for easy pairing regardless of what else you’ve got on. more subdued than the color line-up of the daily sweater, our cashmere hues have been chosen for the way they capitalize on the fabric's rich, soft visual texture. but in order to keep your cashmere feeling soft, you've got to treat it right. that means dry cleaning or delicate hand laundering, and never ever hanging it: jackthreads / jake tieman jackthreads competitive quality at a price no one can touch. slip into jackthreads cashmere, in cardigan, v-neck, and crewneck, and improve your life fivefold. pants tailored slim, 2% stretch: secretly be comfortable while you look sharp. win-win. shirts have more fun getting dressed in the morning with printed shirts that pop. jeans premium denim that costs $200 is a rip-off. three fits, five washes, human prices. tees dress it up, dress it down. looks great, fits great. never wear any other tee again. accessories shorts xs s m l xl 2xl select size x small small medium large x large ⓧ xx large jackthreads the reverse shorts $49 color: grey heather size: xs jackthreads about jackthreads careers terms of use privacy policy jtedit customer service returns & exchanges shipping faq contact us gift cards international stay connected sign up for our email newsletter to be the first to know about special promotions and new product drops. sign up follow us follow @jackthreads copyright © 2009 - 2016 jackthreads - all rights reserved. filter: the new jt collection 366 items sort by newest pricelow — high pricehigh — low bestselling color white grey charcoal black brown navy blue green yellow khaki/tan orange red purple pink department change accessories clothing categories change blazers jeans outerwear pants shirts shorts sweaters sweatshirts tees & tanks categories change bags hats size one size size x small small medium large x large xx large 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 38 40 42 44 46 fit skinny slim straight brand jackthreads type casual dress type cardigan pullover type crew neck hoodie zip-up type jogger casual dress type tote type casual type casual dress vest type dress type henley crew neck v-neck hooded type beanie length above knee sleeve length short sleeve long sleeve fit slim skinny fit slim fit slim regular sleeve length long sleeve wash medium wash dark wash selvedge style solid plaid printed checked striped color block material cotton blend polyester neckline crew neck shawl collar v-neck style two-button material cotton fit slim regular material wool cotton blend polyester blend sleeve length short sleeve long sleeve 3/4 sleeve style solid graphic striped color block fit slim material cotton polyester rayon style solid printed material chino cotton wool cotton blend corduroy twill fly closure none zip style solid color block graphic material cotton cotton blend down nylon polyester wool blend material cotton flannel chambray oxford poplin style puffer parka peacoat / topcoat bomber military softshell material 100% cotton cotton blend 100% cashmere cashmere blend wool blend fabric type stretch non-stretch reset done how can we help you? select an option below to chat now. style tips need some style guidance? let one of our stylists guide you to new heights of handsomeness. general questions questions about orders, shipping, payment etc? chat with customer service and resolution will be yours. customer service software customer service software how can we help you? questions about orders, shipping, payments, etc? contact customer service and resolution will be yours. call: 1.800.636.jack email us cancel