来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181223045317/https://jackthreads.com/pages/faq
================================================================================

faq – jackthreads skip to content free shipping on orders over $80 new clothing all clothing summer session 2 for $30 sale tees + tanks crewneck v neck henley graphic tank top long sleeve shorts + swim shorts swim shirts short sleeve long sleeve dress pants slim skinny cargo athletic straight denim slim skinny taper suits sweatshirts crewneck hoodie zip up sweatpants jackets sweaters underwear + socks underwear socks sale shoes all shoes reebok timberland puma eastland sale sneakers boots oxfords accessories all accessories sale watches bags sunglasses hats wallets + belts home + grooming sale up to 90% off few + final tees + shirts denim + pants shorts + swim jackets gift cards 0 new clothing clothing all tees + tanks all crewneck v neck henley graphic tank top long sleeve shorts + swim all shorts swim shirts all short sleeve long sleeve formal pants all slim skinny athletic cargo straight denim all slim skinny suits sweatshirts all crewneck hoodie zip up sweatpants sweaters jackets underwear + socks all underwear socks sale 2 for $30 shoes shoes all sneakers boots oxfords sale accessories accessories all watches bags sunglasses hats wallets + belts home + grooming sale sale sale all few + final tees + shirts shorts + swim denim + pants jackets gift cards login / signup follow us on continue shopping your bag proceed to checkout checkout with: apple pay your bag is empty. go get some stuff. shipping policy return policy terms and conditions privacy policy return policy why can't i log in? with the relaunch of jackthreads, we were able to revive the brand, but unfortunately not our customers' account information. everyone (including us over at hq!) needs to create a brand new user account. this can totally be the same email and password as your old account, or you can use all new information. thankfully, this is a pretty quick and easy process but thanks for understanding! also, facebook login is coming soon! how do i unsubscribe from daily sales emails? to unsubscribe from daily sales emails, please click here, enter your email address and click unsubscribe button. **please note: unsubscribing will not deactivate your account. if you'd like to deactivate your account, please contact customer service. what is jackthreads? founded in 2008 in a bedroom in columbus, oh jackthreads has been motivated by the belief that what you buy is just as important as how you buy it. while it's been a roller coaster of a year, jackthreads is back in the hands of some of the original crew that made it special. we're focused on returning jackthreads to a place for cool clothes, footwear, and lifestyle gear--slightly offbeat from the traditional at reasonable prices. that's why we dug it, and that's what we're hard at work bringing it back. please excuse our appearance as we renovate, and know that limited quantities of new gear and exclusive drops will be hitting the site every day! how do i contact you? contact us anytime for any reason (well...maybe not any reason) questions about product and styling? site not performing properly? want to suggest new brands that you'd like to see us carry? and any feedback positive or negative, please don't hesitate to reach out! if you have a question about an order, please make sure to include your order number. will you give me a tracking number? of course! when your order ships you'll receive an automatic e-mail with a tracking number. the tracking number will also be viewable in the 'order details' of any order in your history by checking your account. we’ll always provide the tracking number as soon as your order ships, but it sometimes take up to 48 hours to populate in the shipping provider's system. when will my order ship? to check the status of your order, go to your account and click on 'view order details' under the order number. once your order ships, we’ll send a confirmation email that includes your tracking information. this tracking number will also be available in your account, so you can follow your order’s progress all the way to your doorstep. some saver shipping methods will even provide live updates to your order history, so be on the lookout! how do i check my order status? you can view your entire order history on your account page. here you'll see the most recent updates to pending orders along with additional order details. if your order has shipped, click on 'view order details' to find the associated tracking number. how can i determine when an item will ship before i order it? all orders ship from our warehouse within 1-2 business days from placing your order. please allow 3-7 days for delivery, depending on your delivery address. what shipping services do you offer and what is the transit time? currently, we only offer one shipping option: shipping services estimated delivery date saver shipping (surepost) (us) 3 to 7 business days after shipping* your shipping method and estimated delivery date will be determined when you enter your address at checkout. *orders with saver shipping will leave the warehouse after 1-2 business days. your delivery transit time will vary depending on your order's destination. if your package is being delivered to a rural area or to the western part of the u.s., you can expect your order to arrive towards the end of the estimated delivery date range. how will my order ship and how much will i be charged? we offer the following shipping options to customers within the u.s. at the following flat rates: free shipping for orders of $80 or more. $7.99 standard shipping for all orders less than $80. you can check the status of any order by visiting the order history section of your account. an email notification with tracking information will be sent to you when your order has shipped. can i get free shipping? yup! us customers automatically receive free standard shipping on all orders over $80.00. how do i add an item to my order or combine my orders? if you need to make any modifications to your order, we recommend reaching out to our customer service team immediately. you'll need to make an additional purchase for the item you'd like to add and a customer service associate will combine your orders. you can reach our associates via email at the contact us page. **please note: orders that have already been sent to our warehouse for packing and shipping cannot be canceled or modified. can i change the shipping address for one of my orders? as long as your order has not yet been processed by our warehouse, you can change the shipping address for your order. please contact customer service with your order number and we will adjust the ship-to address for you. the shipping provider's tracking page indicates that my package was delivered, but i don't have my order. what should i do? on occasion, the shipper may update your delivery status a day early in anticipation of its final delivery.  if you have not received a notice, or your package is still not delivered on the following business day, please check with members of your household, neighbors, apartment/office managers first to see if someone accepted the package for you. if you are still unable to locate your package, please feel free to contact the jackthreads customer service team here. does jackthreads ship to po boxes or apo/fpo address? yes. jackthreads will use usps to ship to these destinations. do you have international shipping? we currently ship only ship to the us but are planning to expand to more countries soon! we’re working hard to expand across the globe. let us know where we should ship next by contacting: hiagain@jackthreads.com why was my package shipped via ups then routed to the u.s. postal service? jackthreads uses a partnership formed by ups and the usps in order to pass on lower shipping costs to our customers. this shipping partnership uses the strengths of both shippers to deliver your order quickly and at the most affordable price. the final delivery of your package will be handled by your local post office. what is an undeliverable package? occasionally packages are returned back to our warehouse because the shipping provider has determined the package is undeliverable. when the carrier returns an undeliverable package to us, we automatically restock the items and issue a full refund (including shipping) back to the customer's original form of payment. **please note: if your package was returned to our warehouse as undeliverable, we will not be able to re-ship your package. tips to avoid having your package returned to sender: make sure your address is correct before you complete your purchase. enter information in the appropriate fields. address 1 (street address, p.o. box, company name, c / o) address 2 (apartment, suite, unit, building, floor, etc.) make sure your saved addresses have been entered correctly in your address book. and make sure you’ve selected the proper “primary" address. how do i change my stored shipping address? to change your stored shipping address(es), please log in to your jackthreads account and click here. how do i change my billing address? to change your stored billing address, or to add a new credit card, please log in to your jackthreads account and click here. i forgot my password. what do i do? with the relaunch of jackthreads, everyone will need to make a new account (even us at hq!) so don't worry if you cannot remember your old login information. if you forgot your password after creating a new account, click the “forgot password” button on the login page. you'll receive an email with instructions on how to reset your password within 24 hours. how do i change my password? you can update your password by logging in to your jackthreads account and clicking here. when do i get charged for my purchase? it may take 3-5 business days for the charge to appear on your credit/debit card statement. you may also see an initial pending transaction when you first place your order. this is simply to verify that your card is eligible. is it safe to use my credit card/debit card on jackthreads? yes, definitely. we take security very seriously and have put the necessary measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of any information under our control. all orders are transmitted over secure internet connections using ssl (secure sockets layer) encryption technology. can i use paypal? of course! simply connect your paypal account in the 'billing profile' section of your account settings page, or click "checkout with paypal" above your shipping address on the checkout page. how do i pay for my jackthreads purchase? we currently accept payment from visa, mastercard, american express, discover, and paypal. you can also save your billing information in your secure jackthreads account for quick and easy shopping. can i store multiple shipping addresses in my account? yes, you can store multiple shipping addresses in your account. please log in to your jackthreads account and click here to add a new address to your account. **please note: your “primary” address will always be your default shipping address. to override, choose another one at checkout. does jackthreads pay for return shipping? for us customers, we provide a return shipping label available for download in your jackthreads account once you file for a return. we will deduct $7.99 from your credit when we process your return. if you decide not to use the return label provided, we recommend that you use a shipping service with tracking and/or insurance, as this will provide you with recourse in the event that your package is lost or damaged in transit. jackthreads is not responsible for packages that are shipped by other methods. what is the jackthreads return policy? if you’ve ordered some items that you'd like to send back, you can find our full returns policy here. does jackthreads charge sales tax? jackthreads only charges sales tax to customers who reside in new york. it's required by law that we charge sales tax in states where we have a physical location. why was my credit/debit card declined? credit cards are declined for a variety of reasons, such as an incorrect billing address or insufficient funds to complete the desired purchase. if the billing address that you provide at checkout does not match the information from your financial institution, your order will likely be held for further review. when a credit card is declined, we do not necessarily receive any specific reasons explaining why. instead, we receive a general “declined” message from the financial institution, and no specifics are kept confidential. if your credit card is declined and you do not know why, we strongly suggest contacting your financial institution for more information. how long does it take to see my return credit in my account? once your package has been received by our warehouse, we will send you a confirmation email to let you know that it has arrived. once your refund has been processed, we will send a second email to let you know. you will also be able track the progress of your return in your account's return section. simply click on the rma number associated with your return to see if it is in transit, received by jackthreads, or if your refund has been processed. for any additional questions or comments, please contact customer service. **please note: we cannot apply a store credit to your account until the return has been processed by our team. once your return has been received by our warehouse, it may still take up to five business days for it to be processed. why is my item not appearing for return on my account page? there are a few reasons why an item you ordered may not be showing up in your returns section: unshipped orders will not appear here until they have shipped one or more of your items may have been purchased as 'final sale', which are not eligible for returns an item can only be returned within 30 days from when it was shipped, so the item you want to return may be outside the 30 day return window. if you still aren't sure why an item is not appearing in your return section, please contact customer service. i have an rma #, but i haven't sent the item back yet. what do i do? you can always reprint your rma return slip. head to the returns page, view your return, and you'll be able to print from there. what's the status of my return? you can track the progress of your return in your account's return section. simply click on the rma number associated with your return to see if it is in transit, received by jackthreads, or if your refund has been processed. note: we will send you a confirmation email when your return has been delivered to our warehouse, and once return has been successfully processed. for any additional questions or comments, please contact customer service. how do i make a return? head to the returns page and click "process a new return" in the upper right-hand corner. you will then be guided step-by-step through our quick and easy return process. once you have filed for a return, we will send you a confirmation email with your rma number. we will also send a confirmation email when your return has been received by our warehouse, and once your return has been successfully processed. how do i cancel my order? you can cancel an order yourself within 30 minutes of completing your purchase. simply look up your order history to find your order number, and contact customer service. **please note: orders that have already been sent to our warehouse for packing and shipping cannot be canceled or modified. will you accept my return late if it's delayed by weather-related issues? absolutely. as long as your return was postmarked before the 30 day deadline, or before january 31st if it falls under our holiday return policy, our warehouse will process your return normally once it arrives! customer service faq size chart return policy make a return privacy policy contact us afterpay discounts military first responder teacher stay connected sign up for our email newsletter to be the first to know about special promotions and new product drops. plus 10% off your first order. sign up follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram copyright © 2009 - 2017 jackthreads - all rights reserved. follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram faq size chart return policy make a return privacy policy contact us afterpay