来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231224013706/https://www.jackthreads.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy – jackthreads free shipping on orders over $90 | order by 12/15 to receive before christmas! refer a friend | give $10, get $10! customer service is live m-f 9am-5pm est skip to content best sellers apparel as colour tees graphics shop hoodies crewnecks tops pants shorts swimwear outerwear footwear all shoes sneakers sandals boots accessories bags sunglasses watches hats socks beanies holiday clearance 0 cart your cart is currently empty. keep shopping. your subtotal today is $-.--. taxes and shipping calculated at checkout. check out best sellers apparel apparel as colour tees graphics shop hoodies crewnecks tops pants shorts swimwear outerwear footwear footwear all shoes sneakers sandals boots accessories accessories bags sunglasses watches hats socks beanies holiday clearance register / login currency currency australia (aud $) austria (eur €) belgium (eur €) bulgaria (bgn лв.) canada (cad $) croatia (eur €) cyprus (eur €) czechia (czk kč) denmark (dkk kr.) estonia (eur €) finland (eur €) france (eur €) germany (eur €) greece (eur €) hungary (huf ft) ireland (eur €) italy (eur €) latvia (eur €) lithuania (eur €) luxembourg (eur €) malta (eur €) netherlands (eur €) new zealand (nzd $) poland (pln zł) portugal (eur €) romania (ron lei) slovakia (eur €) slovenia (eur €) spain (eur €) sweden (sek kr) united kingdom (gbp £) united states (usd $) privacy policy privacy policy last revised: march 3rd, 2023 this privacy policy describes how jt 2.0, llc, inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“jt 2.0, llc,” “we,” “us,” and/or “our”) handle personal data we collect online (e.g., through our websites) and offline (e.g., through customer support channels, our retail locations, podcasts, and in-person promotional activities) (collectively, the “services”). this privacy policy explains the types of personal data we collect and process, how we may use and share the data, and the choices that are available to you with respect to our handling of your data. information we collect directly from you we collect the information you provide directly to us, such as when you open an account, place an order, ask to receive emails, or interact with us on social media. the types of personal data we may collect directly from you include: contact information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number; account information, such as your username and password; billing information, such as credit card details and billing address; optional information you may choose to provide, such as your date of birth, gender, social handles, monogram order details; and any other information you choose to provide. information about your use of our services we collect information about your use of the services, such as the products you buy or express interest in. information we collect from other sources when you visit the services through a social network, we may collect information from the social network in accordance with your settings on the social network. if you interact with us on social media, we will collect information about those interactions. the information we may collect includes your name, picture, and email address. we may also collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to wholesalers, mailing list providers and publicly available sources, or friends that refer you to jt 2.0, llc. information we collect by automated means when you visit our sites, we collect certain information automatically. to collect this information, we may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. a “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor‘s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. a “web beacon,” also known as a pixel tag or clear gif, is used to transmit information back to a web server. we may also collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites. the information we collect automatically may include: urls that refer visitors to our websites; search terms used to reach our websites; details about the devices that are used to access our websites (such as ip address, browser information, device information, and operating system information); details about your interaction with our websites (such as the date, time, length of stay, and specific pages accessed during your visits to our websites, and which emails you may have opened); and usage information (such as the number and frequency of visitors to our websites). we may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (location data) the website uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via sms. the above excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties. we may associate this information with your jt 2.0, llc account if you have one, the device you use to connect to our services, or email or social media accounts that you use to engage with jt 2.0, llc. for more information about how we use cookies click see here jt 2.0, llc cookie policy effective: august 5, 2022 this privacy policy explains how we collect and use information from and about you when you visit our website, create an account with us, visit our retail locations, or otherwise interact with us. this policy explains more about how we use cookies and your choices concerning cookies. what are cookies? like most websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to remember things about you so that we can provide you with a better experience. cookies are small data files stored on your browser or device. they may be served by the entity that operates the website you are visiting (“first-party cookies”) or by other companies (“third-party cookies”). for example, we partner with third-party analytics providers, like google, which set cookies when you visit our websites. this helps us understand how you are using our services so that we can improve them. pixels are small images on a web page or in an email. pixels collect information about your browser or device and can set cookies. local storage allows data to be stored locally on your browser or device and includes html5 local storage and browser cache. how we use cookies we use cookies for a number of reasons, like helping us see which features are most popular, counting visitors to a page, improving our users’ experience, keeping our services secure, and generally providing you with a better experience. the cookies we use generally fall into one of the following categories. your choices you have a number of options to control or limit how we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies, including for advertising. although most browsers and devices accept cookies by default, their settings usually allow you to clear or decline cookies. if you disable cookies, however, some of the features of our services may not function properly. to prevent your data from being used by google analytics, you can install google’s opt-out browser add-on. for information on how our advertising partners allow you to opt out of receiving ads based on your web browsing history, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info/. european users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising through the european interactive digital advertising alliance. contact usif you have any questions about our use of cookies, please contact us at service@jackthreads.com or at: jt 2.0, llc, inc.p.o. box 361715columbus, oh 43236 advertising and analytics services provided by others we may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet and in mobile applications. these entities may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites and applications, including your ip address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. this information may be used by jt 2.0, llc and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. for more information about interest-based ads, or to opt-out of having your web browsing information used for interest-based advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. european users may opt-out of receiving targeted advertising through the european interactive digital advertising alliance. how we use your information we may use the information we collect to deliver the products you request, to maintain and customize your account and our interactions with you, and to provide, maintain, and improve our services. we also use the information we collect to: communicate with you about our services, including to tell you about products and services that may be of interest to you; respond to your requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions; facilitate your engagement with the services, including to enable you to post comments and reviews; offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions; conduct or administer surveys and other market research; and protect against, identify, investigate, and respond to fraud or other illegal activity. how we share your information we may share the information we collect: with service providers that perform services on our behalf, such as those that provide shipment and payment services, customer service, and marketing support; with select partners as a part of co-sponsored promotions; to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, protect and defend jt 2.0, llc’s rights or property, protect the safety of our customers and website users or the public, and protect against legal liability; in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; between and among jt 2.0, llc’s current and future parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and other companies under common control and ownership; and with your consent and at your direction. when you provide a product review or other user content, that content will be publicly posted. other users may be able to see your name or other information about you that you post. if you are in the united states, we may share information about you with select third parties so that they can communicate with you about products or services that may be of interest to you. if you prefer that we not share your information with such third parties, you may opt-out by emailing us at service@jackthreads.com analytics we may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our service. google analytics google analytics is a web analytics service offered by google that tracks and reports website traffic. google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our service. this data is shared with other google services. google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. you can opt-out of having made your activity on the service available to google analytics by installing the google analytics opt-out browser add-on. the add-on prevents the google analytics javascript (ga.js,analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with google analytics about visits activity. for more information on the privacy practices of google, please visit the google privacy & terms web page. behavioral remarketing jt 2.0, llc uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our service. we and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our service. google adwords google adwords remarketing service is provided by google inc. you can opt-out of google analytics for display advertising and customize the google display network ads by visiting the google ads settings page. google also recommends installing the google analytics opt-out browser add-on for your web browser. google analytics opt-out browser add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by google analytics. for more information on the privacy practices of google, please visit the google privacy & terms web page. facebook facebook remarketing service is provided by facebook inc. you can learn more about interest-based advertising from facebook by visiting this page. to opt-out from facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from facebook. facebook adheres to the self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising established by the digital advertising alliance. you can also opt-out from facebook and other participating companies through the digital advertising alliance in the usa, the digital advertising alliance of canada in canada or the european interactive digital advertising alliance in europe, or opt-out using your mobile device settings. for more information on the privacy practices of facebook, please visit facebook's data policy. shopify apps apps are provided by shopify, inc. as free and premium plug-ins to extend the functionality of our services.  each has its own privacy policy that you can reference directly through their corresponding sites. payments we may provide paid products and/or services within the service. in that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors) including shopify pay, quadpay, and others. we will not store or collect your payment card details. that information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their privacy policy. these payment processors adhere to the standards set by pci-dss as managed by the pci security standards council, which is a joint effort of brands like visa, mastercard, american express and discover. pci-dss requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information. links to other sites our service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit. we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. your rights and choices managing or deleting your jt 2.0, llc account you may review, update, or modify your account information, including profile and contact information, at any time by logging into your jt 2.0, llc account. you may delete your jt 2.0, llc account by emailing service@jackthreads.com opting out of email marketing you may unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time by following the instructions included in those emails. if you opt-out of receiving such communications, note that we may continue to send you non-promotional emails (such as order confirmation emails or emails about changes to our legal terms). restricting cookies most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our websites. children our services are not designed for children and do not knowingly collect personal data from children. if you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to us, please email us at service@jackthreads.com, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. european residents if you are a european resident, defined for the purposes of this privacy policy to include residents of the european economic area and switzerland, you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal data. legal basis for processing if you are a european resident, we process your personal data when: we need to use your personal data to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., processing payments for and providing the jt 2.0, llc products you have ordered). we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data. for example, we may process your personal data to send you marketing communications and to provide, secure, and improve our services. we have your consent to do so. data subject requests if you are a european resident, you have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data be corrected, updated, or erased. you may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing. if you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may contact us as indicated below. if you have a jt 2.0, llc account, you may also review, update, and delete certain personal data by logging into your account. questions or complaints if you are a european resident and have a concern about our practices concerning the processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside. for contact details of your relevant local data protection authority, please see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm, or if you are a resident of switzerland, https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/ links to other websites and third-party content we may provide links to third-party websites, services, and applications, such as facebook, that are not operated or controlled by jt 2.0, llc. this privacy policy does not apply to third-party services, and we cannot take responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of third-party services. we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party service before providing any information to or through them. the services may include an activity feed, social media buttons, and widgets, such as the facebook "like" button or the "share this" button. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the third-party service that provides the feature. data retention our retention periods for personal data are based on business needs and legal requirements. we retain personal data for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which the data was collected, and any other permissible, related purpose. for example, we may retain certain transaction details and correspondence until the time limit for claims arising from the transaction has expired. data transfers your information, including personal data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. if you are located outside the united states and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including personal data, to the united states and process it there. your consent to this privacy policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. jt 2.0, llc will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and no transfer of your personal data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. changes to our privacy policy we may change this privacy policy from time to time. if we do so, we will post the updated policy on our sites and will indicate when the privacy policy was last revised. if we make any material changes, we will provide you with additional notice. you should periodically review our current privacy policy to stay informed of our personal data practices. california privacy rights california law permits residents of california to request notice of how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes or to opt-out of such sharing. if you are a california resident and would like a copy of this notice or to opt-out, please submit a written request to the following address: jt 2.0, llc, inc., p.o. box 361715, columbus, oh 43236 attn: legal, or by emailing us at service@jackthreads.com additionally, if you are a california resident, the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) requires us to disclose the following information with respect to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal data. categories of personal data collected: in the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers; commercial information; demographic information (note that some demographic information may be considered characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law); internet or electronic network activity; geolocation data; audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information; inferences; and other categories of personal data that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. for examples of the precise data points we collect, please see “information we collect” above. business or commercial purpose for collecting and using data: we collect each category of personal data listed above for the business or commercial purposes described in the “how we use your information” section above. categories of sources of personal data: we collect each category of personal data listed above from you and the third-party sources described in the “information we collect from other sources” section above. categories of personal data disclosed: in the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal data for business or commercial purposes: identifiers; commercial information; demographic information (note that some demographic information may be considered characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law); internet and electronic network activity; geolocation data; audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information; inferences; and other categories of personal data that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. categories of third parties with whom we share personal data: we may share each category of personal data listed above with the third parties as described in the “how we share your information” section above. your consumer rights california consumers have the right to request access to their personal data, additional details about our information practices and deletion of their personal data (subject to certain exceptions). california consumers also have the right to opt out of sales of personal data, if applicable. we describe how california consumers can exercise their rights under the ccpa below. please note that you may designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf by providing a notarized power of attorney evidencing that you have empowered the authorized agent to exercise your ccpa rights on your behalf. we will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights under the ccpa. right to know: you may request access to the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the last 12 months. you may also request additional details about our information practices, including the categories of personal information we have collected, the sources of collection, the purpose for collecting information, the categories of information we share, and the categories of third parties with whom we share information. you may make an access request by contacting us at p.o. box 361715, columbus, oh 43236. attn: legal, or by emailing us at service@jackthreads.com  we will verify your request by contacting you after receiving your request to verify your identity. deletion: you may request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you (subject to certain exceptions). please note that we may retain certain information as required or permitted by applicable law. you may make these requests by emailing service@jackthreads.com.  we will verify your request by contacting you after receiving your request to verify your identity. if you request to delete your personal data, certain of our products and services may no longer be available to you. no sale of personal data jt 2.0, llc. does not and will not sell personal data as the term “sell” is defined by the ccpa. contacting jt 2.0, llc. if you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy or would like to update your preferences or information we have about you, please contact us at the information provided below. we will take reasonable steps to respond to your request. jt 2.0, llc.p.o. box 361715columbus, oh 43236service@jackthreads.com company our story size chart start a return referral program join our sms updates! help center contact us privacy accessibility terms about us since 2008, jackthreads is an online only lifestyle shopping destination offering curated gear for guys at members only prices. currency currency finland (eur €) australia (aud $) austria (eur €) belgium (eur €) bulgaria (bgn лв.) canada (cad $) croatia (eur €) cyprus (eur €) czechia (czk kč) denmark (dkk kr.) estonia (eur €) finland (eur €) france (eur €) germany (eur €) greece (eur €) hungary (huf ft) ireland (eur €) italy (eur €) latvia (eur €) lithuania (eur €) luxembourg (eur €) malta (eur €) netherlands (eur €) new zealand (nzd $) poland (pln zł) portugal (eur €) romania (ron lei) slovakia (eur €) slovenia (eur €) spain (eur €) sweden (sek kr) united kingdom (gbp £) united states (usd $) join our mailing list sign up and get first dibs on new drops, sales, exclusive content, and more. email address currency finland (eur €) australia (aud $) austria (eur €) belgium (eur €) bulgaria (bgn лв.) canada (cad $) croatia (eur €) cyprus (eur €) czechia (czk kč) denmark (dkk kr.) estonia (eur €) finland (eur €) france (eur €) germany (eur €) greece (eur €) hungary (huf ft) ireland (eur €) italy (eur €) latvia (eur €) lithuania (eur €) luxembourg (eur €) malta (eur €) netherlands (eur €) new zealand (nzd $) poland (pln zł) portugal (eur €) romania (ron lei) slovakia (eur €) slovenia (eur €) spain (eur €) sweden (sek kr) united kingdom (gbp £) united states (usd $) copyright © 2023, jackthreads. availability close