来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231224013706/https://www.jackthreads.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
================================================================================

terms and conditions – jackthreads free shipping on orders over $90 | order by 12/15 to receive before christmas! refer a friend | give $10, get $10! customer service is live m-f 9am-5pm est skip to content best sellers apparel as colour tees graphics shop hoodies crewnecks tops pants shorts swimwear outerwear footwear all shoes sneakers sandals boots accessories bags sunglasses watches hats socks beanies holiday clearance 0 cart your cart is currently empty. keep shopping. your subtotal today is $-.--. taxes and shipping calculated at checkout. check out best sellers apparel apparel as colour tees graphics shop hoodies crewnecks tops pants shorts swimwear outerwear footwear footwear all shoes sneakers sandals boots accessories accessories bags sunglasses watches hats socks beanies holiday clearance register / login currency currency australia (aud $) austria (eur €) belgium (eur €) bulgaria (bgn лв.) canada (cad $) croatia (eur €) cyprus (eur €) czechia (czk kč) denmark (dkk kr.) estonia (eur €) finland (eur €) france (eur €) germany (eur €) greece (eur €) hungary (huf ft) ireland (eur €) italy (eur €) latvia (eur €) lithuania (eur €) luxembourg (eur €) malta (eur €) netherlands (eur €) new zealand (nzd $) poland (pln zł) portugal (eur €) romania (ron lei) slovakia (eur €) slovenia (eur €) spain (eur €) sweden (sek kr) united kingdom (gbp £) united states (usd $) terms and conditions terms of use welcome to jt 2.0, llc and our terms of use (the “agreement”). this agreement is important and contains terms and conditions that affect your legal rights, so please read it carefully. if you reside outside the united states, additional terms and conditions may be applicable to you that either supplement or replace certain provisions in this agreement. by accessing or using the websites or blogs (collectively, the “site”) provided by jt 2.0, llc, inc. or our subsidiaries or affiliates (herein referred to as “jt 2.0, llc,” “we,” “us” or “our”), including, without limitation, www.jackthreads.com, pursuant to which we offer lifestyle and make available our unique home products or other products for purchase (the “products”) (collectively, with the site, the “services”), you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained in this agreement and all other terms incorporated herein by reference. some of the services may be subject to additional terms and conditions we specify from time to time; your use of such services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into this agreement by reference. this agreement applies to all users of the site. by visiting the site, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in the agreement. we may modify the agreement from time to time and your continued use of this site (or any of our other sites) following such change shall signify your agreement to be bound by the modified agreement. those persons wishing to use our services must read and agree to be bound by our policies relating to those services. in particular, we draw your attention to our policies relating to the terms of purchase and our privacy policy. please read the agreement and check back often. if you do not agree to any change to the agreement, then you must immediately stop using the site. arbitration notice and class action waiver: except for certain types of disputes described in the arbitration section below or where prohibited by applicable law, you agree that disputes between you and us will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration and you waive your right to participate in a class action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration. privacy policy 1.1 please refer to our privacy policy (link to privacy policy) for information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process information about you. eligibility 2.1 if you are below the age of consent under applicable law in the country in which you reside, then your parent or legal guardian must read and accept this agreement in your name and on your behalf. 2.2 you represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. if you are under age 13, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, use the site. we may, in our sole discretion, refuse to offer the services to any person or entity and change our eligibility criteria at any time. 2.3 we continually test new features, functionalities, services, user interfaces and products that we are considering incorporating into or providing through our site. we reserve the right to include or exclude you from these tests without notice. 2.4 you are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the services complies with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to you. if the applicable law in the country in which you reside requires that you must be older than 13 to receive certain services, then the minimum age is the legally required one. if you are a minor, you may wish to consult your parents about what portions of the services are appropriate for you. the right to access the site is revoked where this agreement or use of the site is prohibited or to the extent offering, sale or provision of the services conflicts with any applicable law, rule or regulation. registration 3.1 you may register for an account on the site (an "account"). to use certain portions of the site, you are not required to sign up for an account. however, certain features of the site, such as accessing your order history, require you to register for an account. you must provide accurate and complete information and keep your account information updated. you are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and for keeping your account password secure. you may never use another person's account or registration information for the site without permission. you must notify us immediately of any change in your eligibility to use the site, breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. you should never publish, distribute or post login information for your account. you have the ability to delete your account at any time, as described in our privacy policy (link to privacy policy). use of the site 4.1 the site contains material, including but not limited to software, text, graphics and images (collectively referred to as the “content”). we may own the content, or portions of the content may be made available to us through arrangements that we have with third parties. we do not guarantee that any content you access on or through the site is or will continue to be accurate. the content is protected by united states and foreign intellectual property laws. unauthorized use of the content may result in the violation of copyright, trademark, and other laws. you have no rights in or to the content, and you will not use, copy or display the content, including but not limited to use of framing or mirrors, except as permitted under this agreement. no other use is permitted without our prior written consent. you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original content on any copy you make of the content. you may not sell, transfer, assign, license, sublicense, or modify the content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, make a derivative version of, distribute, or otherwise use the content in any way for any public or commercial purpose. the use or posting of any of the content on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited. if you violate any part of this agreement, your right to access and/or use the content and site shall automatically terminate and you shall immediately destroy any copies you have made of the content. 4.2 the trademarks, service marks, and logos of jt 2.0, llc (the “jt 2.0, llc trademarks”) used and displayed in connection with the services are registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of jt 2.0, llc. other company, product, and service names located on the site or otherwise used in connection with the services may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties (the “third party trademarks”, and, collectively with the jt 2.0, llc trademarks, the “trademarks”). nothing on the site, in the services or in this agreement should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the site or otherwise used in connection with the services without our prior written consent specific for each such use. the trademarks may not be used to disparage us or any applicable third party, our or the applicable third party’s products or services, or in any manner (using commercially reasonable judgment) that may damage any goodwill in the trademarks. use of any jt 2.0, llc trademarks as part of a link to or from any website is prohibited without our prior written consent. all goodwill generated from the use of any jt 2.0, llc trademark shall inure to our benefit. third party sites 5.1 the site may contain hyperlinks to third party websites, services or other resources on the internet, including but not limited to our sponsors and facebook, and other websites, services or resources may contain links to the site (“external sites”). these links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us of the content on such external sites. the content of such external sites is developed and provided by others. you should contact the site administrator for those external sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or any content located on such external sites. we are not responsible for the content of any linked external sites and do not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of any materials on such external sites. you should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect your computer from viruses and other destructive programs. if you decide to access any external sites, you do so at your own risk. you acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on or through any external sites. 5.2 you may visit the site via various online third party services, such as social media and social networking services like facebook or twitter (“social networking services”). please remember that the manner in which social networking services use, store and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of such social networking services, and we shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third party site or service that may be enabled on or offered through the site. in addition, we are not responsible for the accuracy, availability or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice or statements made available in connection with social networking services. as such, we are not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such social networking services. we enable these features merely as a convenience and the integration or inclusion of such features does not imply an endorsement or recommendation. 5.3 we may participate in affiliate marketing and may allow affiliate links to be encoded on some of our pages. this means that we may earn a commission if/when you click on or make purchases via affiliate links. user content 6.1 with respect to the photos (as defined below), submissions (as defined below), and any content or other materials you provide to or upload through the site or share with other site users or recipients (collectively, “user content”), you represent and warrant that you own all right, title and interest in and to such user content, including, without limitation, all copyrights and rights of publicity contained therein, and that all user content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. you shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) take any action or upload, post, or otherwise distribute any user content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any other person or entity or violates any law or contractual duty. you shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) take any action or upload, post, or otherwise distribute any user content that you know if false, misleading, untruthful or inaccurate, or is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, offensive, profane, contains or depicts nudity, contains or depicts sexual activity, or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by us in our sole discretion. 6.2 the site may pull content from our users who share photos and videos on instagram using our brand username or hashtags, including, without limitation, tagging the @jackthreads (collectively, “photos”). you acknowledge and agree that the photos may be used in jt 2.0, llc’s retail locations and emails and on the site, and you hereby grant us permission to use and authorize others to use your name or social media handle in association with the photos for identification, publicity related to the services and similar promotional purposes, including after the termination of your account or the services. you represent and warrant that the posting and use of your photos, including to the extent such photos include your name, username, likeness, voice, or photograph, does not violate, misappropriate or infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark and other intellectual property rights. 6.3 by uploading any user content you hereby grant and will grant jt 2.0, llc and its affiliated companies, successors and assigns a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid up, transferable, sub-licensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to reproduce, adapt, publish, create derivative works from, copy, display, upload, publicly perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your user content and any name, username, likeness, voice or photograph provided in connection with your user content, without compensation to you, in connection with the operation of the site or the promotion, advertising or marketing of the services, in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed, and including after your termination of your account or the services. for clarity, the foregoing license does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your user content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your user content, unless otherwise agreed in writing. you represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights. 6.4 except where prohibited by applicable law, by submitting user content through the site, you are waiving and agreeing not to assert any copyrights or “moral” rights or claim resulting from our alteration of the user content or any photos, submissions, photograph(s), footage, illustrations, statements or other work contained in the user content. you are also agreeing to appoint jt 2.0, llc as your irrevocable attorney-in-fact with respect to the user content, with the right to execute and deliver any documents, in your name and on your behalf, to ensure that we can use the user content that you are licensing in any way we see fit, own and protect the rights in any derivative works created from your user content, and have the user content removed from any other website or forum. 6.5 you acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the services (collectively, “submissions”) that you provide to us are non-confidential and we will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without your acknowledgment or compensation to you. 6.6 you acknowledge and agree that we may preserve user content and may also disclose user content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce this agreement; (c) respond to claims that any user content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of jt 2.0, llc, our users and the public. you understand that the technical processing and transmission of the site, including your user content, may involve (i) transmissions over various networks; and (ii) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. ip infringement 7.1 we respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you should notify us of your infringement claim in accordance with the procedure set forth below. we will process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”) and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement. a notification of claimed copyright infringement should be emailed to jt 2.0, llc’s copyright agent at service@jackthreads.com (subject line: “takedown request”). you may also contact us by mail at: p.o. box 361715, columbus, oh 43236. 7.2 to be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site, with enough detail that we may find it on the site; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf. 7.3 if you believe that your user content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to upload and use the content in your user content, you may send a written counter-notice containing the following information to the copyright agent: your physical or electronic signature; identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled; a statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court located within ohio, ohio and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. 7.4 if a counter-notice is received by the copyright agent, we will send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it within ten (10) business days. unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our sole discretion. 7.5 in accordance with the dmca and other applicable law, we have adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. we may also at our sole discretion limit access to the site and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. payments; ordering & availability; billing 8.1 you agree to provide accurate and up-to-date payment information at the time you order any product. we have contracted with a third-party payment processor to facilitate purchases made on the site. when you make a purchase through the site, you will provide your payment details and any additional information required to complete your order directly to our third-party payment processor. you should be aware that online payment transactions are subject to validation checks by our payment processor and your card issuer and we are not responsible if your card issuer declines to authorize payment for any reason. for your protection, our payment processor uses various fraud prevention protocols and industry standard verification systems to reduce fraud and you authorize it to verify and authenticate your payment information. please note, it is possible that your card issuer may charge you an online handling fee or processing fee. we are not responsible for this. in some jurisdictions, our payment processor may use third parties under strict confidentiality and data protection requirements for the purposes of payment processing services. disclaimer of warranties and no guarantee 9.1 all content and services on this site are provided on an "as is" basis with no warranty of any kind. to the maximum extent permitted by law, lively disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, with respect to such content, whether provided or owned by intimates online or by any third party, including but not limited to: warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, freedom from computer virus, and implied warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. in addition, lively does not represent or warrant that the content accessible via this site is accurate, complete, or current, and you may not rely on the content accessible via this site. indemnification 10.1 to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the jt 2.0, llc parties from and against any claims, actions or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting from your breach of this agreement, any user content or feedback you provide, or your access to, use or misuse of the content or the services. we shall provide notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceeding that triggers this indemnification obligation, and you agree to do the same by writing to the jt 2.0, llc legal department at service@jackthreads.com. we reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this section. in such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting our defense of such matter. arbitration clause and class action waiver—important—please review as this affects your legal rights. please read the following section carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with jt 2.0, llc and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us, unless you opt out of arbitration by following the instructions set forth below. no class or representative actions or arbitrations are allowed under this arbitration agreement. in addition, arbitration precludes you from suing in court or having a jury trial. 11.1 you and jt 2.0, llc agree that any dispute arising out of or related to this agreement or our services is personal to you and jt 2.0, llc and that any dispute will be resolved solely through individual action, and will not be brought as a class arbitration, class action or any other type of representative proceeding. 11.2 except for small claims disputes in which you or jt 2.0, llc seeks to bring an individual action in small claims court located in the county of your billing address or disputes in which you or jt 2.0, llc seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of intellectual property, you and jt 2.0, llc waive your rights to a jury trial and to have any dispute arising out of or related to this agreement or our services resolved in court. instead, for any dispute or claim that you have against jt 2.0, llc or relating in any way to the services, you agree to first contact jt 2.0, llc and attempt to resolve the claim informally by sending a written notice of your claim (“notice”) to jt 2.0, llc by email at service@jackthreads.com or by certified mail addressed to jt 2.0, llc legal department, p.o. box 361715, columbus, oh 43236. the notice must (a) include your name, residence address, email address, and telephone number; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. our notice to you will be similar in form to that described above. if you and jt 2.0, llc cannot reach an agreement to resolve the claim within thirty (30) days after such notice is received, then either party may submit the dispute to binding arbitration administered.  if we are unable to resolve a dispute by negotiation, you agree that disputes must be resolved through binding arbitration rather than by a court, provided that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. the federal arbitration act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. there is no judge or jury in arbitration and court review of an arbitration award is limited. it is important that you understand that the arbitrator's decision will be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. to begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to us at service@jackthreads.com with “arbitration request” in the subject line. the arbitration will be conducted by the american arbitration association (“aaa”) under its rules, including the aaa's supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes. the aaa's rules are available at www.adr.org. payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the aaa's rules. we will not reimburse fees for claims. likewise, we will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. you may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location. you agree to arbitrate with jt 2.0, llc only in your individual capacity and not as a representative or member of a class or in any consolidated or representative proceeding. as such, your claims may not be joined with any other claims and there shall be no authority for any dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or brought by a purported class representative.  no arbitration or proceeding can be combined with another without the prior written consent of all parties to the arbitration or proceeding.  if the class action waiver is found illegal or unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute, those parts will be severed and proceed in a court of law, with the remaining parts proceeding in arbitration. for certain claims, like violations of these terms of use or breaches of intellectual property covenants, we reserve the right to seek injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction. all arbitrations shall be initiated in franklin county, ohio. termination 12.1 we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate this agreement and your access to all or any part of the site or the content at any time and for any reason (including if we believe that you have engaged in any suspected fraudulent or abusive activity, or violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this agreement) without prior notice or liability, including the right to reject any order you place for the purchase of products, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your account. we reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the services or the content at any time without prior notice or liability. all provisions of this agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, licenses of user content, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, limitations of liability, class action waivers and arbitration. user must comply with applicable laws 13.1 you are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction and for abiding by all applicable local, state, provincial, national and international laws and regulations. 13.2 the united states controls the export of products and information. you expressly agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export any of the content to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws. by downloading the content, you are expressly agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited or are a person or entity for which such export is prohibited. you are solely responsible for compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the content. transfer and processing of personal data 14.1 in order for us to provide the services, you agree that we may process, transfer and store information about you in the united states and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law. u.s. government restricted rights 15.1 the content is provided with “restricted rights.” use, duplication, or disclosure by the government is subject to the restrictions contained in 48 cfr 52.227-19 and 48 cfr 252.227-7013 et seq. or its successor. use of the services or content by the government constitutes acknowledgment of our proprietary rights in the services and content. miscellaneous 16.1 this agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of ohio, without respect to its conflict of laws provisions. any dispute between you and jt 2.0, llc that is not subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court will be resolved in state and federal courts sitting in the city of ohio in the state of ohio. if any provision of this agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. our failure to act on or enforce any provision of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in this agreement. no waiver shall be effective against us unless made in writing, and no such waiver shall be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance. we shall not be liable for any failure to perform our obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation. any information you submit to or provide through the site might be publicly accessible, and you should protect important and private information. we are not liable for protection of privacy of email or other information transferred through the internet or any other network that you may use. 16.2 except as expressly agreed by us and you, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between us and you with respect to the subject matter. the section headings are provided merely for convenience and shall not be given any legal import. this agreement is personal to you and is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with our prior written consent. this agreement will inure to the benefit of our successors, assigns, licensees, and sublicensees. no agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of this agreement and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect. unless otherwise specified in this agreement, all notices under this agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service. electronic notices should be sent to service@jackthreads.com. 16.3 jt 2.0, llc, inc. is an ohio corporation with its headquarters at 638 e. 5th avenue, columbus, oh 43201. you may contact us at the following address: p.o. box 361715, columbus, oh 43236, or at the following email address: service@jackthreads.com company our story size chart start a return referral program join our sms updates! help center contact us privacy accessibility terms about us since 2008, jackthreads is an online only lifestyle shopping destination offering curated gear for guys at members only prices. currency currency finland (eur €) australia (aud $) austria (eur €) belgium (eur €) bulgaria (bgn лв.) canada (cad $) croatia (eur €) cyprus (eur €) czechia (czk kč) denmark (dkk kr.) estonia (eur €) finland (eur €) france (eur €) germany (eur €) greece (eur €) hungary (huf ft) ireland (eur €) italy (eur €) latvia (eur €) lithuania (eur €) luxembourg (eur €) malta (eur €) netherlands (eur €) new zealand (nzd $) poland (pln zł) portugal (eur €) romania (ron lei) slovakia (eur €) slovenia (eur €) spain (eur €) sweden (sek kr) united kingdom (gbp £) united states (usd $) join our mailing list sign up and get first dibs on new drops, sales, exclusive content, and more. email address currency finland (eur €) australia (aud $) austria (eur €) belgium (eur €) bulgaria (bgn лв.) canada (cad $) croatia (eur €) cyprus (eur €) czechia (czk kč) denmark (dkk kr.) estonia (eur €) finland (eur €) france (eur €) germany (eur €) greece (eur €) hungary (huf ft) ireland (eur €) italy (eur €) latvia (eur €) lithuania (eur €) luxembourg (eur €) malta (eur €) netherlands (eur €) new zealand (nzd $) poland (pln zł) portugal (eur €) romania (ron lei) slovakia (eur €) slovenia (eur €) spain (eur €) sweden (sek kr) united kingdom (gbp £) united states (usd $) copyright © 2023, jackthreads. availability close