来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111229063742/http://www.actionenvelope.com/ae/control/privacy
================================================================================

privacy & security - actionenvelope.com view cart | checkout call  1-800-653-1705 or click to chat customer service order status home envelopes styles business envelopes social & invitation shipping & packaging most popular new arrivals ways to shop shop by color shop by collection shop by size shop by use featured services printed express shop made-to-order envelopes envelope printing service high volume direct mail shops holiday shop wedding shop recycled shop paper mill shop paper paper & more 8 1/2 x 11 paper 8 1/2 x 11 cardstock presentation folders new arrivals invitations notecards pockets petals tags shops the holiday shop the recycled shop the paper mill shop the wedding shop print services high quality offset printing - over 200,000 satisfied customers learn more about our envelope printing services my account reorder center search home :: customer service :: privacy policy customer service home contact us map & directions faqs postal information ordering information shipping policy returns & exchanges payment methods product samples privacy policy safe shopping terms & conditions printing help how it works production time design options artwork specifications guidelines & limitations reviewing your proof reordering product templates discount programs trade discounts loyalty discounts special programs schools & government privacy policy at action envelope, we are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring the security of the information you submit to us. we want your use of the action envelope web site, and the services we offer, to be productive and safe. action envelope's privacy policy illustrates our commitment to your privacy and security. when you register at action envelope, we request your name, e-mail address, phone number, postal address, zip code, state, and country. we use this data to manage registrations, and, when you place an order, to contact you about your order and to print your return address on action envelope envelopes. we may use your e-mail address, mailing address and/or phone number to contact you regarding new product offerings and other aspects of your use of the action envelope web site. if, however, you do not wish to receive such communications, you have the ability to "opt-out" at any time. in order to take payment for your order, we collect credit card information. to maintain the highest level of security, your credit card information is encrypted using secure sockets layer (ssl) technology. ssl is secure server software that protects against any unauthorized access. action envelope uses your credit card information for the sole purpose of accepting payment for your order. from time to time, we may ask you to answer surveys regarding current or future action envelope products. participation in these surveys is always optional. survey responses are only used in the aggregate, and are never linked to an individual. while our survey data is primarily for use within action envelope only, we may occasionally share the aggregate survey data with our development partners (e.g. web design, advertising and marketing agencies) in order to facilitate new product development. we may occasionally have a special relationship with another company, an entity that we think of as a marketing partner. by this we mean that a portion or version of our web site is integrated into our partner's web site or is integrated with our partner's content or branding. in such a circumstance, because we are jointly presenting our web site with our partner, and because the partner is referring customers to action envelope, we may agree to share information with the partner as part of our formal contract with that partner, including confidentiality and use obligations and restrictions regarding how the partner may use the information. in these instances where action envelope and a partner jointly promote action envelope's services, action envelope may provide the partner certain personal information, such as the name, address, and username as a result of the joint promotion of action envelope. we only share this information for users coming to action envelope from a partner web site. again, at the point of registration, you have the option to "opt-out" of receiving e-mails or promotional materials. if you have linked to action envelope through a marketing partner as described here, the web page you view will be co-branded with the marketing partner. if you would like information about the information use and practices of a marketing partner, action envelope recommends that you view the policy of the marketing partner. tracking information like most every web site, the action envelope web site records certain tracing information any time someone visits the site. for every web page that is viewed, our web server records an ip address, the operating system, browser version and the name of the page that was viewed. this information is not linked to any specific user and is used in the aggregate to maintain and improve the action envelope web site. cookies a cookie is a small piece of information that is stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. action envelope uses cookies to track your order process without having to re-verify your password on each page of the site. rather than storing this information on action envelope's server, the cookie is stored in your computer and is activated only when you visit the action envelope site. your privacy and security are not compromised when you accept a cookie from the action envelope web site. no one can access the information except action envelope. links to other sites our web site contains links to sites developed by other companies and organizations. please be aware that these sites' privacy policies may differ from ours. "opt out" policy by default, we do not send action envelope users any unsolicited e-mail. we only send notifications of product updates, etc., if a user has specifically requested this information. the choice of whether or not to receive these notifications can be changed at any time by sending an e-mail to service@actionenvelope.com. updating your information all of your personal information can be corrected or updated at any time by visiting the "my account" section of the action envelope site. action envelope website security the action envelope web site uses secure sockets layer (ssl) to encrypt the transfer of sensitive information, such as your account password and billing information, from your web browser to our web server. the same ssl protocol also acts to authenticate the www.actionenvelope.com site and prevent unauthorized "hackers" from masquerading as the action envelope site. this is accomplished through a "digital certificate", which is an unforgeable electronic "identity card". if another website attempts to falsely identify itself as www.actionenvelope.com, your web browser will display a warning indicating that there is a problem with the digital certificate for www.actionenvelope.com. do not log in to the action envelope site if you see any such warning. how you can help keep your information secure the most important step you can take to keep your information secure is to keep your password secure. do not give your password to other people and avoid choosing "easily guessed" passwords (e.g. any single word in the dictionary, proper names of people and places easily associated with you, etc.). change your password immediately if you suspect someone has been accessing your account without your permission (click on the "profile" section of the action envelope web site after logging in). if for any reason you suspect a security violation has occurred, please immediately send an e-mail to service@actionenvelope.com with a description of the situation. your consent in addition to the circumstances described above, action envelope may disclose or release information when we, in good faith, believe that doing so is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with the law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements, or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of action envelope, our users, or others. by using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by action envelope as described in this privacy policy. if we decide to change our policy, we will post those changes here so you will always know what information we gather, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. if you have any questions regarding action envelope's privacy policy and practices, please direct them to the action envelope support team. aggregate when a site states that they collect information in the aggregate, they mean for summary purposes only. for example, sites that collect ip addresses "in the aggregate" do so to answer such questions as: "how many people from america online visited our site last week?" ip address when you are connected to the internet, your computer has a unique internet id called an ip address. most people that connect through a dial-up service, such as america online, get a different ip address each time they login. others logging in from work or school might have a permanently assigned ip address, called a static ip address. it is difficult or impossible for a web site to collect personal information about you (i.e., your name, e-mail address, etc.) from your ip address alone, although a static ip address can be used to identify a little bit more about you (i.e. your company name, or university name). ssl (secure sockets layer) ssl is a communication protocol that accomplishes two things: it allows your web browser to verify that a web site you're visiting is actually the site that you think it is (and not some site posing as another). it lets your web browser and a web server communicate with each other (i.e. pass web pages back and forth) in a completely secure fashion through the use of very strong encryption techniques. this encrypted communication makes it impossible for anyone else to see any information passed between your web browser and our web server. customer service our mailing address: action envelope 5300 new horizons blvd. amityville, ny 11701 tel 800-653-1705 fax 631-693-1175 e-mail contact form map & directions ordering - track your order status - returns & exchanges customer service about us contact us shipping policy returns & exchanges samples trade discount loyalty discount faq news & press affiliates ways to shop shop by color shop by collection shop by size shop by use specialty shops recycled envelopes peel & seal® shop printing express shop paper mill shop holiday shop wedding shop made-to-order envelopes popular searches envelope printing how it works express shop artwork specs production time customer envelope gallery inside action envelope twitter facebook blog: cool dry place tools postal information center my account reorder center check order status view order history upload files review your proof manage profile manage email preferences call 1-800-653-1705 or click to chat action envelope is the leading supplier of plain and printed envelopes in all sizes, styles and colors, to businesses, organizations, and individuals.© 2011. all rights reserved. action envelope is 100% safe & secure terms & conditions privacy policy subscribe to messages from envelopes.com enter your email address and preferences below, so we can keep it real! when you are done click send. e-mail address* first name preferred message format prefer html messages prefer plain text messages use* business personal email frequency* 2 times per week 1 time per week 1-2 times per month industry* advertising apparel banking civil service computers construction e-commerce entertainment & media event planning florist food & beverage government graphic design greeting card/stationery design homemaker in-house printing legal marketing medical non-profit non-profit-religious affiliation photography real estate retail student travel & tourism website design wholesale other select an industry preferred time of day morning afternoon evening anytime interests (check all that apply) brand specific paper bubble mailers cardstock color lined envelopes eco-friendly fashion colors full bleed printing hard to find envelopes invitations kraft linen metallics paper plastic mailers translucents window envelopes loyalty discount program non-profit discount program trade discount program we will not sell your e-mail address or information to anyone. for our complete privacy policy, go here. thank you for subscribing! if you ever wish to unsubscribe, please contact customer service at service@envelopes.com. i'm sorry, there was a problem adding your e-mail address. please try again later. forgot your password? enter your e-mail address below to have your password reset. you will receive an e-mail with a new temporary password in it. please enter your e-mail address: a new system-generated password has been e-mailed to you. to change your password, login and edit your profile in the my account area. i'm sorry, your e-mail was not found in our system. if you think this is a mistake, please contact customer service at service@envelopes.com. holiday shipping happy holidays! december 24th is the last delivery day before christmas. we regret that we are unable to meet the above deadlines if you do not approve your proof on the day indicated. you may choose faster shipping methods on our online order form if you wish to receive your printed items sooner. standard production place order: approve proof: order ships: # of shipping days until christmas eve dec. 8 dec. 9 dec. 16 5 dec. 9 dec. 10 dec. 17 4 dec. 10 dec. 13 dec. 20 3 dec. 13 dec. 14 dec. 21 2 dec. 14 dec. 15 dec. 22 1 rush production place order: approve proof: order ships: # of shipping days until christmas eve dec. 14 dec. 14 dec. 16 5 dec. 15 dec. 15 dec. 17 4 dec. 16 dec. 16 dec. 20 3 dec. 17 dec. 17 dec. 21 2 dec. 20 dec. 20 dec. 22 1 sign up for emails subscribe to messages from envelopes.comenter your email address and preferences below, so we can keep it real! email address * preferred message format prefer html messages prefer plain text messages free shipping promotion how do i qualify for free ground shipping? merchandise total must equal $250 or more before applicable taxes and ship to a united states address. offer not valid for p.o. boxes or non-united states destinations. offer is not redeemable on previous orders and cannot be combined with promotional coupon codes. offer can be used in conjunction with loyalty, trade and non-profit discount program promotions. offer not valid on phone orders. terms of offer are subject to change at any time. applying any coupon or promo code will make orders ineligible for the free shipping promotion. manage email preferences