来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151210223358/http://www.actionenvelope.com/ae/control/terms
================================================================================

actionenvelope.com free ship code: free250 free standard shipping on orders over $250* coupon code: free250 support 877-683-5673 click to chat log in log in free shipping promotion how do i qualify for free standard shipping? * merchandise total must equal $250 or more before applicable taxes and ship to one address within the 48 contiguous united states. to be eligible for the free standard shipping discount offer, customers must enter the coupon code (free250) at checkout. offer not valid for alaska, hawaii, united states territories or international destinations. offer is not redeemable on previous orders and cannot be combined with promotional coupon codes. offer can be used in conjunction with loyalty, trade pro and non-profit discount program. offer not valid on phone orders. terms of offer are subject to change at any time. apply coupon products printing popular: gift boxes foil lined envelopes holiday clearance folders grocery bag swatchbook plastic mailers envelope liners quotes trade my account (0) empty custom printing available on almost every item! watch how it works < back menu reorder/my account the holiday shop new arrivals shop by color shop by size business envelopes invitation envelopes specialty envelopes presentation folders paper & cardstock invitations & diy notecards labels mailers boxes & packaging order swatchbook clearance < back holiday shop lux foil lined metallics collection square envelopes contour flaps gift card envelopes grocery bag envelope liners holiday flaps petals & pockets remittance envelopes bubble mailers mailing tubes photo & holiday cards photo greeting envelopes explore the holiday shop < back business envelopes #10 (4 1/8 x 9 1/2) envelopes regular envelopes window envelopes remittance envelopes open end envelopes booklet envelopes currency envelopes coin envelopes see all business envelopes < back invitation envelopes a7 (5 1/4 x 7 1/4) envelopes a6 (4 3/4 x 6 1/2) envelopes a4 (4 1/4 x 6 1/4) envelopes a2 (4 3/8 x 5 3/4) envelopes square envelopes contour flap envelopes foil lined envelopes mini envelopes see all invitation envelopes < back paper & cardstock 8 1/2 x 11 paper 12 x 12 paper 12 x 18 paper 13 x 19 paper 8 1/2 x 11 cardstock 12 x 12 cardstock 12 x 18 cardstock 13 x 19 cardstock see all paper & cardstock < back invitations & diy petal invitations pocket invitations gatefold invitations z-fold invitations see all diy invitations boxes & packaging small cube gift boxes medium cube gift boxes pillow boxes mailing tubes envelope accessories envelope liners labels & seals custom stamps < back boxes & packaging small cube gift boxes medium cube gift boxes pillow boxes cello envelopes glassine envelopes mailing tubes < back notecards flat cards folded cards see all notecards < back mailers bubble mailers padded mailers plastic mailers paperboard mailers document envelopes expansion envelopes jumbo envelopes tyvek envelopes pillowpak envelopes tamper evident envelopes conformer envelopes pillow boxes see all mailers boxes & packaging small cube gift boxes medium cube gift boxes pillow boxes mailing tubes < back labels return address labels wrap around labels full sheet labels circle labels square labels rectangle labels foil labels pastel labels neon labels clear labels see all labels < back popular sizes #10 (4 1/8 x 9 1/2) envelopes 6x9 envelopes 9x12 envelopes a2 envelopes a4 envelopes a6 envelopes a7 envelopes see all sizes the holiday shop new arrivals shop by color shop by size business envelopes invitation envelopes specialty envelopes presentation folders paper & cardstock notecards & stationery invitations & diy boxes & packaging mailers swatchbook clearance shop by color white natural yellow orange red pink purple brown blue green teal clear gold silver black prints collections luxpaper metallics recycled luxfoil lined business envelopes #9 (3 7/8 x 8 7/8) #10 (4 1/8 x 9 1/2) #6 3/4 (3 5/8 x 6 1/2) 6 x 9 9 x 12 10 x 13 see all business envelopes invitation envelopes a1 (3 5/8 x 5 1/8) a2 (4 3/8 x 5 3/4) a4 (4 1/4 x 6 1/4) a6 (4 3/4 x 6 1/2) a7 (5 1/4 x 7 1/4) a8 (5 1/2 x 8 1/2) a9 (5 3/4 x 8 3/4) a10 (6 x 9 1/2) see all invitation envelopes mini envelopes credit card sleeves (2 3/8 x 3 1/2) #17 mini (2 11/16 x 3 11/16) #00 coin (1 11/16 x 2 3/4) #1 coin (2 1/4 x 3 1/2) #3 coin (2 1/2 x 4 1/4) #4 coin (3 x 4 1/2) #5 1/2 coin (3 1/8 x 5 1/2) #7 coin (3 1/2 x 6 1/2) see all mini envelopes square envelopes 3 1/4 x 3 1/4 4 x 4 5 x 5 6 x 6 7 x 7 8 x 8 9 x 9 12 1/2 x 12 1/2 see all square envelopes shop all sizes business envelopes regular envelopes window envelopes peel & press™ envelopes square flap envelopes booklet envelopes open end envelopes clasp envelopes remittance envelopes coin envelopes jumbo envelopes document envelopes expansion envelopes paperboard mailers tyvek envelopes envelope accessories envelope liners labels & seals custom stamps popular sizes #10 regular (4 1/8 x 9 1/2) #10 square flap (4 1/8 x 9 1/2) #10 window (4 1/8 x 9 1/2) #9 regular (3 7/8 x 8 7/8) #9 remittance (3 7/8 x 8 7/8) #6 3/4 regular (3 5/8 x 6 1/2) 6 x 9 booklet 9 x 12 booklet see all business envelopes invitation envelopes square flap envelopes contour flap envelopes pointed flap envelopes lined envelopes square envelopes mini envelopes currency envelopes photo greeting envelopes peel & press™ envelopes accessories envelope liners labels & seals custom stamps exclusives postage saver envelopes printeriors colorseams colorflaps popular sizes a7 (5 1/4 x 7 1/4) a6 (4 3/4 x 6 1/2) a4 (4 1/4 x 6 1/4) a2 (4 3/8 x 5 3/4) a1 (3 5/8 x 5 1/8) photo greeting (4 3/8 x 8 1/4) #17 mini (2 11/16 x 3 11/16) see all invitation envelopes specialty envelopes airmail envelopes first class envelopes coin envelopes florist envelopes mini envelopes gift card envelopes credit card sleeves currency envelopes document envelopes expansion envelopes jumbo envelopes tyvek envelopes x-ray envelopes rfid credit card sleeves tamper evident envelopes conformer envelopes glassine envelopes airline ticket envelopes cd envelopes w-2 envelopes bottom flap envelopes right side window envelopes full face window envelopes button & string envelopes see all speciality envelopes paper sizes 8 1/2 x 11 paper 12 x 12 paper 12 x 18 paper 13 x 19 paper see all paper cardstock sizes 8 1/2 x 11 cardstock 12 x 12 cardstock 12 x 18 cardstock 13 x 19 cardstock see all cardstock shop by collection white natural brights cotton recycled metallics linen parchment see all paper & cardstock notecards flat cards folded cards mini cards tent cards border cards popular sizes a7 (5 1/8 x 7) a6 (4 5/8 x 6 1/4) a2 (4 1/4 x 5 1/2) a1 (3 1/2 x 4 7/8) #17 mini (2 9/16 x 3 9/16) #3 mini (2 x 3 1/2) see all notecards business stationery return address envelopes business letterhead business cards business notecards business event invitations business thank you cards see all business stationery personal stationery return address envelopes personal notecards monogrammed notecards invitations photo greeting cards thank you cards see all personal stationery diy invitations petal invitations pocket invitations flat cards folded cards square cards mini cards gatefold cards z-fold cards see all diy invitations envelope accessories envelope liners labels & seals custom stamps boxes & packaging small cube gift boxes medium cube gift boxes pillow boxes mailing tubes shop invitations by event wedding save the date business event fundraiser anniversary retirement grand opening open house dinner & cocktail party see all invitations boxes small cube gift boxes medium cube gift boxes medium rectangle gift boxes pillow boxes shop all boxes packaging mailing tubes cello envelopes glassine envelopes plastic mailers conformer envelopes shop all packaging mailers bubble mailers padded mailers plastic mailers paperboard mailers document envelopes expansion envelopes jumbo envelopes tyvek envelopes pillowpak envelopes tamper evident envelopes conformer envelopes pillow boxes see all mailers boxes & packaging small cube gift boxes medium cube gift boxes pillow boxes cello envelopes glassine envelopes mailing tubes the holiday shop lux foil lined metallics collection square envelopes contour flaps gift card envelopes grocery bag envelope liners holiday flaps petals & pockets remittance envelopes bubble mailers mailing tubes photo & holiday cards photo greeting envelopes explore the holiday shop add printing made to order recipient addressing white ink envelope templates made to order if we don't sell it, we'll make it! recipient addressing take the hassle out of addressing your envelopes, we'll do it for you! print white ink on dark papers, metallics and more! white ink printing is available on a huge variety of products and is sure to make your mailings stand out! add printing add your own design to hundreds of our products. envelope templates our templates make it easy for you to design your own envelopes and cards! your cart checkout edit cart subtotal: $0.00 home > customer service > terms & conditions terms & conditions welcome to envelopes.com. this web site is provided by envelopes.com & printing co., inc. (referred to throughout this web site as "envelopes.com") as a service to our customers. please review the following basic rules that govern your use of the envelopes.com site. please note that your use of the envelopes.com site (the "site") constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these terms and conditions. although you may "bookmark" a particular portion of this site and thereby bypass this agreement, your use of this site still binds you to these terms and conditions. envelopes.com reserves the right to update or modify these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice to you. your use of the site following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these terms and conditions as changed. for this reason, we encourage you to review these terms & conditions whenever you use this site section a of these terms and conditions applies specifically to orders placed with envelopes.com. section b of these terms and conditions applies to all products and services available through the site. section a orders all orders are subject to envelopes.com's review and approval. we reserve the right to reject and not fulfill an order, or to withhold acceptance of an order until we take such steps as envelopes.com deems necessary within our sole discretion to validate the billing, shipping and credit card information of the person or company placing the order. most orders for plain envelopes ship the same or next business day. we do not guarantee same day shipping. printed envelopes must go through prepress and production to be fulfilled, and have a production time associated with them. we process and ship orders monday through friday only. we are closed saturday, sunday and holidays. if you place your order after 5:00pm et on friday, your order will not be processed until monday. if your order has been processed for shipping, or has shipped, we cannot cancel your order. you can refuse the delivery, and your order will be subject to our return policy. payment all prices and amounts shown on this site are in u.s. dollars (usd), unless otherwise noted. if a user submits an order, the user agrees that all charges, taxes and shipping/handling fees will automatically be charged to the credit card or paid by user with an approved payment method. please note that no work will proceed on any print job in your order until full payment is received by envelopes.com. payment methods all purchase requests must be submitted with an approved payment method unless otherwise expressly stated. approved payment methods include any of the following: pay by credit card. this is simple and safe. most of our customers pay this way. our secure server scrambles your payment data so that only our computers can decode it. credit cards are the only method of payment accepted for all international orders. pay by check or money order. choose this option and finish your order. after you're done, print your order confirmation screen and mail your check to envelopes.com, 5300 new horizons blvd., amityville, ny 11701. att: order# xxxxxxxx pay on account. on account or purchase orders are available only to government and educational institutions unless otherwise stated. order cancellatons you may cancel your order for plain envelopes at any time prior to your order being shipped, unless it was deemed a special order, or custom "made to order" envelope. printed envelope order cancellations will be subject to a $25.00 charge if you submitted files to our prepress department during or after your order was placed on the site. if you have approved your proof, but your order has not been printed or shipped, you may cancel your order, but you will be charged $40.00 for the time that was spent on your order in prepress and production. refund policy we accept returns of plain products if returned within 14 days of receiving the shipment. a refund for order amount, minus shipping and restocking fee (if applicable, see below) will be issued to the credit card used to place the order within 5 days of receiving and reviewing your return. shipping charges are non-refundable for undelivered, unclaimed or refused packages, unless we made an error. your return needs to be in re-sellable condition or a refund will not be processed. the carton the envelopes come in is part of the product, so please do not discard, deface, write on, or destroy the carton. exchanges if you need a different size or color, you may exchange your order without a restocking fee if your replacement order is for the same quantity of product. first, please place your new order online, and include your new order number on the return slip of the original order. you are responsible for shipping the original item back to us, and you will receive a full refund for the product when it is returned and reviewed. you do not receive a refund for the original shipping charges, or the cost to ship back unwanted product. send returns to envelopes.com 5300 new horizons blvd. amityville, ny 11701 attn: returns/order# xxxxxx you can use whatever delivery service you choose (usps, ups, fedex), but be sure to get a tracking number so you will be able to verify that we received the return. international customers should contact customer service to discuss the specific details of the issue before shipping any returns. this excludes canada and us territories. restocking fee there is a 25% restocking fee for all returns, which will be waived if a replacement order is placed. (see exchanges above) partial returns you may return part of an order, however you will be charged as if you only purchased what you are keeping. for example: if you purchased 1,000 envelopes for $46.95, and returned 750 envelopes, we would charge you as if you only purchased 250 which cost $21.95, minus the restocking fee on the returned portion. we are unable to accept returns of printed envelopes unless we made a printing error. if you send back a return that is not eligible for a refund, it is your responsibility to pay an additional shipping charge if you would like the product back again. we accept returns of plain products if returned within 14 days of receiving the shipment. a refund for order amount, minus shipping and restocking fee (if applicable, see below) will be issued to the credit card used to place the order within 5 days of receiving and reviewing your return. shipping charges are non-refundable for undelivered, unclaimed or refused packages, unless we made an error. your return needs to be in re-sellable condition or a refund will not be processed. the carton the envelopes come in is part of the product, so please do not discard, deface, write on, or destroy the carton. sales tax envelopes.com is required to collect sales tax on purchases shipped to new york, the state where we currently have business operations. for orders shipped to new york, tax is calculated based on the total order value and current tax rate of the county. tax-exempt individuals / organizations/businesses if tax will be or was charged on your order and you would like to claim tax-exempt status, you can request an adjustment for the amount of sales tax charged by sending in documentation of your tax-exempt status. before or after placing your order through the site, please fax a copy of your tax-exempt certificate along with your order number to the attention of the credit department at (631) 225-4896. sales tax refunds will only be processed for orders placed during the current tax quarter. for requests outside of the current tax quarter, please contact the ny state dept of taxation directly for information. paper color disclaimer envelopes.com will reproduce color from submitted print-ready files as closely as possible, but cannot exactly match color and density (as viewed in a 5000k light booth) because of limitations in the printing process. if you specify a pantone color, we will match that color as closely as possible. due to differences in paper color, brightness, and paper finish, pantone colors will look different on all substrates. inks are transparent and will be affected by the color of the paper. quantity disclaimer due to variations in envelope manufacturing, you may find that cartons, boxes and packs may not contain the exact number of plain envelopes specified or ordered. it is common for the quantity to be + or - 2%. if you discover a shortage in excess of these percentages, please contact customer service. printed envelope orders are subject to quantity variations. due to setup, waste, and quality control, the actual number of shipped envelopes may be up to 10% fewer than quantity ordered. customers should account for this variation when ordering for purposes that need a specific quantity. due to our printing process, we are not able to reprint quantities of less than 500 envelopes. if your order is missing less than 500 envelopes, we may provide blank envelopes or refund the missing portion of the order. product availability, limitation on quantities. envelopes.com does not guarantee the availability of any of our envelopes, and information regarding availability of our envelopes is subject to change without further notice. availability may be limited at times, and some envelopes may not be available for immediate shipment. envelopes.com reserves the right to make partial shipments. envelopes.com also reserves the right without liability or prior notice to revise, discontinue or refuse to make available any of our envelopes, or to cancel any order in our sole discretion at any time. envelopes.com shall not be responsible for any pictorial or typographical inaccuracies. we reserve the right to revoke an accepted order and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, including after an order has been submitted and accepted. artwork files our prepress department checks most artwork files before printing, but you are still 100% responsible for the accuracy of your print-ready artwork files, and we encourage you to proofread all files carefully before submitting to envelopes.com. as postal regulations are subject to change, you are also 100% responsible for complying with current mailing restrictions for your layouts. check with your local post office. you certify that you have the right to use the image(s) in your artwork files. under these terms and conditions, you agree that you will not upload any artwork files consisting of the following material: any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable law; and any material that could infringe rights of privacy, publicity, copyrights or other intellectual property rights without the permission of the owner of these rights and the persons who are shown in the material if applicable. proofs we will produce a pdf proof for your review from your files or online design. it is your responsibility to review the proof in its entirety. the proof will show the basic size of the envelope, but seam lines, flap size, flap shape may be different on the actual envelope you are purchasing. if it is absolutely necessary to have the exact flap size, flap shape, or seams shown, you must notify envelopes.com prior to printing your order, and we will advise you on our ability to provide what you want. ink colors on your proof are a basic representation of the ink colors that will be printed. actual ink color printed will be different than what is shown on a computer monitor. ink colors will be affected by paper colors, but a monitor is not. all proofs are shown on a white envelope background. you will not see the paper color selected on your pdf proof. it will show the content to be printed only. production time our production time guidelines are not guaranteed. they are our best estimate based on current workload. throughout the year, the production times may change. please notify envelopes.com prior to placing your order if you must have your envelopes by a certain date, and we will let you know if we can meet your deadline. production time begins upon proof approval, or the next business day for proofs approved after 5:00 pm et. standard production: your proof is ready for review on the next business day. your printed envelopes will ship 5 business days after your proof approval. rush production: your proof is ready for review on the same business day. your printed envelopes will ship 2 business days after your proof approval. shipping our primary carrier is ups. standard ups shipments will only be delivered monday to friday. ups saturday delivery is only available for next day and second day air shipments for $20.00 additional per package. to arrange for saturday delivery you must contact customer service, and we will update your order. saturday delivery is not available for all addresses. shipping methods: free pickups: if you're in the long island area, you can pick up your order free of charge at the amityville, ny location. you will be notified by phone when your order is ready. free pickup is available m-f, between the hours of 9:00am-5:00pm et envelopes.com uses a range of carriers for each shipping option. we choose the most appropriate delivery method for your ship to address. envelopes.com will choose a preferred carrier after your order has been placed. standard (up to 7 days): your order will be delivered within 4-7 business days after the order leaves an envelopes.com facility, not counting the ship date and not including saturday and sunday, or carrier holidays. package arrives before end of day. we ship from multiple locations. premium (2-3 days): your order will be delivered 2-3 business days after the order leaves envelopes.com, not counting the ship date and not including saturday and sunday, or carrier holidays. package usually arrives by end of day. next day (1 day): your order will be delivered 1 business day after the order leaves envelopes.com, not counting the ship date and not including saturday and sunday, or carrier holidays. package usually arrives before end of day. next day am (1 day): your order will be delivered the next business day by 12pm, after the order leaves envelopes.com, not counting the ship date and not including saturday and sunday, or carrier holidays. package usually arrives before end of day. if you would like to use your own ups or fedex account for shipping charges over $25.00, you can supply the number in the comments box on the checkout page. we do not accept customers' account for sample orders. the shipping charge will show on your order confirmation, but we will remove the shipping cost before charging your credit card. international standard: delivery of goods should be expected 5 to 15 days after the order was placed; this excludes weekends and us holidays. after selecting your destination country during the checkout process, an estimated transit time can be seen. at this time, we are unable to process orders via our customer's personal or business shipping accounts. freight, duties, taxes and insurance fees are displayed in real-time during the checkout process. envelopes.com is not responsible for any duties, taxes, insurance and brokerage fees associated with the shipment for your order. this excludes canada and us territories. section b: general terms and conditions copyright notice you, the user, acknowledge that all content included on this site, including, without limitation, the information, data, software, photographs, graphs, typefaces, graphics, images, illustrations, maps, designs, icons, written and other material and compilations (collectively, "content") are intellectual property and copyrighted works of envelopes.com and/or various third-party providers ("providers"). reproductions or storage of content retrieved from this site, in all forms, media and technologies now existing or hereafter developed, is subject to the u.s. copyright act of 1976, title 17 of the united states code. corporate identification and trademarks "envelopes.com", "envelopes.com", and any and all other marks appearing on this site are trademarks of envelopes.com in the united states and other jurisdictions ("trademarks"). you may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit distribute or modify the trademarks in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this site, without envelopes.com's prior written consent. the use of trademarks on any other web site or network computer environment is prohibited. envelopes.com prohibits the use of trademarks as a "hot" link on, or to, any other web site unless establishment of such a link is pre-approved by envelopes.com in writing. use restriction you may only use this site to make legitimate requests to purchase the products or services offered (each, a "request"), and shall not use this site to make any speculative, false or fraudulent requests. you may not use robots or other automated means to access this site, unless specifically permitted by envelopes.com. you represent that you are of sufficient legal age to create binding legal obligations for any liability you may incur as a result of your use of this site. you agree to promptly update your membership information (if applicable) in order to keep it current, complete and accurate. it is a violation of law to place a request in a false name or with an invalid credit card. please be aware that even if you do not give us your real name, your web browser transmits a unique internet address to us that can be used by law enforcement officials to identify you. fraudulent users may be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. permission is granted to electronically copy and print in hard-copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of using this site as a shopping resource. any other use of materials or content on this site, including reproduction for a purpose other than that noted above without envelopes.com's prior written consent is prohibited. communication we encourage you to share your comments and questions with us, but we may not be able to respond to all of them. please note that we assume no responsibility for reviewing unsolicited ideas for our business (like product or advertising ideas), and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities between those ideas and materials that may appear in future envelopes.com programs. also, please remember that you are responsible for whatever material you submit and that you, not envelopes.com, have full responsibility for any message that you send, including its reliability, originality and copyright. please do not reveal trade secrets or other confidential information in your messages. any, and all, rights to materials and ideas submitted to us become the exclusive property of envelopes.com. email by entering your name and email address into any of the forms on our website, including but not limited to discount program applications, custom quote submission or placing an order, you are subscribing (opting-in) to promotional email campaigns. if you do not wish to receive our promotional email campaigns you can easily unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of every email or here. coupon restrictions to utilize eligible coupon code discounts, merchandise total must be equal to or greater than the qualifying dollar amount, before shipping fees and applicable taxes. coupon codes are not valid on phone orders or previously placed orders prior to coupon code start date. terms of offers are subject to change at any time. coupon codes cannot be combined. trade and non-profit customers may not combine any coupon codes other then sample coupons with their already provided discounts. the trade discount program information can be seen here and the non-profit discount program can be seen here. privacy you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to the envelopes.com privacy policy, the terms of which are incorporated herein, and agree that the terms of such policy are reasonable and satisfactory to you. you consent to the use of your personal information by envelopes.com, its third-party providers, and/or distributors in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set forth in the envelopes.com privacy policy. if you are not a resident of the united states, please note that the personal information you submit to the site will be transferred to the united states and processed by envelopes.com in order to provide this site and its services to you, or for such other purposes (as set forth in the privacy policy). general limitation of liability to the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event shall envelopes.com-including its respective officers, directors, employees, representatives, or affiliates (collectively, the "covered parties")-be liable for any injury, death, loss, claim, damage, act of god, accident, delay, or any special, exemplary, punitive, incidental or consequential damages of any kind, whether based in contract, tort or otherwise, which arise out of or are in any way connected with any use of this site or with any delay or inability to use this site, or for any information, software, products or services obtained through this site, even if a party has been advised of the possibility of such damages. if, notwithstanding the above, a covered party is found liable for any loss or damage relating to the use of this site, the user agrees that the liability of any such party shall in no event exceed the fee or charge to the user assessed by envelopes.com for making a request. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless envelopes.com and its affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the site. you also certify that you own rights to or have a license to use the image(s) being reproduced as part of your order. third parties if you use this site to submit requests for or on behalf of a third party ("third party"), you are responsible for any error in the accuracy of information provided in connection with such use. in addition, you must inform the third party of all terms and conditions applicable to all products or services acquired through this site, including all rules and restrictions applicable thereto. each user using this site for, or on behalf, of a third party agrees to indemnify and hold each covered party harmless from, and against, any and all liabilities, losses, damages, suits and claims (including the costs of defense), relating to the third party's or the user's failure to fulfill any of its obligations as described (above). the user is directly responsible for any request submitted, including related fees, charges and performance obligations. user comments, feedback and other submissions all comments, feedback, suggestions and ideas disclosed, submitted or offered to a covered party in connection with your use of this site (collectively, "comments"), shall become and remain the exclusive property of envelopes.com. the comments may be used by a covered party in any medium and for any purpose worldwide, without obtaining your specific consent and you relinquish all rights to such comments. no covered party is under any obligation to maintain your comments (and the use of your first name and first initial of your last name with any comments) in confidence, to pay to you any compensation for any comments submitted or to respond to any of your comments. you agree you will be solely responsible for the content of any comments you make. links to other web sites and services to the extent this site contains links to outside services and resources, any concerns regarding such services or resources should be directed to the particular outside service or resource provider. none of the covered parties guarantees or warrants the accuracy or completeness of the information or content included on the web sites of these outside services and resources. the outside services and resources are in no way related to envelopes.com, and are neither its employees nor agents. termination of usage user access to all or part of this site may be terminated or suspended at any time, without notice and for any reason. miscellaneous the captions in these terms and conditions are only for convenience and do not, in any way, limit or otherwise define the terms and provisions of these terms and conditions. none of the covered parties are responsible for any errors or delays in responding to a request caused by an incorrect email address provided by you or other technical problems beyond their control. entire agreemenet these terms and conditions, together with the privacy policy and those terms and conditions incorporated herein or referred to herein, constitute the entire agreement (collectively, the "agreement") between you and each covered party relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any prior understandings or agreements (whether oral or written) regarding the subject matter, and may not be amended or modified except in writing or by making such amendments or modifications available on this site. if any provision of this agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired. governing law the internal laws of the state of new york shall govern the performance of these terms and conditions, without regard to such state's conflicts of laws principles. you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in suffolk county, new york for all disputes arising out of, or relating to, the terms and conditions and use of this site. customer product review contest rules & regulations no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win this contest. a purchase will not increase your chances of winning. the following rules and regulations apply to the customer product review contest offered by envelopes.com. ("sponsor"). contest begins at 12:01 a.m. et on february 1, 2012 and ends at 11:59 p.m. et on april 30, 2012 (the "contest period"). to enter: log on to www.envelopes.com during the contest period and either sign in if you are already a registered customer or enter your email address on the review form. then, review a product on envelopes.com and you will be automatically entered into the contest. you may review as many products as you wish and each product review will constitute one (1) entry. product reviews, which contain obscene, lewd or offensive language, will be disqualified. entries will be deemed made by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address submitted at the time of entry. sponsor is not responsible for entries that are lost, late, garbled, damaged, illegible or otherwise deficient or incompletely received for any reason. sponsor is not responsible for any typographical or other errors in offer, administration of the award or in the announcement of the prize. sponsor, in its sole discretion, reserve the right to disqualify any person tampering with the entry process or otherwise in violation of the rules. sponsor further reserves the right to cancel, terminate or modify any promotion not capable of completion as planned, including by tampering, unauthorized intervention or force majeure. contest is open to legal residents of the 50 united states and united states territories who are 18 years of age or older as of the date of entry, except employees of sponsor and its affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies and their immediate family members and/or those living in the same household of each are not eligible. five winners will be selected in a random drawing on a monthly basis or by may 1, 2012. all decisions of the judges are final. the number of eligible entries received will determine odds of winning. prize: five (5) prize winners will receive a $100 gift card. retail value of prize is $100. all fees, federal, state and other taxes relating to the use, acceptance and possession of the prize are the sole responsibility of the winner. prize winner must sign and return an affidavit of eligibility within fourteen (14) days of notification or an alternate winner may be selected. in the event of noncompliance with this or any other requirement, winner will be disqualified. no substitution, exchange or transfer of prize except by sponsor, in which case a prize of equal or greater value will be substituted. by participating, entrants agree to these rules. entrants are solely responsible for their own actions and agree to hold harmless envelopes.com and any participating sponsors, and their parents, subsidiaries, divisions and related companies and the officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, assigns and licensees (collectively the "sponsors") from any liability for losses, damages or injuries arising in connection with their participation in the contest or the award of a prize. acceptance of prize constitutes consent to use winner's name and likeness for editorial, advertising and publicity purposes without further compensation except where prohibited. prize winner need not be present at time of drawing. contest is subject to all federal, state and local laws and regulations. income and other taxes, if any and all expenses not detailed in the prize description are the sole responsibility of the winner. if an email address is provided on entry form, entrant acknowledges that he/she 1) is over the age of 13; 2) has read the envelopes.com terms & conditions (http://www.envelopes.com/terms) and; 3) is granting envelopes.com permission to send them marketing messages. for name of winner, send a self-addressed, stamped envelope to: customer product review contest, 5300 new horizons blvd amityville ny 11701 on or by may 2, 2012. (no phone calls please). top styles business envelopes window envelopes remittance envelopes letterhead invitation envelopes wedding invitations save the dates square envelopes mini envelopes lined envelopes paper cardstock ways to shop shop by color shop by size specialty shops luxpaper wedding shop made-to-order peel & press shop printing how it works artwork specs production time white ink addressing envelope templates our company about us our blog: a cool, dry place contact us customer service customer service faq's shipping policy returns & exchanges samples swatchbook trade pro loyalty discount non-profit discount affiliates connect with us subscribe invalid email address successfully subscribed to email newsletter 1-877-683-5673 live chat © 2015. all rights reserved. privacy policy & terms and conditions. login you have successfully logged in!