来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191231102522/https://www.gnc.com/help/safety-security-privacy.html
================================================================================

safety, security, & privacy | gnc buy one, get one 50% off | shop now free shipping over $49 auto-deliver & save 10% | learn more menu find a store gnc account log in / register log in / register check order mygnc rewards feedback purchase history 0 gnc find a store departments vitamins & supplements multivitamins vitamins a-z fish oil & omegas wellness essentials view all protein whey protein mass gainers plant based protein protein bars view all performance pre-workout supplements muscle builders energy & endurance performance supplements view all herbs & natural solutions herbs a-e herbs f-n herbs o-s herbs t-z view all digestion digestive support cleansing & detox view all superfoods & green foods green foods superfoods view all weight management fat burners & thermogenics meal replacements appetite control & diet support ketogenic friendly view all beauty & skin care skin care body care beauty supplements hair care view all food & drink bars healthy food drinks view all equipment & accessories fitness equipment meal prep drinkware apparel & accessories view all brands gnc gnc amp gnc total lean® bodydynamix™ beyond raw® nugenix® ghost® alani nu optimum nutrition gnc4u view all brands goals men's health women's health weight management brain & memory support hair, skin & nails immune support energy support mental focus cardiovascular support bone support view all goals sale buy one, get one 50% off buy one, get one free buy 5, get 1 free bogo 50% off optimum nutrition 50% off pet supplements view all sale live well learning center your solution center multivitamin finder probiotic finder weight management sports & performance health & wellness healthy recipes about gnc _hidden_ _hidden_ _hidden_ _hidden_ satisfaction guarantee auto-deliver & save price match guarantee mygnc rewards live well foundation gnc4u what are bcaas? how to follow the ketogenic diet collagen lavender citrus mocktail men’s vs. women’s mutivitamins feedback search catalog search gnc close your shopping bag is empty continue shopping are you sure you want to remove this item? customer service safety, security, & privacy your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. secure shopping guarantee we use the industry standard encryption protocol known as secure socket layer (ssl) to keep your order information secure. we have established a secure shopping guarantee for every transaction that you make with www.gnc.com. should any unauthorized charges appear on your credit card as a result of shopping with www.gnc.com, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. we will cover the liability of purchases made through this web site only if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own. if your bank holds you responsible for fraudulent charges, we will cover your liability up to $50.00. terms & conditions last updated: june 5, 2019 please read these terms and conditions carefully, they contain important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial. the policies below are applicable to the general nutrition corporation ("gnc") network of websites, including the website located at www.gnc.com (including any versions optimized for viewing on a wireless or tablet device); all e-mail newsletters published or distributed by; and all other interactive features and communications provided by gnc, however accessed and/or used, that are operated by us, made available by us, or produced and maintained by gnc (collectively "gnc" or "we", "us", or "our") ("web site"). your use of this web site confirms your unconditional acceptance of these terms and conditions. if you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not use this web site. 1. products, content and specifications. all features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on this web site, www.gnc.com(this "web site"), are subject to change at any time without notice. certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. general nutrition corporation ("gnc", "we" or "us") and its service suppliers which operate this web site pursuant to agreements with gnc, make all reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system, and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. the inclusion of any products or services on this web site at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. it is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the possession, use and sale of any item purchased from this web site. by placing an order, you represent that the products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner. all videocassettes, dvds and similar products sold are for private, home use (where no admission fee is charged), non-public performance and may not be duplicated. 2. ordering, shipping and returns. when an order is placed, it will be shipping to an address designated by the purchaser as long as that shipping address is compliant with the shipping restrictions contained on this web site. all purchases from this web site are made pursuant to a shipment contract. as a result, risk of loss and title for items purchased from this web site pass to you upon delivery of the items to the carrier. you are responsible for filing any claims with carriers for damaged and/or lost shipments. you may return or exchange a product or service purchased from this web site in accordance with our return and exchange policy found [here]. certain jurisdictions may provide additional statutory rights. nothing herein is meant to limit your return or cancellation rights under local law. 3. accuracy of information. we attempt to ensure that information on this web site is complete, accurate and current. despite our efforts, the information on this web site may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. we make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currentness of any information on this web site. for example, products included on this web site may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated on this web site. in addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. while it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. we reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. we also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order. 4. fees. for all charges or deposits for any events, products and/or services ordered by you on or through the web site, gnc or its vendors or agents will bill your bank card or alternative payment method offered by gnc and you agree to pay all such charges or deposits. when you provide bank card information, account numbers or other information necessary to facilitate payment to us or our vendors, you represent to us that you are the authorized user of the bank card that is used to pay for the products and services. in the event legal action is necessary to collect on balances due, you agree to reimburse gnc and its vendors or agents for all expenses incurred to recover sums due, including attorneys' fees and other legal expenses. you are responsible for purchase of, and payment of charges for, all internet access services and telecommunications services needed for use of the web site. you understand that we will hold and store such bank card or payment information to facilitate payment and deposit, damage reimbursement, and other liability purposes. 5. account registration and security. you understand that you may need to create an account to place orders and to have access to all of the parts of the web site. in order to use those restricted portions of the web site, you will: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and your business as prompted by the web site's registration or subscription page (such information being the "registration data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the registration data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. if you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or gnc has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, gnc has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the web site (or any portion thereof). you are entirely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your password and account. furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. you will not share your account information or your user name and password with any third party or permit any third party to logon to the web site using your account information. you agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of which you become aware. you are responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the web site. we have the right to provide user billing, account, content, purchase or use records, and related information under certain circumstances (such as in response to legal responsibility, lawful process, orders, subpoenas, or warrants, or to protect our rights, customers or business). please note that anyone able to provide your personally identifiable information will be able to access your account so you should take reasonable steps to protect this information. 6. use of this web site. the design of this web site and all text, graphics, images, video, information, content, and other material displayed on or that can be downloaded from this web site are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws and may not be used except as permitted in these terms and conditions or with prior written permission of the owner of such material. the content, software and other technology components of this web site are © general nutrition corporation or its respective affiliates or suppliers. all rights reserved. you may not modify the information or materials displayed on or that can be downloaded from this web site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use any such information or materials for any public or commercial purpose. any unauthorized use of any such information or materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and other laws and regulations. you will not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from material found on the web site. 7. trademarks. certain trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos used or displayed on this web site are registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of gnc and its affiliates. other trademarks, trade names and service marks used or displayed on this web site are the registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of their respective owners. nothing contained on this web site grants or should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos displayed on this web site without the written permission of gnc or such other owner. 8. linking to this web site. running or displaying this web site or any information or material displayed on this web site in frames or through similar means on another web site without our prior written permission is prohibited. any permitted links to this web site must comply will all applicable laws, rule and regulations. 9. third party links. from time to time, this web site may contain links to web sites that are not owned, operated or controlled by gnc or its affiliates. all such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. if you use these links, you will leave this web site. neither we nor any of our respective affiliates are responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other web site. neither we nor any of our respective affiliates endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other web sites, or any content, materials or other information located or accessible from any other web sites, or the results that you may obtain from using any other web sites. if you decide to access any other web sites linked to or from this web site, you do so entirely at your own risk. 10. inappropriate material. you are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. in addition to any remedies that we may have at law or in equity, if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have violated or are likely to violate the foregoing prohibitions, we may take any action we deem necessary to cure or prevent the violation, including without limitation, the immediate removal of the related materials from this web site. we will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order or subpoena requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting such materials. 11. user content. other than personally identifiable information, which is subject to this web site's privacy statement, any material, information, videos, pictures, suggestions, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, questions, comments, reviews or other communications, photos, videos, or other content you transmit or post to this web site in any manner or publish through any social media account (e.g., twitter, instagram, pinterest, facebook) to gnc or that you allow gnc to feature, including your name (as identified in your social publications), social media handle, accompanying text, photos and images ("user content") is and will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. personally identifiable information that you voluntarily post on any part of this web site or on social media that is viewable by the public (e.g., in the customer reviews section) is not subject to this web site's privacy statement and is considered user content. further, we are not responsible for the use or disclosure of any personal information that you voluntarily disclose in connection with any user content you submit. we and our respective affiliates and our or their designees may use any or all user content for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, reproduction, transmission, disclosure, publication, broadcast, development, manufacturing, advertising, promotion and/or marketing in any manner whatsoever for any or all commercial or non-commercial purposes. we may, but are not obligated to, monitor or review any user content. we will have no obligation to use, return, review, or respond to any user content. we will have no liability related to the user content submitted by you, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. we retain the right to remove any or all user content that includes any material we deem inappropriate or unacceptable. you agree that that all user content submitted by you is truthful, that it will not violate or facilitate the violation of any law or regulation, that you have obtained the consent of anyone (other than yourself) appearing in any user content, that any user content submitted by you will not contain, or provide links to, obscene, profane, or threatening language or imagery, malware, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, “spam”, or any other material that could be considered harmful, sexually explicit, indecent, lewd, violent, abusive, or degrading, and that such user content will not infringe on or violate the rights of any person or entity, including copyright, trademark, patent, privacy or publicity rights. by submitting, transmitting, posting, uploading, modifying or otherwise providing any user content, whether solicited or unsolicited, you agree that you are granting us and our respective affiliates and our or their designees a royalty-free, fully paid, non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, unrestricted, worldwide license to publish, transmit, perform, display, copy, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works from, sell, distribute and otherwise use such user content for any purpose, including, without limitation, advertising and promotional purposes, in any media, now or hereafter known, even if these terms of use are later modified or terminated, without any compensation to you.  you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary for you to grant the licenses granted in this section. you further irrevocably waive any "moral rights" or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding user content that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory. 12. recipes. as part of the web site, gnc may offer recipes and information dealing in the preparation of food and beverages and gnc allows recipe submissions by various sources, including users of the web site. gnc in no way provides any warranty, implied or otherwise, towards the content of recipes submitted by any user, visitor, or other entity. as such, it is your responsibility to determine the value and quality of any recipe or instructions provided for food preparation and to determine the nutritional value, if any, and safety of the preparation instructions. recipes taken from our web site and prepared are done so "at your own risk". gnc is not responsible for any damage, medically or otherwise, resulting in the preparation of food using the instructions or recipes provided on this web site. you must take care to check the instructions provided and determine their value and any possible medical condition that may arise from the consumption of the ingredients listed in recipes on this web site. 13. contests, sweepstakes and games. from time to time gnc may offer contests, sweepstakes and games. additional terms and conditions will apply to your participation in each contest, sweepstakes or game. 14. disclaimers. your use of this site is at your risk. the information, materials and services provided on or through this web site are provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. neither gnc nor any of its respective affiliates nor suppliers warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, materials or services provided on or through this web site. the information, materials and services provided on or through this web site may be out of date, and neither gnc nor any of its respective affiliates nor suppliers makes any commitment or assumes any duty to update such information, materials or services. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. all products and services purchased on or through this web site are subject only to any applicable warranties of their respective manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, if any. to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, we hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, any implied warranties with respect to the products and services listed or purchased on or through this web site. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we hereby expressly disclaim all liability for product defect or failure, claims that are due to normal wear, product misuse, abuse, product modification, improper product selection, non-compliance with any codes, or misappropriation. we make no warranties to those defined as "consumers" in the magnuson-moss warranty-federal trade commission improvements act. the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. you hereby release and waive any and all claims against gnc, its respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, agents, successors or assigns, and any party involved in the creation, production or transmission of this web site arising out of, or in conjunction with your use of the web site. 15. limitations of liability. neither gnc nor its affiliates nor suppliers assumes any responsibility, or will be liable, for any damages to, or any viruses that may infect, your computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from your access to, use of, or browsing this web site, or your downloading of any information or materials from this web site. in no event will gnc, or any of its respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, agents, successors or assigns, nor any party involved in the creation, production or transmission of this web site, be liable to you or anyone else for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this web site, any web sites linked to this web site, or the materials, information or services contained on any or all such web sites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. the foregoing limitations of liability do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. please refer to your local laws for any such prohibitions. in the event of any problem with this web site or any content, you agree that your sole remedy is to cease using this web site. in the event of any problem with the products or services that you have purchased on or through this web site, you agree that your sole remedy, if any, is from the manufacturer of such products or supplier of such services, in accordance with such manufacturer's or supplier's warranty, or to seek a return and refund for such product or services in accordance with the returns and refunds policies posted on this web site. 16. arbitration.please read this section carefully. it affects your rights and how claims that you and gnc have against each other are resolved. this section is deemed to be a "written agreement to arbitrate" pursuant to the federal arbitration act. you and gnc agree that we intend that this section satisfies the "writing" requirement of the federal arbitration act. this section can only be amended by mutual agreement. we believe that arbitration is a faster, more convenient and less expensive way to resolve any disputes or disagreements that you may have with us. therefore, pursuant to these terms and conditions, if you have any dispute or disagreement with us regarding (i) your use of or interaction with the web site, (ii) any purchases or other transactions or relationships with gnc, or (iii) any data or information you may provide to gnc or that gnc may gather in connection with such use, interaction or transaction (collectively, "gnc transactions or relationships"), you will not have the right to pursue a claim in court, or have a jury decide the claim and you will not have the right to bring or participate in any class action or similar proceeding in court or in arbitration. by using or interacting with the web site, or engaging in any other gnc transactions or relationships with us, you agree to binding arbitration as provided below. we will make every reasonable effort to informally resolve any complaints, disputes, or disagreements that you may have with us. if those efforts fail, by using our web site, you agree that any complaint, dispute, or disagreement you may have against gnc, and any claim that gnc may have against you, arising out of, relating to, or connected in any way with these terms and conditions, our privacy statement, or any gnc transactions or relationships shall be resolved exclusively by final and binding arbitration ("arbitration") administered by jams or its successor ("jams") and conducted in accordance with the jams streamlined arbitration rules and procedures in effect at the time the arbitration is initiated or, if the amount in controversy exceeds $100,000, in accordance with the jams comprehensive arbitration rules and procedures then in effect (respectively, the "applicable rules"). the applicable rules can be found at www.jamsadr.com. if jams is no longer in existence, the arbitration shall be administered by the american arbitration association or its successor (the "aaa") instead, and conducted in accordance with the aaa commercial arbitration rules in effect at that time (which shall be the "applicable rules" in such circumstances). if jams (or, if applicable, aaa) at the time the arbitration is filed has minimum standards of procedural fairness for consumer arbitrations in effect which would be applicable to the matter in dispute, gnc agrees to provide the benefit of such minimum standards to you to the extent they are more favorable than the comparable arbitration provisions set forth in this section, provided, however, that in no event may such minimum standards contravene or restrict the application of subpart (e) or (i) below. furthermore, this section shall not prevent any party from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. you further agree that: (a) single arbitrator. the arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the applicable rules or by mutual agreement between you and gnc (the "arbitrator"); (b) arbitrator will interpret this agreement. the arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute arising under or relating to the validity, interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of these terms and conditions and/or these arbitration provisions in this section hereof, including but not limited to any claim that all or any part of these terms and conditions is void or voidable; (c) location of arbitration. the arbitration shall be held either: (i) at a location determined by jams (or, if applicable, aaa) pursuant to the applicable rules (provided that such location is reasonably convenient for you and does not require travel in excess of 100 miles from your home or place of business); or (ii) at such other location as may be mutually agreed upon by you and gnc; or (iii) at your election, if the only claims in the arbitration are asserted by you and are for less than $10,000 in aggregate, by telephone or by written submission. (d) governing law. the arbitrator (i) shall apply internal laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania consistent with the federal arbitration act and applicable statutes of limitations, or, to the extent (if any) that federal law prevails, shall apply the law of the u.s., irrespective of any conflict of law principles; (ii) shall entertain any motion to dismiss, motion to strike, motion for judgment on the pleadings, motion for complete or partial summary judgment, motion for summary adjudication, or any other dispositive motion consistent with pennsylvania or federal rules of procedure, as applicable; (iii) shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law; and (iv) shall have authority to award any form of legal or equitable relief; (e) no class relief. the arbitration can resolve only your and/or gnc's individual claims, and the arbitrator shall have no authority to entertain or arbitrate any claims on a class or representative basis, or to consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated; (f) written award. the arbitrator shall issue a written award supported by a statement of decision setting forth the arbitrator's complete determination of the dispute and the factual findings and legal conclusions relevant to it (an "award"). judgment upon the award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof or having jurisdiction over the relevant party or its assets; (g) arbitration costs. in the event that you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, gnc will pay as much of your filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or asserted in bad faith; (h) reasonable attorney's fees. in the event you recover an award greater than gnc's last written settlement offer, the arbitrator shall also have the right to include in the award gnc's reimbursement of your reasonable and actual out-of-pocket attorneys' fees associated with the arbitration, but gnc shall in all events bear its own attorneys' fees; and (i) interpretation and enforcement of arbitration clause. with the exception of subpart (e) above, if any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the applicable rules, then the balance of this arbitration provision shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting provision were not contained herein. if, however, subpart (e) is found to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void, and neither you nor gnc shall be entitled to arbitrate their dispute, and must instead bring any claims in a court of competent jurisdiction. (j) modification of arbitration clause with notice. gnc may modify these arbitration provisions, but such modifications shall only become effective thirty (30) days after gnc has given notice of such modifications and only on a prospective basis for claims arising from gnc transactions and relationships occurring after the effective date of such notification. (k) small claims matters are excluded. no class relief or joinder of claims. notwithstanding the foregoing arbitration provisions, at your option, you may bring any claim you have against gnc in your local small claims court within the u.s., if your claim is within such court's jurisdictional limit; provided that such court does not have the authority to entertain any claims on a class or representative basis, or to consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated in such proceeding. 17. termination. you or we may suspend or terminate your account or your use of this web site at any time, for any reason or for no reason. you are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred through your account prior to termination. we reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of this web site at any time without notice. 18. health related information. the information contained in the web site is provided for informational purposes only and is not meant to substitute for the advice provided by your doctor or other health care professional. you should not use the information available on or through the web site (including, but not limited to, information that may be provided on the web site by healthcare or nutrition professionals employed by or contracting with gnc) for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease, or prescribing any medication. information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. you should read carefully all product packaging prior to use. 19. indemnity. you agree to indemnify and hold gnc and our parents, affiliates (and their franchisees and licensees), and subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, successors and assigns, harmless from any claim, loss or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of our web site, your connection to our web site, your violation of these terms and conditions, or your violation of any rights of another party. this indemnity survives termination of these terms and conditions. 20. domestic use; export restriction. we control the web site from our offices within the united states of america. we make no representation that the web site or its content (including, without limitation, any products or services available on or through the web site) are appropriate or available for use in other locations. users who access the web site from outside the united states of america do so on their own initiative and must bear all responsibility for compliance with local laws, if applicable. further, the united states export control laws prohibit the export of certain technical data and software to certain territories. no content from the web site may be downloaded in violation of united states law. 21. access and interference. you agree that you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the web site for any purpose without our express written permission. additionally, you agree that you will not: (i) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the site or any activities conducted on the web site; or (iii) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the web site. 22. right to takedown content. gnc shall have the right in our sole discretion to edit, refuse to post or remove any material submitted to or posted on the web site at any time without notice. without limiting the foregoing, we shall have the right to remove any material that we find to be in violation of the provisions hereof or otherwise objectionable, and the additional right to deny any user who fails to conform to any provision of these terms and conditions access to the web site or any part thereof. 23. general. our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision by us. if any provision of these terms and conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of our terms and conditions remain in full force and effect. you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the web site or our terms and conditions must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. 24. additional assistance.. if you do not understand any of the foregoing terms and conditions or if you have any questions or comments, we invite you to contact us at gnc, marketing department - 14th floor, 300 sixth avenue, pittsburgh, pa 15222, attn: customer service or e-mail us at customerservice@gnc.com. alternatively, you may call us toll-free at 1-877-gnc-4700. 25. entire agreement. these terms and conditions, and any other documents and policies referenced herein, constitute the complete and exclusive understanding between gnc and you relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior versions of these terms and conditions as well as all prior or contemporaneous understandings, agreements, communications, and/or advertising with respect to such subject matter. 26. revisions to these terms and conditions. these terms and conditions may be revised at any time and from time to time by updating this posting. you should visit this page from time to time to review the then current terms and conditions because they are binding on you. certain provisions of these terms and conditions may be superseded by legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this web site. mygnc rewards and mygnc pro access national terms and conditions last updated: may 29, 2019 please read these terms of use carefully, they contain important information regarding your legal rights including mandatory arbitration, no class relief, and waiver of your right to a jury trial. the mygnc rewards program ("program") is a loyalty program sponsored by and operated by general nutrition corporation (“gnc”). the following program terms and conditions (“t&c”) govern your membership in the program. participation in the program subjects members of the program ("members") to these terms and conditions and as they may be periodically amended or updated at www.gnc.com. any updated t&c replace all previously-published t&c or policies. members have the responsibility to check for any updates to the program or the t&c. if the t&c are updated, any changes will apply to all members, including members enrolled before gnc posts the updated text, except as may be prohibited by law. no changes to the t&c will apply retroactively unless we provide you with specific notice. occasionally gnc may test or make available new offers, promotions or program benefits with a certain subset of members based on factors within gnc’s sole discretion, except as may be prohibited by law. every member is not entitled to participate in every new offer, promotion or program benefit offered through the program. gnc may change these t&c, in whole or in part, at any time without notice, even though changes may affect the benefits available to members and/or the value of the points already accumulated by a member. by establishing a membership, logging on to the member’s account, redeeming points, and/or otherwise participating in the program, you confirm your acceptance of these t&c and the privacy policy. membership eligibility the program is a loyalty rewards program offered by gnc to its customers located in the united states.membership in the program is limited to individuals only and is limited to one account per individual. employees, officers, directors, agents and representatives of gnc and its affiliates or franchisees are eligible for membership but may be excluded from certain promotions. to be eligible for membership, you must provide a valid email address and be age 16 years or older. eligible minors must obtain their parent's or legal guardian's consent prior to participation. the program is offered in the english language only. you must be located in the united states in order for us to provide membership benefits to you. you may enroll in the program by visiting a participating gnc retail location or signing up online at www.gnc.com or via the gnc livewell app (the “app”). each applicant will be required to provide, without limitation, his or her name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. gnc may, in its discretion, require additional information or verification in connection with your application. you may also be asked to provide other information about yourself such as your birthdate and interests so that we may provide a more personalized program, but this information is optional. gnc reserves the right to refuse or restrict your participation in the program for any reason. no purchase of products is necessary to become a member. the program is void where prohibited by law. affiliates, partners or distributors of gnc may also have similar customer programs; membership in the program does not make you a member or confer any rights or benefits in the program of any other gnc affiliate, partner or distributor of gnc. members are responsible for maintaining accurate and updated personal information regarding their account ("account"). members can obtain information about the program, their account activity, and change their profile preferences and contact information at any time by visiting www.gnc.com or the app. account and program information may also be obtained by contacting gnc customer service ("customer service") by mail at: 300 sixth avenue, pittsburgh, pa 15222. by phone, call toll-free: 877.462.4700 . pro members (see “mygnc pro access membership” below) can call 866.214.2469. in connection with your membership, you will be required to select a password in order to access your account online. you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of these login credentials, and you are solely responsible for all use of your login credentials to access your account, whether authorized by you or not. we strongly recommend that you log out of your account when not in use. you agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or any other breach of account security. access and use of a program account is restricted to authorized members. individuals, including members, attempting to access any restricted areas of the program without authorization may be subject to prosecution. the collection and use of any information you provide to us during registration or participation in the program will be governed by our privacy policy (www.gnc.com/privacy) as may be revised or amended at any time. communications when you enroll in the program, you consent to receive (a) transactional email regarding the status of your account and the program; and (b) marketing and promotional email offers and updates from the program and from gnc and its affiliates. members may not unsubscribe from receiving transactional email regarding the program. members may withdraw consent and unsubscribe from gnc and/or affiliate or partner marketing and promotional emails at any time via the unsubscribe link in that email. members can also unsubscribe from receiving marketing and promotional email by calling 877.462.4700 . pro members can call 866.214.2469. offers as a member, you will receive several offers during your membership. offers may include, but are not limited to, percent-off and dollar-off coupons, points-earning opportunities, birthday offers, shipping discounts, shopping events and other promotions. offers will be subject to additional details, exclusions and terms. in addition, as a member, you may receive other opportunities, such as early notification about upcoming events and sales, notification of new products and personalized recommendations. earning points you earn program points whenever you make a purchase at a store or at www.gnc.com. at the store register you will need to provide your telephone number or email address registered with your program account (either, a “membership identifier”) and at www.gnc.com you will need to be logged in to your program account. if you provide your membership identifier in store at the register, you can receive updates about your account, such as your point balance and whether you have qualified for any rewards. you can also access your account information online by logging into your account at www.gnc.com or the app. points cannot be accumulated on purchases made (a) before a member initiates an account or (b) under “guest” checkout at www.gnc.com when not logged in to your program account. members accumulate one point for every $1 spent on any eligible product purchase when a member's membership identifier is provided at time of purchase. notwithstanding the foregoing, points and their values: (a) are determined by gnc in its sole discretion; (b) are subject to change without notice; and (c) may vary among activities and promotions. the dollar amount of any eligible product purchased will be rounded to the nearest whole dollar before accumulated points are calculated (i.e., $0.50 or higher is rounded up, $0.49 or lower is rounded down). the dollar amount for the purpose of calculating point earned is on the actual dollars spent at checkout, less taxes, fees, delivery charges, rebates, or other excluded charges. points earned in-store, will be credited to a member's account within approximately 24-48 hours from the time of purchase. points earned online at gnc.com will be credited to a member’s account within 48 hours following notification that all items in the order have shipped. no adjustments to a member's account will be made after 30 days from the actual purchase date, except at gnc's sole discretion. gnc is the final authority on accrual and crediting of points and reserves the right to deny or revoke points at any time if gnc determines that they were improperly or mistakenly obtained, accrued or credited. gnc has the right, in its full and final discretion, to limit the aggregate number of points accrued on an annual basis. members do not accumulate points for the amount of any coupons redeemed or discounts applied to a purchase. points may not be earned on the purchase of gift cards or on the purchase or renewal of a mygnc pro access membership. other exclusions and limitations may apply. points expiration and non-transferability points expire 365 days from issuance so long as the member has not been terminated or withdrawn from the program. points cannot be earned by a member after the program is terminated or the member’s participation in the program has been terminated. unless prohibited by law, unused points automatically are forfeited upon termination of the program or when a member’s program account is cancelled or terminated or the member’s participation in the program otherwise is terminated. membership, points, accounts, offers and reward certificates are nontransferable, have no cash value, may not be purchased, and are not redeemable for cash under any circumstances except as required by law. accumulated points, offers and rewards certificates do not constitute property of the member. accumulated points and coupons are not transferable by the member upon death, as part of a domestic relations matter, or otherwise. points and other benefits of the program may be taxable where required by law. accrual and redemption of points are void where prohibited by applicable laws or regulations and are subject to change as may be necessary to comply with such laws or regulations. entities or persons using the program for profit are not eligible to become members or to accumulate points. points redemption, reward redemption, redemption, and other benefits a member will earn a $5 reward (each, a “reward”) every time the member earns 150 points. at your option, you may choose for each reward to auto-issue to you once you have earned the points necessary for the reward or you may choose to “bank” your points and have a reward issued to you at a time of your choosing. if you choose to auto-issue your rewards, gnc will automatically issue you a reward every time you earn 150 points. if you choose to activate a reward at a time of your choosing, gnc will issue the reward according to your instructions. if you choose to bank your points, the maximum amount of points that may be redeemed for a reward at any one time is 1,500. in the event you do not affirmatively choose between auto-issuing or “banking” your points, your account will have a default setting to auto-issue a reward every time you earn 150 points. you will be sent an account statement on a monthly basis by email, at the email address registered with your account, which will reflect the status of your account. we suggest adding gnc.com to the approved senders list in any spam filter you are using. we have no responsibility for ensuring that you receive emails we send to you. upon issuing a reward, gnc will deduct the applicable number of points from your member account. the corresponding reward will appear in your online account and there will be a code assigned to each reward that you can use to redeem the reward. rewards can be used in participating gnc retail locations and online at www.gnc.com. rewards may not be used at third-party stores which sell gnc products. to redeem your reward at a gnc physical store, you must provide the telephone number or email address associated with your account at the time of purchase. to redeem your reward online at www.gnc.com, you need to log-in to your account. rewards expire 30 days from their date of issue for mygnc rewards members and 60 days from their date of issue for pro access members, so remember to use them promptly. you can use as many rewards as you wish, and may combine up to ten (10) rewards into a single transaction, as long as the rewards have not yet expired. rewards cannot be used for gift cards, prior purchases, shipping and handling fees, taxes ordonations no partial redemptions. if the price of merchandise you wish to purchase is more than the value of a reward, you will need to pay for the remaining cost of the product. if the price of merchandise you wish to purchase is less than the value of the reward, the remaining value of the reward will be sacrificed and cannot be used towards a future purchase. no reissue of rewards or points upon returns. we will not return or reissue to you any rewards you used to purchase merchandise, or restore points to your program account, if or when you return the merchandise to us. if the transaction required you to pay anything above and beyond the reward amount, we will refund the amount you actually paid toward the transaction. additional exclusions and limitations related to rewards may be specified at the discretion of gnc. members may be notified of additional eligible and ineligible merchandise at the point of redemption. no resale of products products purchased or obtained under the program are for members’ personal use only. members are prohibited from reselling any product acquired under the program (including eligible products purchased to accumulate points and eligible products acquired through the redemption of a reward). should a member resell any product purchased or otherwise obtained pursuant to the program, gnc reserves its rights to take any and all actions it deems necessary to address such violation, including, but not limited to, terminating the member’s membership and forfeiture of the member’s points accrued in the program. returns if you return merchandise, the points you had earned from the purchase of that merchandise will be deducted from your points balance. except as may be required by law, in the event that member returns merchandise that was partially or wholly paid for with a coupon(s), the coupon(s) and points used in connection with the purchase will not be reissued. negative point balances never expire, but a member can move into a positive point balance by making purchases or engaging in any other announced activities which can be used to earn points. mygnc pro access membership at time of enrollment, or at any time after initial enrollment, a member may purchase a mygnc pro access membership by visiting a store location or online at www.gnc.com or via the app (a “pro member” or “pro membership”). membership in the mygnc pro access level is subject to these t&c as revised or amended at any time pursuant to the terms herein. a pro member is entitled to the following benefits, which may be revised or amended at any time: (a) access to exclusive pro member sales, (b) free shipping to destinations within the continental united states all year for purchases made at www.gnc.com, and (c) customized pro boxes delivered to the pro member two times per year (consisting of new products, samples, coupons or other merchandise) (delivery of pro boxes is not available outside of the united states). delivery of two pro boxes during the annual pro membership period is contingent on completion of the required profile information promptly upon enrollment. in the event of the verification of a pro member’s address significantly after the time of enrollment, the pro member may receive fewer than two pro boxes. in the event a pro member does not pay to renew the annual pro membership, such member’s account will be changed to reflect membership in the free program and such member will no longer receive the benefits of the pro membership. this revision for failure to renew a pro membership will not result in the loss of accumulated points or applicable mygnc pro access membership auto renewal when you agree to enter into our mygnc pro access membership auto renewal program, you authorize your payment method to be charged the current mygnc pro access membership fee plus any applicable taxes and also authorize your payment method to be automatically charged the then current mygnc pro access membership fee in the future on an annual basis, plus any applicable taxes. you can cancel this subscription at any time by accessing your account page after log in on gnc.com, or by calling 1.866.214.2469. cancellations must occur prior to the expiration of your membership year, in order to ensure that the recurring charge will not be applied. there are no refunds or credits for partial months if you choose to cancel before the end of any subscription year. vip membership gnc at its sole discretion may invite certain members to participate in a vip tier of the program. vip members will remain in vip status for current calendar year, from the date they first are invited and activate their vip membership. cancellation a member may cancel his or her membership by notifying customer service by mail or telephone. gnc, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to cancel an individual membership. cancellation of membership results in loss of all accumulated points. members who cancel voluntarily may not re-activate the account but are eligible to open a new account without the benefit of the previously accumulated points. you may not earn or redeem points after cancellation. please note that, in some cases, you may continue receiving messages, including messages that were scheduled for delivery prior to cancellation, for a brief period of time after you cancel your membership. the purchase price for a pro membership is non-refundable. changes, termination and/or removal from program gnc may, in its sole discretion, alter, limit, or modify the program rules, regulations, benefits, eligibility for membership, or any other feature of the program (including assigning any of its obligations to customers under the program at any time to another person or entity, without recourse) or may terminate the program any time at its sole discretion, by posting any such changes on the www.gnc.com website. gnc reserves the right to exclude individuals from the program in its sole discretion at any time and for any reason without liability to us. any abuse of the program, failure to follow these t&c or any other terms of the program, membership inactivity for more than 12 months, any misrepresentation or any conduct detrimental to the interests of gnc, including without limitation any attempt by you to accrue points or redeem points for the program fraudulently or through other than legitimate channels or tamper with the points accrual or redemption process or your violation of applicable law may subject result in revocation of your membership and future disqualification from participation and forfeiture of all points accrued in the program. membership is non-transferable and membership purchases must be made by the member. if your membership is revoked or otherwise cancelled, any points in your account will automatically expire. in connection with the enforcement of any of the t&c governing the program, gnc reserves the right to take appropriate legal action, as it deems necessary, and to recover damages, attorneys' fees and court costs. the failure to exercise or enforce any right hereunder or any other provision of this t&c shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by gnc in writing. legal terms entire agreement. these t&c, and any other documents and policies referenced herein, constitute the complete and exclusive understanding between gnc and member relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior versions of these t&c as well as all prior or contemporaneous understandings, agreements, communications, and/or advertising with respect to such subject matter. proprietary rights. you acknowledge that program content (including but not limited to text, sound, photographs, graphics, button icons, digital downloads, data compilations (including member and gnc information) logos or other material contained in any gnc communication, advertisement or message, whether by gnc or its advertisers), information about gnc and its products and services, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, and software are protected by copyright, trademark, service marks, patents and/or other proprietary rights and laws; therefore, any such content may be displayed solely for your personal, non-commercial use. you agree not to modify, reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate any such material without the written permission of gnc or its appropriate affiliate or licensor. gnc does not license any sponsor, advertiser, partner, member or user to use any portion, or all, of the program without our express prior written consent. notices. notices given by gnc will be transmitted, in our sole discretion, by e-mail or regular mail to the addresses on file with your account, or by general posting on the program website or at our retail stores. waiver of claims. participation in the program and any of its associated benefits, including the program rewards, is at member’s sole risk. the program rewards and other program benefits are provided only on an “as is” and “as available” and “with all faults” basis. member hereby releases and waives any and all claims against gnc and its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their employees, directors, officers, members, shareholders, agents, vendors and contractors (collectively, the “program providers”) arising out of, or in connection with, member’s enrollment or participation in the program, the availability, redemption, or use of any program reward, the information available thereon, the modification or termination of this program or any aspect of the program. limitation of liability. the program providers shall not be liable to member or anyone else for any loss or injury or any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or similar damages, including, but not limited to, loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses, arising out of member’s (i) access or use of, or inability to access or use, the program or the program rewards, (ii) unauthorized access to or alteration of member’s program account data, including points, (iii) access or use of, or inability to access or use, information made available through the program or arising out of any action taken in response to or as a result of any information available through the program, or (iv) any other matter relating to the program. in addition, gnc is not responsible, and assume no liability, for any changes or discontinuances of goods or service from our suppliers, which may affect the availability of program rewards or the accrual of points. in no event will the program parties’ total liability to you for all damages, losses or causes of action exceed $50 usd or the value of any redeemed program reward that is subject to such damage, loss or cause of action, whichever is less. disclaimer of warranties. the program providers expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement, warranties related to the availability and use of program rewards, and any warranties that the program will be uninterrupted, timely or error free or that defects will be corrected. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by a member from or through the program or gnc shall create any warranty not expressly made herein. gnc shall not be liable or responsible for any guarantees, warranties or representations, if any, offered by advertisers, manufacturers of merchandise, or suppliers of services. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental, consequential or other damages. accordingly, some of the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you. indemnification. you agree to indemnify and hold the program providers harmless from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (i) your participation in the program, (ii) your use of any program reward, or (iii) your violation of this agreement. you understand, acknowledge and agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to the program or this agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. choice of law; jurisdiction. these t&c will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of or relating to the program will be brought only in the federal or state courts in allegheny county, pennsylvania. a printed version of these t&c will be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these t&c to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. general. our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these t&c shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision by us. if any provision of these t&c is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of our t&c remain in full force and effect. by participating in the program, you affirm that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these t&c, and to abide by and comply with these t&c. arbitration please read this section carefully. it affects your rights and how claims that you and gnc have against each other are resolved. this section is deemed to be a “written agreement to arbitrate” pursuant to the federal arbitration act. you and gnc agree that we intend that this section satisfies the “writing” requirement of the federal arbitration act. this section can only be amended by mutual agreement. we believe that arbitration is a faster, more convenient and less expensive way to resolve any disputes or disagreements that you may have with us. therefore, pursuant to these t &c, if you have any dispute or disagreement with us regarding (i) your use of or interaction with the program, (ii) any purchases or other transactions or relationships with gnc, or (iii) any data or information you may provide to gnc or that gnc may gather in connection with such use, interaction or transaction (collectively, “gnc transactions or relationships”), you will not have the right to pursue a claim in court, or have a jury decide the claim and you will not have the right to bring or participate in any class action or similar proceeding in court or in arbitration. by using or interacting with the program, or engaging in any other gnc transactions or relationships with us, you agree to binding arbitration as provided below. we will make every reasonable effort to informally resolve any complaints, disputes, or disagreements that you may have with us. if those efforts fail, by using our program, you agree that any complaint, dispute, or disagreement you may have against gnc, and any claim that gnc may have against you, arising out of, relating to, or connected in any way with these t&c, our privacy policy, or any gnc transactions or relationships shall be resolved exclusively by final and binding arbitration (“arbitration”) administered by jams or its successor (“jams”) and conducted in accordance with the jams streamlined arbitration rules and procedures in effect at the time the arbitration is initiated or, if the amount in controversy exceeds $100,000, in accordance with the jams comprehensive arbitration rules and procedures then in effect (respectively, the “applicable rules”). the applicable rules can be found at www.jamsadr.com. if jams is no longer in existence, the arbitration shall be administered by the american arbitration association or its successor (the “aaa”) instead, and conducted in accordance with the aaa commercial arbitration rules in effect at that time (which shall be the “applicable rules” in such circumstances). if jams (or, if applicable, aaa) at the time the arbitration is filed has minimum standards of procedural fairness for consumer arbitrations in effect which would be applicable to the matter in dispute, gnc agrees to provide the benefit of such minimum standards to you to the extent they are more favorable than the comparable arbitration provisions set forth in this section, provided, however, that in no event may such minimum standards contravene or restrict the application of subpart (e) or (i) below. furthermore, this section shall not prevent any party from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. you further agree that: (a) single arbitrator. the arbitration shall be conducted before a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the applicable rules or by mutual agreement between you and gnc (the “arbitrator”); (b) arbitrator will interpret this agreement. the arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute arising under or relating to the validity, interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of these t&c and/or these arbitration provisions in this section hereof, including but not limited to any claim that all or any part of these t&c is void or voidable; (c) location of arbitration. the arbitration shall be held either: (i) at a location determined by jams (or, if applicable, aaa) pursuant to the applicable rules (provided that such location is reasonably convenient for you and does not require travel in excess of 100 miles from your home or place of business); or (ii) at such other location as may be mutually agreed upon by you and gnc; or (iii) at your election, if the only claims in the arbitration are asserted by you and are for less than $10,000 in aggregate, by telephone or by written submission. (d) governing law. the arbitrator (i) shall apply internal laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania consistent with the federal arbitration act and applicable statutes of limitations, or, to the extent (if any) that federal law prevails, shall apply the law of the u.s., irrespective of any conflict of law principles; (ii) shall entertain any motion to dismiss, motion to strike, motion for judgment on the pleadings, motion for complete or partial summary judgment, motion for summary adjudication, or any other dispositive motion consistent with pennsylvania or federal rules of procedure, as applicable; (iii) shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law; and (iv) shall have authority to award any form of legal or equitable relief; (e) no class relief. the arbitration can resolve only your and/or gnc’s individual claims, and the arbitrator shall have no authority to entertain or arbitrate any claims on a class or representative basis, or to consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated; (f) written award. the arbitrator shall issue a written award supported by a statement of decision setting forth the arbitrator’s complete determination of the dispute and the factual findings and legal conclusions relevant to it (an “award”). judgment upon the award may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof or having jurisdiction over the relevant party or its assets; (g) arbitration costs. in the event that you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, gnc will pay as much of your filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that your claim(s) were frivolous or asserted in bad faith; (h) reasonable attorney’s fees. in the event you recover an award greater than gnc’s last written settlement offer, the arbitrator shall also have the right to include in the award gnc’s reimbursement of your reasonable and actual out-of-pocket attorneys’ fees associated with the arbitration, but gnc shall in all events bear its own attorneys’ fees; and (i) interpretation and enforcement of arbitration clause. with the exception of subpart (e) above, if any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the applicable rules, then the balance of this arbitration provision shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting provision were not contained herein. if, however, subpart (e) is found to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void, and neither you nor gnc shall be entitled to arbitrate their dispute, and must instead bring any claims in a court of competent jurisdiction. (j) modification of arbitration clause with notice. gnc may modify these arbitration provisions, but such modifications shall only become effective thirty (30) days after gnc has given notice of such modifications and only on a prospective basis for claims arising from gnc transactions and relationships occurring after the effective date of such notification. (k) small claims matters are excluded. no class relief or joinder of claims. notwithstanding the foregoing arbitration provisions, at your option, you may bring any claim you have against gnc in your local small claims court within the u.s., if your claim is within such court’s jurisdictional limit; provided that such court does not have the authority to entertain any claims on a class or representative basis, or to consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated in such proceeding. copyright notice the software and other technology components of this web site are © 1997-2015, ebay enterprise or its affiliates and suppliers. the contents of this web site are © 2015, general nutrition centers, inc., ebay enterprise or their respective affiliates and suppliers. all rights reserved. notification of claimed copyright infringement if you believe that your work has been copied or otherwise has been made available through this web site or our systems or network in a way that constitutes infringement under the copyright act, please provide the following information to our designated agent (identified below) for receipt of notification of claimed infringement (to ensure that your notification complies with the requirement of the digital millennium copyright act, please see 17 u.s.c. § 512(c)(3)): an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notification is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. upon notice of alleged copyright infringement, we will proceed as dictated by title ii of the digital millennium copyright act (17 u.s.c.a. § 512). designated agent: mitchell altschuler ebay enterprise 935 first avenue king of prussia, pa 19406 telephone: (610) 491-7155 facsimile: (610) 265-1730 e-mail: altschulerm@gsicommerce.com mobile alerts you may decide to have promotional text messages sent directly to your mobile device. this program is completely voluntary, and messages will be sent to you only if you have opted in to receive them. consent is not required as a condition of purhcase. message and data rates may apply. if you have errantly received a marketing text message without opting in to the program, or if you wish to opt out of receiving text messages, you can cancel the program at any time by either: texting the keyword "stop" to the short code 46248; or contacting client services by email at customer-service@gnc-hq.com or by phone at 1-888-462-2548 you will need to provide your mobile phone number in order to be removed from the program. it may take up to 10 days to process your stop request. you may receive additional text messages from gnc during this time. gnc respects your privacy and your mobile number will only be used in this text message program by gnc and its third party marketing partners administering this program on gnc's behalf as set forth above. terms & conditions gnc mobile alerts program. by providing your mobile phone number you are subscribing to receive promotional text messages and alerts from gnc. promotional text messaging shall include event alerts, updates, discounts, and special offers. you will receive up to five (5) messages per month. message and data rates may apply. if you have errantly received a marketing text message without opting in to the program, or if you wish to opt out of receiving text messages, you can cancel the program at any time by either: texting "stop" to short code 46248; or contacting client services by email at customer-service@gnc-hq.com or by phone at 1-888-462-2548 when canceling via email or by calling the toll free number above, you will need to provide your mobile phone number in order to be removed from the program. it may take up to ten (10) days to process your request. you may receive additional text messages from gnc during this time. you may text "help" to short code 46248 to receive additional information regarding gnc's mobile alerts program. gnc respects your privacy and your mobile number will only be used in conjunction with this mobile alerts program by gnc and its third party marketing partners administering this program on gnc's behalf. please consult the applicable wireless service agreement for your individual pricing plan. text messaging may not be available for all service providers or for all handsets. the carriers supported by this program are as follows: at&t, sprint, t-mobile, verizon wireless, alltel, u.s. cellular, boost, nextel and metro pcs. cellular phone carriers' instructions for text messaging may be different. check your user's manual for phone capabilities and specific instructions. gnc makes no guarantee that any particular wireless service provider will participate. for additional information, contact gnc client services by email or by phone at 1-877-gnc-4700 2019 - 2020 gnc student rush squad pop quiz sweepstakes official rules no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win this sweepstakes.  open only to legal residents of the fifty (50) united states and d.c., age 18 or older.  void where prohibited. u.s. law governs this sweepstakes. no purchase necessary. a purchase will not increase your chances of winning. eligibility: to participate in any of the 5 sweepstakes listed below, you must be a legal resident of the 50 united states or the district of columbia, be at least 18 years of age at time of entry, and currently enrolled in an educational program (with proof of id). employees of gnc, instagram, inc., their affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, vendors, employees and immediate family of such employees (defined as spouse, irs dependent, or biological, adoptive or step-mother, father, sister, brother, daughter or son, and each of their respective spouses), or those who reside in the same household as any person in any of the preceding categories, are not eligible to participate. void outside the 50 united states and d.c. and where prohibited. how to enter: the entry period for each sweepstakes begins at 9 a.m. eastern time (et) on each day the contest is live and ends at 4:30 p.m. et on the same day, the “entry period”. to enter, during the entry period, participants must: 1. stop into one of the participating giveaway locations (550 wood street, pittsburgh, pa 15222; 5530 walnut street, pittsburgh pa 15232; 1000 ross park mall drive spc l08, pittsburgh, pa 15237; 301 south hills village, pittsburgh, pa 15241) and 2. present a current/valid student id to collect the day’s student rush squad fan item. to be entered in the student rush ticket giveaway, students must share a selfie/picture wearing the newest student rush squad fan item in a post on instagram and include #gncstudentrush in the post copy by 4:30 p.m. et during the entry period. entry times will be determined using sponsor’s computer, which will be the official clock for the sweepstakes. normal time rates, if any, charged by internet service provider will apply. there is a limit of one (1) entry per person each day the contest is live. no purchase is necessary. penguins game date sweepstakes opening date sweepstakes promotion period est wednesday, october 16, 2019 wednesday, october 16, 2019 10:00am – 4:00pm tuesday, november 19, 2019 tuesday, november 19, 2019 10:00am – 4:00pm thursday, december 12, 2019 thursday, december 12, 2019 10:00am – 4:00pm thursday, january 2, 2020 thursday, january 2, 2020 10:00am – 4:00pm tuesday, february 18, 2020 tuesday, february 18, 2020 10:00am – 4:00pm winner selection and notification: within 30 minutes of the sweepstakes close, 2 winners will be selected by sponsor or its agent at random from among all eligible entries received. the odds of winning will depend on the number of eligible entries received. the potential winner will be notified in the form of a response on instagram and may in sponsor’s discretion be required to complete and return to sponsor an affidavit of eligibility/release of liability, and, if legally permissible, a publicity release within the specified time period. if a potential winner does not respond to the notification within 30 minutes, or if any attempted notification or prize delivery is returned as undeliverable, or if a potential winner fails to complete and return any required affidavit or release within the specified time period, the potential winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner selected. if a potential winner is a minor under the laws of his or her jurisdiction of residency, sponsor reserves the right in its discretion to award the prize to a parent or legal guardian and/or to require a parent or legal guardian to complete any required affidavit/release. prize(s): the prize for each sweepstakes consists of (1 pair- 2 tickets) to the pittsburgh penguins home game on the day of the sweepstakes. specific prize details, components and features will be determined by sponsor in its discretion.  the approximate retail value (arv) of the prize is $89.50. general prize terms and conditions: all federal, state, local taxes on prize value, if applicable, are the responsibility of the winner. an irs form 1099 will be issued if required by law. the prizes will be awarded if properly claimed. no substitution, cash redemption or transfer of the right to receive a prize is permitted, except in the discretion of sponsor, which reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. prizes consist only of those items expressly specified in these official rules as being part of the prize. all expenses or costs associated with the acceptance or use of the prize are the responsibility of the winner. prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty, except as required by law. terms and conditions: no transfer, substitution or cash value equivalent for any prize is available, except at sole discretion of sponsor. this sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws. all federal, state, or other tax liabilities, if applicable, are the sole responsibility of the prizewinner. by participating, entrants agree to be bound by these official rules and the decisions of the sponsor, judges and independent sweepstakes administrator, and waive any right to claim ambiguity in regard to the sweepstakes mechanics, and/or the interpretation of these official rules. release and limitations of liability: by participating in the sweepstakes, participants agree to release and hold harmless sponsor, instagram and any vendors/prize providers and their related companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with this sweepstakes or any prize won, including any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with participation in the sweepstakes. sponsor is not responsible for any typographical or other error in the printing of this offer, administration of the sweepstakes or in the announcement of prizes. in the event sponsor is prevented from continuing with this sweepstakes, or the integrity and/or feasibility of the sweepstakes is undermined by any event including but not limited to fire, flood, epidemic, earthquake, explosion, labor dispute or strike, act of god or public enemy, satellite or equipment failure, riot or civil disturbance, war (declared or undeclared), terrorist threat or activity, or any federal, state or local government law, order or regulation, order of any court or jurisdiction, or other cause not reasonably within sponsor's control (each a "force majeure" event or occurrence), sponsor shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to abbreviate, modify, suspend, cancel, or terminate the sweepstakes without further obligation and, if so, sponsor reserves the right, but not the obligation, to award the prize from among all valid and eligible entries received up to the time of such force majeure event. all entries are the property of sponsor and are not returnable. disputes: the laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania (usa), without regard to its conflict of law rules, will govern this sweepstakes and the official rules. entrant agrees that any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of, or connected with, the sweepstakes and the official rules or any prize awarded shall be brought and resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively in the state and federal courts located in allegheny county, pennsylvania (usa). winners list and official rules: winner may be posted on instagram after winner is notified and eligibility is confirmed. to obtain a copy of these official rules or a list of winners via mail, send a self-addressed, stamped envelope to: general nutrition corporation global headquarters, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. attention: student rush instagram giveaway sponsor: general nutrition corporation, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. this sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with instagram, inc. the participant is providing information to general nutrition corporation and not to instagram, inc. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the sweepstakes should be directed to gnc’s social media department. gnc x garden of life facebook giveaway official rules no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win this sweepstakes.  open only to legal residents of the fifty (50) united states and d.c., age 18 or older.  void where prohibited. u.s. law governs this sweepstakes. no purchase necessary. a purchase will not increase your chances of winning. eligibility: to participate, you must be a legal resident of the 50 united states or the district of columbia and be at least 18 years of age at time of entry. employees of gnc, facebook, inc., their affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, vendors, employees and immediate family of such employees (defined as spouse, irs dependent, or biological, adoptive or step-mother, father, sister, brother, daughter or son, and each of their respective spouses), or those who reside in the same household as any person in any of the preceding categories, are not eligible to participate. void outside the 50 united states and d.c. and where prohibited. how to enter: the entry period for each sweepstakes begins at 9 a.m. eastern time (et) on tuesday 11/12/19 and end at 11:59pm on thursday 11/14/19. to enter, during the entry period, participants must comment on the designated sweepstakes facebook post answering the question in post copy. there is a limit of one (1) entry per person each day the contest is live. no purchase is necessary. winner selection and notification: on friday 11/15/19, (5) winners will be selected and notified in the form of a response from gnc live well via the comments section of the giveaway facebook post and may in sponsor’s discretion be required to complete and return to sponsor an affidavit of eligibility/release of liability, and, if legally permissible, a publicity release within the specified time period. if winners fail to respond within 24 hours, or if any attempted notification or prize delivery is returned as undeliverable, or if a potential winner fails to complete and return any required affidavit or release within the specified time period, the potential winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner selected. if a potential winner is a minor under the laws of his or her jurisdiction of residency, sponsor reserves the right in its discretion to award the prize to a parent or legal guardian and/or to require a parent or legal guardian to complete any required affidavit/release. prize(s): the prize for each sweepstakes consists of (1) garden of life x patagonia branded backpack, (1) gnc shaker cup, and (4) garden of life products (raw probiotics, raw organic meal replacement, once daily multivitamin – men’s and women’s). total arv for prize package is $235.00. general prize terms and conditions: all federal, state, local taxes on prize value, if applicable, are the responsibility of the winner. an irs form 1099 will be issued if required by law. the prizes will be awarded if properly claimed. no substitution, cash redemption or transfer of the right to receive a prize is permitted, except in the discretion of sponsor, which reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. prizes consist only of those items expressly specified in these official rules as being part of the prize. all expenses or costs associated with the acceptance or use of the prize are the responsibility of the winner. prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty, except as required by law. terms and conditions: no transfer, substitution or cash value equivalent for any prize is available, except at sole discretion of sponsor. this sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws. all federal, state, or other tax liabilities, if applicable, are the sole responsibility of the prizewinner. by participating, entrants agree to be bound by these official rules and the decisions of the sponsor, judges and independent sweepstakes administrator, and waive any right to claim ambiguity in regard to the sweepstakes mechanics, and/or the interpretation of these official rules. release and limitations of liability: by participating in the sweepstakes, participants agree to release and hold harmless sponsor, facebook and any vendors/prize providers and their related companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with this sweepstakes or any prize won, including any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with participation in the sweepstakes. sponsor is not responsible for any typographical or other error in the printing of this offer, administration of the sweepstakes or in the announcement of prizes. in the event sponsor is prevented from continuing with this sweepstakes, or the integrity and/or feasibility of the sweepstakes is undermined by any event including but not limited to fire, flood, epidemic, earthquake, explosion, labor dispute or strike, act of god or public enemy, satellite or equipment failure, riot or civil disturbance, war (declared or undeclared), terrorist threat or activity, or any federal, state or local government law, order or regulation, order of any court or jurisdiction, or other cause not reasonably within sponsor's control (each a "force majeure" event or occurrence), sponsor shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to abbreviate, modify, suspend, cancel, or terminate the sweepstakes without further obligation and, if so, sponsor reserves the right, but not the obligation, to award the prize from among all valid and eligible entries received up to the time of such force majeure event. all entries are the property of sponsor and are not returnable. disputes: the laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania (usa), without regard to its conflict of law rules, will govern this sweepstakes and the official rules. entrant agrees that any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of, or connected with, the sweepstakes and the official rules or any prize awarded shall be brought and resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively in the state and federal courts located in allegheny county, pennsylvania (usa). winners list and official rules: winner may be posted on facebook after winner is notified and eligibility is confirmed. to obtain a copy of these official rules or a list of winners via mail, send a self-addressed, stamped envelope to: general nutrition corporation global headquarters, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. attention: gnc x garden of life giveaway sponsor: general nutrition corporation, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with facebook. you understand that you are providing your information to the owner of this facebook page and not to facebook. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the sweepstakes should be directed to gnc’s social media department. gnc holiday #giftsforgoals instagram giveaway official rules no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win this sweepstakes.  open only to legal residents of the fifty (50) united states and d.c., age 18 or older.  void where prohibited. u.s. law governs this sweepstakes. no purchase necessary. a purchase will not increase your chances of winning. eligibility: to participate, you must be a legal resident of the 50 united states or the district of columbia and be at least 18 years of age at time of entry. employees of gnc, facebook, inc., their affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, vendors, employees and immediate family of such employees (defined as spouse, irs dependent, or biological, adoptive or step-mother, father, sister, brother, daughter or son, and each of their respective spouses), or those who reside in the same household as any person in any of the preceding categories, are not eligible to participate. void outside the 50 united states and d.c. and where prohibited. how to enter: the entry period for each sweepstakes will be the length of one full day, with the first sweepstakes for runners beginning at 12 p.m. eastern time (et) on monday 12/9/19 and ending at 11:59am on tuesday 12/10/19, the sweepstakes for crossfit beginning at 12 p.m. eastern time (et) on tuesday 12/10/19 and ending at 11:59am on wednesday 12/11/19, the sweepstakes for yoga beginning at 12 p.m. eastern time (et) on wednesday 12/11/19 and ending at 11:59am on thursday 12/12/19, and the sweepstakes for gift cards beginning at 12 p.m. eastern time (et) on thursday 12/12/19 and ending at 11:59am on friday 12/13/19. to enter, during the entry period, participants must comment on the designated sweepstakes instagram post answering the question in post copy. there is a limit of one (1) entry per person each day the contest is live. no purchase is necessary. winner selection and notification: on friday 12/13/19, (2) winners from each sweepstakes (8 winners total) will be selected and notified in the form of a response from gnc live well via the comments section of each of the giveaway instagram post and may be required to complete and return to sponsor an affidavit of eligibility/release of liability, and, if legally permissible, a publicity release within the specified time period. if winners fail to respond within 24 hours, or if any attempted notification or prize delivery is returned as undeliverable, or if a potential winner fails to complete and return any required affidavit or release within the specified time period, the potential winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner selected. if a potential winner is a minor under the laws of his or her jurisdiction of residency, sponsor reserves the right in its discretion to award the prize to a parent or legal guardian and/or to require a parent or legal guardian to complete any required affidavit/release. prize(s): the prize for the runners sweepstakes consists of (1) gofit foam roller, (1) box of liquid iv, (1) tommie copper knee sleeve and (1) gnc shaker cup. total arv for prize package is $89.96. the prize for the yoga sweepstakes consists of (1) gofit yoga kit, (1) box of smart sweets peach rings, (1) gnc shaker cup, (1) tommie copper knee sleeve and (1) package of tommie copper socks. total arv for prize package is $99.96. the prize package for the crossfit sweepstakes is (1) gnc shaker cup, (1) tommie copper knee sleeve, (1) swag outfitters genesis sport headband, (1) beyond raw lit holiday pack and (1) box of quest chips. total arv for prize package is $92.95. the prize package for the gift card sweepstakes is (1) $100 gift card and (1) gnc shaker cup. total arv for prize package is $109.99. general prize terms and conditions: all federal, state, local taxes on prize value, if applicable, are the responsibility of the winner. an irs form 1099 will be issued if required by law. the prizes will be awarded if properly claimed. no substitution, cash redemption or transfer of the right to receive a prize is permitted, except in the discretion of sponsor, which reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. prizes consist only of those items expressly specified in these official rules as being part of the prize. all expenses or costs associated with the acceptance or use of the prize are the responsibility of the winner. prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty, except as required by law. terms and conditions: no transfer, substitution or cash value equivalent for any prize is available, except at sole discretion of sponsor. this sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws. all federal, state, or other tax liabilities, if applicable, are the sole responsibility of the prizewinner. by participating, entrants agree to be bound by these official rules and the decisions of the sponsor, judges and independent sweepstakes administrator, and waive any right to claim ambiguity in regard to the sweepstakes mechanics, and/or the interpretation of these official rules. release and limitations of liability: by participating in the sweepstakes, participants agree to release and hold harmless sponsor, facebook and any vendors/prize providers and their related companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with this sweepstakes or any prize won, including any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with participation in the sweepstakes. sponsor is not responsible for any typographical or other error in the printing of this offer, administration of the sweepstakes or in the announcement of prizes. in the event sponsor is prevented from continuing with this sweepstakes, or the integrity and/or feasibility of the sweepstakes is undermined by any event including but not limited to fire, flood, epidemic, earthquake, explosion, labor dispute or strike, act of god or public enemy, satellite or equipment failure, riot or civil disturbance, war (declared or undeclared), terrorist threat or activity, or any federal, state or local government law, order or regulation, order of any court or jurisdiction, or other cause not reasonably within sponsor's control (each a "force majeure" event or occurrence), sponsor shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to abbreviate, modify, suspend, cancel, or terminate the sweepstakes without further obligation and, if so, sponsor reserves the right, but not the obligation, to award the prize from among all valid and eligible entries received up to the time of such force majeure event. all entries are the property of sponsor and are not returnable. disputes: the laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania (usa), without regard to its conflict of law rules, will govern this sweepstakes and the official rules. entrant agrees that any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of, or connected with, the sweepstakes and the official rules or any prize awarded shall be brought and resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively in the state and federal courts located in allegheny county, pennsylvania (usa). winners list and official rules: winner may be posted on facebook after winner is notified and eligibility is confirmed. to obtain a copy of these official rules or a list of winners via mail, send a self-addressed, stamped envelope to: general nutrition corporation global headquarters, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. attention: gnc holiday #giftsforgoals giveaway sponsor: general nutrition corporation, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with instagram. you understand that you are providing your information to the owner of this instagram page and not to instagram. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the sweepstakes should be directed to gnc’s social media department. gnc x smartsweets instagram giveaway official rules no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win this sweepstakes.  open only to legal residents of the fifty (50) united states and d.c., age 18 or older.  void where prohibited. u.s. law governs this sweepstakes. no purchase necessary. a purchase will not increase your chances of winning. eligibility: to participate, you must be a legal resident of the 50 united states or the district of columbia and be at least 18 years of age at time of entry. employees of gnc, facebook, inc., their affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, vendors, employees and immediate family of such employees (defined as spouse, irs dependent, or biological, adoptive or step-mother, father, sister, brother, daughter or son, and each of their respective spouses), or those who reside in the same household as any person in any of the preceding categories, are not eligible to participate. void outside the 50 united states and d.c. and where prohibited. how to enter: the entry period for each sweepstakes will be the length of two days, with the gnc x smartsweets giveaway going live at 5 p.m. est/2 p.m. pst on tuesday 2/4/20 and closing entries at 5 p.m. est/2 p.m. pst on thursday, 2/6/20. to enter, during the entry period, participants must comment on the designated sweepstakes instagram post answering the question in post copy. there is a limit of one (1) entry per person each day the contest is live. no purchase is necessary. winner selection and notification: on friday 2/7/20, (1) winner from each of the sweepstake posts from gnc live well and smartsweets (2 winners total) will be selected and notified in the form of a response from gnc live well or smartsweets via the comments section of each of the giveaway instagram post and may be required to complete and return to sponsor an affidavit of eligibility/release of liability, and, if legally permissible, a publicity release within the specified time period. if winners fail to respond within 24 hours, or if any attempted notification or prize delivery is returned as undeliverable, or if a potential winner fails to complete and return any required affidavit or release within the specified time period, the potential winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner selected. if a potential winner is a minor under the laws of his or her jurisdiction of residency, sponsor reserves the right in its discretion to award the prize to a parent or legal guardian and/or to require a parent or legal guardian to complete any required affidavit/release. prize(s): winners will receive the following: one (1) box of smartsweets tangy peach rings, one (1) box of smartsweets sour gummy  bears, one (1) box of smartsweets fruity gummy bears and one (1) gnc shaker cup. total arv for package is $117.96. general prize terms and conditions: all federal, state, local taxes on prize value, if applicable, are the responsibility of the winner. an irs form 1099 will be issued if required by law. the prizes will be awarded if properly claimed. no substitution, cash redemption or transfer of the right to receive a prize is permitted, except in the discretion of sponsor, which reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. prizes consist only of those items expressly specified in these official rules as being part of the prize. all expenses or costs associated with the acceptance or use of the prize are the responsibility of the winner. prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty, except as required by law. terms and conditions: no transfer, substitution or cash value equivalent for any prize is available, except at sole discretion of sponsor. this sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws. all federal, state, or other tax liabilities, if applicable, are the sole responsibility of the prizewinner. by participating, entrants agree to be bound by these official rules and the decisions of the sponsor, judges and independent sweepstakes administrator, and waive any right to claim ambiguity in regard to the sweepstakes mechanics, and/or the interpretation of these official rules. release and limitations of liability: by participating in the sweepstakes, participants agree to release and hold harmless sponsor, facebook and any vendors/prize providers and their related companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with this sweepstakes or any prize won, including any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with participation in the sweepstakes. sponsor is not responsible for any typographical or other error in the printing of this offer, administration of the sweepstakes or in the announcement of prizes. in the event sponsor is prevented from continuing with this sweepstakes, or the integrity and/or feasibility of the sweepstakes is undermined by any event including but not limited to fire, flood, epidemic, earthquake, explosion, labor dispute or strike, act of god or public enemy, satellite or equipment failure, riot or civil disturbance, war (declared or undeclared), terrorist threat or activity, or any federal, state or local government law, order or regulation, order of any court or jurisdiction, or other cause not reasonably within sponsor's control (each a "force majeure" event or occurrence), sponsor shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to abbreviate, modify, suspend, cancel, or terminate the sweepstakes without further obligation and, if so, sponsor reserves the right, but not the obligation, to award the prize from among all valid and eligible entries received up to the time of such force majeure event. all entries are the property of sponsor and are not returnable. disputes: the laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania (usa), without regard to its conflict of law rules, will govern this sweepstakes and the official rules. entrant agrees that any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of, or connected with, the sweepstakes and the official rules or any prize awarded shall be brought and resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively in the state and federal courts located in allegheny county, pennsylvania (usa). winners list and official rules: winner may be posted on facebook after winner is notified and eligibility is confirmed. to obtain a copy of these official rules or a list of winners via mail, send a self-addressed, stamped envelope to: general nutrition corporation global headquarters, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. attention: gnc smartsweets giveaway sponsor: general nutrition corporation, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with instagram. you understand that you are providing your information to the owner of this instagram page and not to instagram. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the sweepstakes should be directed to gnc’s social media department. gnc x fabletics men instagram giveaway official rules no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win this sweepstakes.  open only to legal residents of the fifty (50) united states and d.c., age 18 or older.  void where prohibited. u.s. law governs this sweepstakes. no purchase necessary. a purchase will not increase your chances of winning. eligibility: to participate, you must be a legal resident of the 50 united states or the district of columbia and be at least 18 years of age at time of entry. employees of gnc, facebook, inc., their affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, vendors, employees and immediate family of such employees (defined as spouse, irs dependent, or biological, adoptive or step-mother, father, sister, brother, daughter or son, and each of their respective spouses), or those who reside in the same household as any person in any of the preceding categories, are not eligible to participate. void outside the 50 united states and d.c. and where prohibited. how to enter: the entry period for each sweepstakes will be the length of four days, with the gnc x fabletics men giveaway going live at 1 p.m. est/10 a.m. pst on wednesday 2/12/20 and closing entries at 11:59 p.m. pst on monday, 2/17/20 and 2:59 a.m. est on tuesday, 2/18/20. to enter, during the entry period, participants must comment on the designated sweepstakes instagram post answering the question in post copy. there is a limit of one (1) entry per person each day the contest is live. no purchase is necessary. winner selection and notification: on tuesday 2/19/20, (1) winner from each of the sweepstake posts from gnc live well and fabletics men (2 winners total) will be selected and notified in the form of a response from gnc live well or fabletics men via the comments section of each of the giveaway instagram post and may be required to complete and return to sponsor an affidavit of eligibility/release of liability, and, if legally permissible, a publicity release within the specified time period. if winners fail to respond within 24 hours, or if any attempted notification or prize delivery is returned as undeliverable, or if a potential winner fails to complete and return any required affidavit or release within the specified time period, the potential winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner selected. if a potential winner is a minor under the laws of his or her jurisdiction of residency, sponsor reserves the right in its discretion to award the prize to a parent or legal guardian and/or to require a parent or legal guardian to complete any required affidavit/release. prize(s): winners will receive the following: one (1) container of gnc amp wheybolic chocolate fudge protein, one (1) container of beyond raw lit pre-workout in gummy worm, one box of gnc mega men sport vitapak, one (1) gnc shaker cup, one (1) fabletics men franchise tee, one (1) pair of fabletics men franchise shorts, one (1) pair of fabletics men joggers, one (1) pair of fabletics men boxer briefs and one (1) fabletics men hoodie. total arv for package is $354.46. general prize terms and conditions: all federal, state, local taxes on prize value, if applicable, are the responsibility of the winner. an irs form 1099 will be issued if required by law. the prizes will be awarded if properly claimed. no substitution, cash redemption or transfer of the right to receive a prize is permitted, except in the discretion of sponsor, which reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. prizes consist only of those items expressly specified in these official rules as being part of the prize. all expenses or costs associated with the acceptance or use of the prize are the responsibility of the winner. prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty, except as required by law. terms and conditions: no transfer, substitution or cash value equivalent for any prize is available, except at sole discretion of sponsor. this sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws. all federal, state, or other tax liabilities, if applicable, are the sole responsibility of the prizewinner. by participating, entrants agree to be bound by these official rules and the decisions of the sponsor, judges and independent sweepstakes administrator, and waive any right to claim ambiguity in regard to the sweepstakes mechanics, and/or the interpretation of these official rules. release and limitations of liability: by participating in the sweepstakes, participants agree to release and hold harmless sponsor, facebook and any vendors/prize providers and their related companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with this sweepstakes or any prize won, including any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with participation in the sweepstakes. sponsor is not responsible for any typographical or other error in the printing of this offer, administration of the sweepstakes or in the announcement of prizes. in the event sponsor is prevented from continuing with this sweepstakes, or the integrity and/or feasibility of the sweepstakes is undermined by any event including but not limited to fire, flood, epidemic, earthquake, explosion, labor dispute or strike, act of god or public enemy, satellite or equipment failure, riot or civil disturbance, war (declared or undeclared), terrorist threat or activity, or any federal, state or local government law, order or regulation, order of any court or jurisdiction, or other cause not reasonably within sponsor's control (each a "force majeure" event or occurrence), sponsor shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to abbreviate, modify, suspend, cancel, or terminate the sweepstakes without further obligation and, if so, sponsor reserves the right, but not the obligation, to award the prize from among all valid and eligible entries received up to the time of such force majeure event. all entries are the property of sponsor and are not returnable. disputes: the laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania (usa), without regard to its conflict of law rules, will govern this sweepstakes and the official rules. entrant agrees that any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of, or connected with, the sweepstakes and the official rules or any prize awarded shall be brought and resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively in the state and federal courts located in allegheny county, pennsylvania (usa). winners list and official rules: winner may be posted on facebook after winner is notified and eligibility is confirmed. to obtain a copy of these official rules or a list of winners via mail, send a self-addressed, stamped envelope to: general nutrition corporation global headquarters, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. attention: gnc x fabletics men giveaway sponsor: general nutrition corporation, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with instagram. you understand that you are providing your information to the owner of this instagram page and not to instagram. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the sweepstakes should be directed to gnc’s social media department. katy hearn space stack instagram giveaway official rules no purchase or payment of any kind is necessary to enter or win this sweepstakes.  open only to legal residents of the fifty (50) united states and d.c., age 18 or older.  void where prohibited. u.s. law governs this sweepstakes. no purchase necessary. a purchase will not increase your chances of winning. eligibility: to participate, you must be a legal resident of the 50 united states or the district of columbia and be at least 18 years of age at time of entry. employees of gnc, facebook, inc., their affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, vendors, employees and immediate family of such employees (defined as spouse, irs dependent, or biological, adoptive or step-mother, father, sister, brother, daughter or son, and each of their respective spouses), or those who reside in the same household as any person in any of the preceding categories, are not eligible to participate. void outside the 50 united states and d.c. and where prohibited. how to enter: the entry period for each sweepstakes will be the length of four days, with the gnc x fabletics men giveaway going live at 1 p.m. est/10 a.m. pst on monday 2/24/20 and closing entries at 1 p.m. est/10 a.m. pst on wednesday, 2/26/20. to enter, during the entry period, participants must comment on the designated sweepstakes instagram post answering the question in post copy. there is a limit of one (1) entry per person each day the contest is live. no purchase is necessary. winner selection and notification: on thursday 2/27/20, (5) five winners total will be selected and notified in the form of a response from gnc live well via the comments section of each of the giveaway instagram post and may be required to complete and return to sponsor an affidavit of eligibility/release of liability, and, if legally permissible, a publicity release within the specified time period. if winners fail to respond within 24 hours, or if any attempted notification or prize delivery is returned as undeliverable, or if a potential winner fails to complete and return any required affidavit or release within the specified time period, the potential winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner selected. if a potential winner is a minor under the laws of his or her jurisdiction of residency, sponsor reserves the right in its discretion to award the prize to a parent or legal guardian and/or to require a parent or legal guardian to complete any required affidavit/release. prize(s): winners will receive the following: one (1) alani nu katy hearn space stack. total arv for package is $89.99. general prize terms and conditions: all federal, state, local taxes on prize value, if applicable, are the responsibility of the winner. an irs form 1099 will be issued if required by law. the prizes will be awarded if properly claimed. no substitution, cash redemption or transfer of the right to receive a prize is permitted, except in the discretion of sponsor, which reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value. prizes consist only of those items expressly specified in these official rules as being part of the prize. all expenses or costs associated with the acceptance or use of the prize are the responsibility of the winner. prizes are awarded “as is” and without any warranty, except as required by law. terms and conditions: no transfer, substitution or cash value equivalent for any prize is available, except at sole discretion of sponsor. this sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws. all federal, state, or other tax liabilities, if applicable, are the sole responsibility of the prizewinner. by participating, entrants agree to be bound by these official rules and the decisions of the sponsor, judges and independent sweepstakes administrator, and waive any right to claim ambiguity in regard to the sweepstakes mechanics, and/or the interpretation of these official rules. release and limitations of liability: by participating in the sweepstakes, participants agree to release and hold harmless sponsor, facebook and any vendors/prize providers and their related companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with this sweepstakes or any prize won, including any injuries, loss or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with participation in the sweepstakes. sponsor is not responsible for any typographical or other error in the printing of this offer, administration of the sweepstakes or in the announcement of prizes. in the event sponsor is prevented from continuing with this sweepstakes, or the integrity and/or feasibility of the sweepstakes is undermined by any event including but not limited to fire, flood, epidemic, earthquake, explosion, labor dispute or strike, act of god or public enemy, satellite or equipment failure, riot or civil disturbance, war (declared or undeclared), terrorist threat or activity, or any federal, state or local government law, order or regulation, order of any court or jurisdiction, or other cause not reasonably within sponsor's control (each a "force majeure" event or occurrence), sponsor shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to abbreviate, modify, suspend, cancel, or terminate the sweepstakes without further obligation and, if so, sponsor reserves the right, but not the obligation, to award the prize from among all valid and eligible entries received up to the time of such force majeure event. all entries are the property of sponsor and are not returnable. disputes: the laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania (usa), without regard to its conflict of law rules, will govern this sweepstakes and the official rules. entrant agrees that any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of, or connected with, the sweepstakes and the official rules or any prize awarded shall be brought and resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively in the state and federal courts located in allegheny county, pennsylvania (usa). winners list and official rules: winner may be posted on facebook after winner is notified and eligibility is confirmed. to obtain a copy of these official rules or a list of winners via mail, send a self-addressed, stamped envelope to: general nutrition corporation global headquarters, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. attention: alani nu katy hearn space stack giveaway sponsor: general nutrition corporation, 300 6th ave, pittsburgh, pa 15222. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with instagram. you understand that you are providing your information to the owner of this instagram page and not to instagram. any questions, comments or complaints regarding the sweepstakes should be directed to gnc’s social media department. secondary navigation help contact us online store information returns shipping payment safety, security, & privacy your order your account shopping your order emails about your order order status order status glossary tracking your order changing or cancelling your order autodeliver & save returns returning an item to a physical store return exceptions damaged or defective items returning an item payments need help? if you have any questions or need help with your account, you may contact us to assist you. to contact our customer service department by phone, please call 1-877-gnc-4700. get started with free cash back rewards. join mygnc rewards today! enter your email 0ee1ccd9-32dd-41de-ab9b-543aa32ab2dd you have been signed up for email subscriptions! account my account check order my list need help? contact us help site map open a franchise gnc learning center events sponsorship about gnc about us privacy terms 30 day money-back guarantee price match guarantee gnc live well foundation™ careers investor relations new vendors follow us facebook pintrest twitter youtube instagram accessibility enable accessibility if you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 1-877-gnc-4700 for assistance. © 1997-2020 general nutrition centers, inc. privacy statement terms & conditions