来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091231153817/http://www.amazon.com/gp/daily
================================================================================

amazon daily amazon.com hello. sign in to get personalized recommendations. new customer? start here. free 2-day shipping, no minimum purchase: see details your amazon.com | today's deals | gifts & wish lists | gift cards your account | help shop all departments cart wish list your amazon.com your browsing history recommended for you rate these items improve your recommendations your profile your communities learn more amazon daily september 17-19, 2009 oprah's new pick: gorgeous horror stories in children's voices by omnivoracious.com at 2:22 am pdt, september 19, 2009 oprah took a risk in making uwem akpan's say you're one of them the new oprah's book club pick. it's a collection of short fiction, which some readers still regard with suspicion. much of the dialogue is a mélange of french, african languages, and english, so it requires that you pay attention. and it's intense--so intense, in fact, that when it was first published, i only made it through two stories before i had to put it down. even after seeing all the raves it drew from critics and customers, i couldn't bring myself to open it again until oprah gave me a reason. now i'm through it, and i know why i was afraid to finish. but i'm so glad i did. the stories in say you're one of them are told in the voices of children from five of africa's most troubled regions. it's hard not to sound hyperbolic in describing them. akpan renders the casual brutality of these children's lives unflinchingly, and their fragility in these worlds where poverty and evil have the upper hand is terrifying. his unexpected metaphors and vivid imagery turn the previously unimaginable into the indelible, mixing gorgeous scenes with the grotesque; i'd like to forget images like a child's severed foot "dangling on strings, like a shoe tied to the clothesline by its lace," but i don't expect i soon will. as if in a twisted fairy tale, some of these kids find their home turned into a prison where they're fattened to be sold into slavery by relatives. a rwandan girl sees the walls leak blood from bodies stacked in the attic, while an 8-year-old boy in a kenyan slum has hallucinations of school while sniffing glue to suppress his hunger pangs on christmas eve. even when they escape these immediate perils, their ears ring with the screams of the siblings they left behind. through every horror, hope feeds their resilience. but survival requires outrageous sacrifices. you'll want to know these children, but they will haunt you. if you give yourself over to these stories, it will be impossible not to feel more grateful for whatever you have. you'll also likely decide you need to do something more to ease the unreasonable burden on poor children before you can sleep easily again. that must be exactly oprah's intention--to spark our recognition of the power we have to transform the lives of children stuck in cycles of extreme poverty and violence, even if we have to do it one child at a time. they deserve more safety, more kindness, more opportunity than this. i feel this intensely. --mari malcolm in topics: literature, read this!, reading group comment | opt out best of the nbas quiz: part four by omnivoracious.com at 11:56 pm pdt, september 18, 2009 and here's the second group of 25, including national book award winners between 1984 to 2008. as before, match the opening line(s) to the book below. (see quizzes one, two, and three.) here they are, two north americans, a man and a woman just over and just under forty, come to spend their lives in mexico and already lost as they travel cross-country over the central plateau. the candleflame and the image of the candleflame caught in the pierglass twisted and righted when he entered the hall and again when he shut the door. paul chose greece for its predictable whiteness: the blanching heat by day, the rush of stars at night, the glint of the lime-washed houses crowding its coast. blinding, searing, somnolent, fossilized greece. the station wagons arrived at noon, a long shining line that coursed through the west campus. in the spring of that year an epidemic of rabies broke out in ether county, georgia. irresolute, no, shivering, i'd crashed a party in the private dining room of a hotel. when i was in the third grade i knew a boy who had to have fourteen shots in the stomach as the result of squirrel bite. last night at 3:00 a.m. president kennedy had been killed. seaman houston and the other two recruits slept while the first reports traveled around the world. startled awake by the ammoniated mists, i am roused in one minute from glutinous sleep to grieving awareness; i have done it again. in africa, you want more, i think. people get avid. this takes different forms in different people, but it shows up in some form in everybody who stays there any length of time. it can be sudden. i include myself. sea birds are aloft again, a tattered few. the white terns look dirtied in the somber light and they fly stiffly, feeling out an element they no longer trust. cranes keep landing as night falls. ribbons of them roll down, slack against the sky. lin kong graduated from the military medical school toward the end of 1963 and came to muji to work as a doctor. the madness of an autumn prairie cold front coming through. you could feel it: something terrible was going to happen. at the first gesture of morning, flies began stirring. inman's eyes and the long wound at his neck drew them, and the sound of their wings and the touch of their feet were soon more potent than a yardful of roosters in rousing a man to wake. now they were starting. finality ran through the train, an exhalation. there were thuds, hoots, whistles, and the shrieks of late arrivals. from a megaphone, announcements were incomprehensible in american and japanese. dick pierce swung the bait barrel off his wharf into his work skiff. he cast off and began to scull down pierce creek. for thirty years, until he retired, my husband stood each fall in front of his sophomore genetics class and passed out copies of gregor mendel's famous paper on the hybridization of edible peas. a squat black telephone, i mean an octopus, the god of our signal corps, owns a recess in berlin (more probably moscow, which one german general has named the core of the enemy's whole being). you better not never tell nobody but god. it'd kill your mammy. justice? -- you get justice in the next world, in this world you have the law. --- was the bastard child of several clandestine meetings between the alderman of the sixth district and the managing director of the unico realty company. of all the things that drive men to sea, the most common disaster, i've come to learn, is women. the days were small, pointless epics, long windups to punches that always drifted by cartoon-fashion, as if each simple task were meaningless unless immersed in more theater and threat than bad opera. either foreswear fucking others or the affair is over. the color purple by alice walker the women of brewster place by gloria naylor stones for ibarra by harriet doerr victory over japan by ellen gilchrist white noise by don delillo easy in the islands by bob shacochis world's fair by e.l. doctorow paris trout by pete dexter spartina by john casey middle passage by charles johnson mating by norman rush all the pretty horses by cormac mccarthy a frolic of his own by william gaddis sabbath's theater by philip roth ship fever by andrea barrett cold mountain by charles frazier waiting by ha jin in america by susan sontag the corrections by jonathan franzen three junes by julia glass the great fire by shirley hazzard europe central by william t. vollmann the echo maker by richard powers tree of smoke by denis johnson shadow country by peter matthiessen answers? come back on monday. see you then. --tom in topics: book awards, literature, the reading life comment | opt out did you know you can change the content in this blog? sign in to customize your amazon daily best of the nbas quiz: part three by omnivoracious.com at 7:09 pm pdt, september 18, 2009 and now part three, my favorite, although we're not really capitalizing on some proprietary amazon algorithm this time, but instead reviving a literary trivia standby (but one that look inside the book makes a lot easier to research): opening lines. i feel like opening lines have become a bit of a fetish lately (nobody has any time to read so you have to grab them right away!!!), and hook-packed openers like "on the day i killed my mother, my dog spoke to me for the first time" are becoming the "it was a dark and stormy night..." of our time. nevertheless, there is nothing quite so delicious as a sentence or two that let you know you're in the hands of a master storyteller--especially, as in the cases of so many below, you know the wonderful stories that will follow. there were too many good lines to limit myself to ten or twelve like quizzes one and two, so i've put together two lists of 25 each for you to sort out. match each opening line with one of the national book award fiction winners below. let us know how you did, and make sure to tune in again on monday, when the national book foundation announces its six finalists for the best of the national book award fiction prize--the same day when voting will open up to the sorts of scruffy outsiders like you (and me) who normally have no say in such things. here are the first 25 (one note: in a few cases, where a name gave the game away, i've blanked it out): one warm evening in august 1937 a girl in love stood before a mirror. it was a bad time. billy boy watkins was dead, and so was frenchie tucker. billy boy had died of fright, scared to death on the field of battle, and frenchie tucker had been shot through the nose. running out of gas, --- thinks as he stands behind the summer-dusty windows of the springer motors display room watching the traffic go by on route 111, traffic somehow thin and scared compared to what it used to be. on a february morning, when a weather front is moving in off the pacific but has not quite arrived, and the winds are changeable and gusty and clouds drive over and an occasional flurry of fine rain darkens the terrace bricks, this place conforms to none of the cliches about california with which they advertise the sunshine cities for the sunset years. at first, they were saying about him, oh my god, it's hitler all over again! every summer dinah was sick in this house she rented. i am an american, chicago born-chicago, that somber city-and go at things as i have taught myself, free-style, and will make the record in my own way: first to knock, first admitted; sometimes an innocent knock, sometimes a not so innocent. a screaming comes across the sky. it has happened before, but there is nothing to compare it to now. ---'s mother, jenny fields, was arrested in boston in 1942 for wounding a man in a movie theater. this morning i got a note from my aunt asking me to come for lunch. mrs. watts and mrs. carson were both in the post office in victory when the letter came from the ellisville institute for the feeble-minded of mississippi. the gravel pit was about a mile east of town, and the size of a small lake, and so deep that boys under sixteen were forbidden by their parents to swim there. i knew it only by hearsay. ref naftali holishitzer, the community leader in krasnobrod, was left in his old age with no children. i was travelling farther south. the villages were small and poor; each time i stopped in one, a crowd gathered around my car and the children followed my every move. caldwell turned and as he turned his ankle received an arrow. the class roared with laughter. where the wagons stopped we built our homes, making the cabins tight against the winter's coming. from the small crossed window of his room above the stable in the brickyard, yakov bok saw people in their long overcoats running somewhere early that morning, everybody in the same direction. at this point i interrupted my sister as usual to say, you have a way with words, scheherazade. when he finished packing, he walked out on to the third-floor porch of the barracks brushing the dust from his hands, a very neat and deceptively slim young man in the summer khakis that were still early morning fresh. there was only one bench in the shade and converse went for it, although it was already occupied. it goes a long way back, some twenty years. all my life i had been looking for something, and everywhere i turned someone tried to tell me what it was. it is a curse in this family that the women bear only daughters, if anything at all. meyer came aboard the busted flush on a dark, wet, windy friday afternoon in early december. i had not seen him in nearly two months. in those days cheap apartments were almost impossible to find in manhattan, so i had to move to brooklyn. st. botolphs was an old place, an old river town. it had been an inland port in the great days of the massachusetts sailing fleets and now it was left with a factory that manufactured table silver and a few other small industries. from here to eternity by james jones (1952) invisible man by ralph ellison (1953) the adventures of augie march by saul bellow (1954) the wapshot chronicle by john cheever (1958) the moviegoer by walker percy (1962) the centaur by john updike (1964) the fixer by bernard malamud (1967) steps by jerzy kosinski (1969) them by joyce carol oates (1970) chimera by john barth (1973) gravity's rainbow by thomas pynchon (1974) a crown of feathers by isaac bashevis singer (1974) dog soldiers by robert stone (1975) the spectator bird by wallace stegner (1977) going after cacciato by tim o'brien (1979) stained glass by william f. buckley jr. (1980) the world according to garp by john irving (1980) bendigo shafter by louis l'amour (1980) the green ripper by john d. macdonald (1980) sophie's choice by william styron (1980) plains song by wright morris (1981) rabbit is rich by john updike (1982) dale loves sophie to death by robb forman dew (1982) so long, see you tomorrow by william maxwell (1982) the collected stories of eudora welty (1983) wondering why five winners for 1980 (actually, there were even more)? mark athitakis explains.meanwhile, i thought i was being pretty slick in putting the answers for the first two quizzes after the jump, but that doesn't work a) for anyone who comes to this post via a direct link, and b) when people read the quiz post in the email newsletter when it's the last post of the day (as it was yesterday). so instead, i'm going to leave you in some suspense and post the answers on monday, when the best of the nba finalists are announced. then you can have some time to work through the lists over your coffee this weekend. enjoy. --tom in topics: book awards, literature, the reading life comment | opt out bites from the apple: great. great. amazing. incredible. amazing. by enduser at 5:15 pm pdt, september 18, 2009 while there was some speculation that apple might include its apple tv in the music-related rollout event from last week which brought us a video camera-equipped ipod nano, it was a no-show. but then this week, apple quietly discontinued the small capacity 40 gb model and reduced the price of the 160 gb model by $100 to $229 (the price of the old 40 gber). no additional tweaks to the hardware or functionality added to the software for the device--just a price drop on apple's lil' hobby. the apple tv hasn't been a barnburner for the company, but then again we don't really know since apple has never released sales figures for the device (a tactic, as wired's gadget lab notes, steve jobs has previously called a sign of weakness when referring to other companies who won't divulge sales numbers of their premier products). however, it's been estimated that several million people own apple tvs--including me (purchased in conjunction with a book project i worked on)--and it's getting to a point where we apple tv owners would really like to know whether there's a future for this device. yes, it does its advertised job as being a conduit to video purchased from the itunes store (which is the only tv that my family watches since we cut the cable), and it's a handy way to stream music from one part of my home to another where we have our entertainment center. but it would be far more useful if it had some of the access to additional streaming content such as hulu or netflix instead of just youtube (which certainly entertains my toddler with a variety of lol cat videos, but the resolution is crappy on the hdtv). at some point this fall, i'm going to get around to doing some hacking with either the set of software pieces from atv flash and/or boxee. i'll let you know how it goes. rumor revue: the itablet makes a comeback this week, with a taiwanese newspaper saying a 9.6-inch tablet will be released in february priced between $800 and $1,000 (via the apple blog). and possibly coming to at&t? now google says that apple did indeed reject the google voice app for the iphone. au contraire, says apple. tuaw reports that hp this week released the latest version of its mediasmart servers (the 1 tb ex490 and 1.5 tb ex495--both of which include three empty hard drive bays for further terabytes of expansion), and that they've gotten even more mac-friendly. the mediasmart server can now be controlled by a mac (previously you had to do it from a windows machine) and it now offers full recovery of a mac via time machine. for more, check out this review of the new mac-centric features at mediasmarthome.com. the gang over at tidbits finds even more hidden "refinements" in the recently released snow leopard os x 10.6, including added functionality in ichat, screen sharing, and option-clicking tricks (i even make a cameo appearance). speaking of snow leopard, it looks like apple's decision to release it at under $30 is paying off quite well, as 9to5mac reports that it's outsold both leopard and tiger in just two weeks. if you're worried about possible radiation side effects from using your iphone, check out the pong iphone 3g/3gs case, which combines a silicone exterior with an interior that is "scientifically proven" to reduce radiation (via gearlog). newteevee has a side-by-side comparison of video shot by the new ipod nano and video from a standard definition flip camcorder, determining that the flip offers the better picture quality. appleinsider reports that some lucky iphone users have been getting treated to an early rollout of the mms picture messaging service, which is scheduled to go live on september 25. if you're not sure what mms is (or tethering, the other long-promised feature from at&t), check out this handy break-down from ilounge. cnet's iphone atlas blog features some bug workarounds and tips galore for the new in-itunes app management function for iphones and ipod touches. ilounge gives the new madden nfl 10 iphone app from electronic arts a b+, but i'm waiting for some real football gaming action with ea's fifa 10 soccer game, which will be released in late october. check out a preview over at pocket gamer. i was having some trouble finding the new pre-made ringtones that apple announced last week, but ars technica reminded me that they're only available from the iphone's itunes app (not the desktop)... which is a little frustrating. however, you can still make custom ringtones from some of your previously purchased itunes songs via the desktop application. and there's third-party software such as ambrosia's itoner to help you out. lifehacker lists its top 5 features it wishes the new itunes 9 included. and finally... the recent apple music event in the form of adjectives only: --agen g.n. schmitz in topics: apple comment | opt out omni daily news by omnivoracious.com at 4:39 pm pdt, september 18, 2009 did you know that oprah has a book club? well, she does. today she announced the latest selection, uwem akpan's say you're one of them, a collection of five tales of conflict and poverty across africa, told from the perspectives of five different children. but wait, there's more: 10 minutes of the program was devoted to mariah carey and precious (originally titled push), sapphire's debut novel of one girl's horrific abuse and ultimate redemption. carey stars in the film adaptation scheduled for wide release on 11/20.  weird guy gets tv show: sunday marks the debut of bored to death, an hbo series based upon jonathan ames's short story of the same title (featured in the collection the double life is twice as good). jason schwartzman plays writer who poses as a private investigator (ineptly, in the chandler style) in an attempt to inject a little excitement into his moribund existence. i'm not sure how the show will play out, but the original starts cute and funny, and then launches a swift and violent toboggan ride of a descent. ames and ted danson co-star. ames has also done some music writing, and the book features entertaining pieces on lenny kravitz and marilyn manson, as well as hilariously frank autobiographical bits. think chuck klosterman, if klosterman were profane, occasionally pornographic, and deeply depraved.moving and shaking: insomniacs rejoice.i can make you sleep, paul mckenna's solution for chronic sleep trouble, hits the five spot on our movers and shakers list. if widely adopted, we may see vastly improved blog posts everywhere.--jon in topics: news junkies, read this!, reading group comment | opt out secret white house tapes, clinton-style: taylor branch on his new book by omnivoracious.com at 3:25 pm pdt, september 18, 2009 on gq's blog, there's a pretty fascinating interview with taylor branch, author of my favorite nonfiction books ever, his civil rights trilogy, about the story behind his upcoming book, the clinton tapes. i'm on record, for better or worse, as wondering in relation to this book whether "anybody cares about bill clinton right now," an idea that understandably was met with some resistance by branch's publisher. what i meant, although it didn't sound this way in the quote, was that i am genuinely curious about the level of clinton interest right now: for the past year obama has drawn so much of the attention in democratic politics, and, perhaps even more importantly, the dramatic events of the last eight years have made the issues of clinton's presidency seem very distant. but now as the battles of the last year's primaries, in which bill ended up being cast as the heavy, recede, and as obama struggles, much as clinton did, with congress and against the vocal opposition of the far right, i think the timing for this book is already improving. and the fuller backstory behind branch's book will itself draw a lot of attention. i hadn't realized he had been roommates with bill and hillary when they all worked in texas on the mcgovern campaign in '72, nor did i know that they then fell out of touch for two decades (by the time clinton became president, branch had become skeptical, as many on the left were, about his old friend's motivations and his politics). and i didn't know either about the level of secrecy he and clinton had to maintain about their shared project (an in-the-moment personal historical record of his presidency), out of a well-founded fear that their conversations would be subpoenaed. here's branch on that subject:i couldn’t communicate with people, because i felt like i was in a different galaxy. i just dropped out. i didn’t see a way of fighting it that didn’t endanger the project. i couldn’t challenge my friend [washington post critic] jon yardley, who would sit around and bitch and moan about clinton: “he’s no good, he doesn’t care about anything, he doesn’t believe in anything.” i couldn’t say, “jon, i know that’s not true.” i couldn’t start that conversation, because the only way i could combat it would be to say, “i’ve been around clinton a lot, and my experience is totally different.” and then some story would come out that he had these tapes, and they would get subpoenaed. so i just basically had to be quiet and not talk to people. the whole interview is worth a read. the clinton tapes comes out in late october, but i just got my copy today, so i'll be digging in soon. --tom in topics: advance copy, news junkies, nonfiction comment | opt out spirograph - flash back friday by toy whimsy at 3:09 pm pdt, september 18, 2009 of the man toys i had as a child, i remember the spirograph toy very fondly.  i had a very cool four-color pen that i used to make some pretty cool designs if i do say so myself...here's some history and information from wikipedia...the spirograph was invented by british engineer denys fisher who exhibited it in 1965 at the nuremberg international toy fair. it was subsequently produced by his company. distribution rights were acquired by kenner, inc., which introduced it to the united states' market in 1966.a spirograph consists of a set of plastic gears and other shapes such as rings, triangles, or straight bars. there are several sizes of gears and shapes, and all edges have teeth to engage any other piece. for instance, smaller gears fit inside the larger rings, but also can engage the outside of the rings in such a fashion that they rotate around the inside or along the outside edge of the rings.to use it, a sheet of paper is placed on a heavy cardboard backing, and one of the plastic pieces is pinned to the paper and cardboard. another plastic piece is placed so that its teeth engage with those of the pinned piece. for example, a ring may be pinned to the paper and a small gear placed inside the ring – the actual number of arrangements possible by combining different gears is very large. the point of a pen is placed in one of the holes of the moving piece. as the moving part is moved, the pen traces out a curve.the pen is used both to draw and provide locomotive force; some practice is required before spirograph can be operated without disengaging the fixed and moving pieces. more intricate and unusual-shaped patterns may be made through the use of both hands, one to draw and one to guide the pieces. it is possible to move several pieces in relation to each other (say, the triangle around the ring, with a circle "climbing" from the ring onto the triangle), but this requires concentration or even additional assistance from other artists.here's a cool animation to remind your of your childhood drawings...and here's a fun commercial to send you into the weekend... "your eyes won't believe what your hands have done!" have a great weekend!--laura mcmullan in topics: collector's edition, family room, parenting, play this!, toys comment | opt out fashion week wrap-up: shopbop fashion director kate ciepluch shares her favorite moments by shopbop shoptalk at 1:00 pm pdt, september 18, 2009 another nyfw has come and gone, leaving a trail of broken heels and starbucks to-go cups in its wake. we asked shopbop fashion director kate ciepluch to share her insights on the week that was. 1. there’s been a lot of talk about fashion having a major reassessment moment. did you notice anything different about nyfw this year? what was the overall vibe like? the vibe was very friendly! i think people made a conscious effort to take any severe attitude out of the week by smiling, being helpful, introducing themselves, etc. 2. was there a show or runway look you loved that isn’t your usual style? milly! i'm not usually a girly-girl when it comes to my style but i loved this show. it was punky prep, and she debuted a jewelry collection that consisted of huge chunky gold and silver statement necklaces. 3. accessory you wanted to grab off the model and start wearing immediately: alexander wang shoes—incredible! the leopard wedges, the knee-high sandals! leopard booties at alexander wang and a key look from the rag & bone runway. 4. person you found yourself star-struck by: star-struck might not be the right word, but i was thrilled to finally meet jessica stam (who was so sweet and loves shopbop), and i loved seeing poppy delevigne's looks throughout the week. 5. 4 pieces/trends you kept seeing on show attendees: stripes (literally everywhere). platform sandals with cropped pants—such a chic look! button-downs: chambray, white, worn edgy, worn classic. strong shoulders on dresses and jackets. also saw print leggings. 6. favorite runway styling take-away tip: socks with booties. loved this at rag & bone, erin wasson x rvca, and wang. 7. show with the best scene: elise overland. had a moment outside when we were standing with some of the chicest girls in the industry. the space was awesome; it was a perfect sunday night. wasson also had an exciting scene: beer drinking in the tents, a live band, a leather (i think) flag waving high in the air, tons of dudes, alexa chung in front row. 8. show you can’t stop clicking through on style.com: rag & bone. loved the styling so much, there were so many killer pieces. the mahogany leathers, the marbled suede, the army jackets, the harem sweats. the shoes and sunglasses! 9. your prediction for biggest fashion trend of spring 2010:polka dots! --maureenshopbop shoptalk in topics: fashion comment | opt out friday links for food lovers by amazon al dente at 9:52 am pdt, september 18, 2009 it's friday again! here are a few tasty links the al dente editors obsessed about this week: edible.com had me at tea picked by monkeys, then lost me with giant hornet honey. shaken or stirred? our very own a.j. rathbun dispenses important cocktail advice on chow. a fun way to test your culinary knowledge (and get recipe ideas!): check out foodista's escoffier game. colgate's stealthy new advertising--cruel or ingenious? cutest new viral video: kids vs. marshmallows, a.k.a. learning the ropes of delayed gratification. missed the televised try for the world's largest pie fight? serious eats has you covered. in seattle this weekend? be sure to check out oktoberfest in fremont. or, heed yumsugar's advice and throw your own beer tasting party. speaking of marshmallows, these homemade ones from the salty spoon topped with caramel and crushed chili peppers look amazing: photo courtesy of the salty spoon while you're out and about, reading up on food news, don't miss the party gear we're loving this week: fred's design team is working overtime! check out their hopside down glasses, cool shooters ice shot glass molds, and finger food plates. just looking at french bull's tableware makes me happy. so many beer-tap systems, so little time... did i miss a not-to-be-missed foodie link from this past week? add a comment or tweet at me! have a great weekend! --andrealeigh in topics: what's cooking? comment | opt out dinner party 101: on the menu? mac-and-cheese by amazon al dente at 8:40 am pdt, september 18, 2009 we're marking a huge milestone in our home this weekend: the emptying of the nest, as our baby girl heads off for college. (heavy sigh.) but this summer, there was another rite of passage that made this mama feel all warm and fuzzy. my darling daughter had her first-ever dinner party. this was a big deal because the kid doesn't really spend a lot of time in the kitchen. oh, she can nuke a plate of nachos all right. but, try as i might, i could never get her fired up about cooking. (heavy sigh, part two.)so, i could barely contain my excitement when she asked my advice about cooking for some friends.my first rule of entertaining is to get as much done in advance as possible. that way, you can sit down and enjoy the party. we came up with a menu and i walked her through my fool-proof macaroni and cheese, a recipe i adapted from the fantastic marian burros' cooking for comfort. (the key to a really creamy m&c is to use evaporated milk. i know! it sounds strange, but it really works.)while i supervised, she made this time-honored favorite, put it in a baking pan so she could finish it off in the oven the next day, topped with more shredded cheese and some breadcrumbs.i would have loved to be a fly on the wall at the party, but i was told to buzz off. understandable. she's spreading her wings.later, she told me dinner had been a big hit. to complete this colorful meal, she served carrot sticks and strawberry lemonade mixed with sparkling water. for dessert? the group sat outside and passed around a half gallon of ice cream. not exactly how i would have served it, but i can certainly see how it would be cool. especially because it meant fewer dishes to do.do you remember your first dinner party? was it a hit or a miss? do you have any sure-fire entertaining tips to share?can't miss mac-and-cheeseingredients1 16-ounce package dried pasta, prepared according to the instructions on the package2 cups shredded cheese (i used a combination of sharp cheddar and pepper-jack)4 tablespoons butter1/4 cup flour1 can evaporated milk1/2 white onion, diced 3 dashes tabasco sauce2/3 cup unseasoned bread crumbs, optionaldirections 1. melt butter in medium saucepan; add onions and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. add flour and stir, cooking for another minute. 2. whisk in milk. bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring frequently. add cheese and stir until smooth. 3. season with tabasco. fold into prepared pasta. (i like rotini noodles for this recipe.) if desired, top with additional cheese and bread crumbs and bake in 350 degree oven until cheese has melted and breadcrumbs have turned golden, about 10 minutes.serve 6.-- leslie kelly in topics: recipes, what's cooking? comment | opt out graphic novel friday: matt kindt's "3 story" by omnivoracious.com at 5:23 am pdt, september 18, 2009 without real world repercussions, superpowers are a fun idea. flight and invisibility, for example, are generally under the control of their respective users, and hey, if things get too out of control, there's usually a pack of super-friends to act as a safety net.  rarely do readers glimpse what it must be like to wield a power that isn't so "super." cue matt kindt's 3 story: the secret history of the giant man, due in october from dark horse books. in this original graphic novel, craig pressgang experiences an ever-increasing  condition that is less of a growth spurt and more of a long, painful stretch. he outgrows his clothes, car, and childhood home until he can no longer even hear normal speech, given how far removed his ears are from human sounds. in a clever dose of reality in an otherwise oft-used superpower, a doctor explains to craig that because his nerve endings are so long, "there's a delay" in everyday sensations, like a kiss or a pin-prick. the three women in craig's life--his mother, wife, and daughter--tell their versions of living with (and without) the giant man, as his condition alienates then endears him in the eyes of the general public. at first co-opted as an attention-getter at a protest rally, craig soon turns his "power" into something a little more lucrative, like shilling cigarettes ("giant flavor!") and creating original pieces of art by using his handprints. unlike a superhero, craig cannot turn "off" his power, and he continues to grow long after the novelty is over, and he and his wife must deal with physical logistics in their relationship and living conditions. it's a somber tale despite the wealth of cheap-shot opportunities, but kindt keeps 3 story from settling too far into woe-is-me fare with his autumnal watercolors and pleasant, almost easy-going artwork. his characters look almost approachable, and the panels range from measured to wide-open. near the end, i really took my time with the pages, as the panels grew richer, and the story slows to match craig's exhaustion. kindt is also credited with the design of 3 story, and it feels very much like a creator-run project. bits of pop culture litter the narratives via newspaper clippings, ads, childhood drawings, architectural blueprints, and more. the cover of the book features a cut-out window, which, when opened, reveals craig to be reflecting on exactly the type of mundanity we all take for granted, but it's one the giant man can no longer have. these small touches build in the life and packaging of a character too large for even himself. in topics: advance copy, comics, graphic novels comment | opt out "hello, i'm a mac." by amazon al dente at 1:19 am pdt, september 18, 2009 i grew up in apple country.in upstate new york, we didn't buy our apples at the grocery store. we went to the apple orchard. the store on site was filled with freshly pressed cider, jugs of maple syrup, and odd bins for italian plums, seckel pears and concord grapes. and then there were the apples. apples in bags and boxes, newly picked cortlands and northern spies. there were rome apples, used almost exclusively for applesauce or apple pies. and you might find pippins or macouns. but my heart belonged to the hard, tart, early macs, and to this day, at least for me, nothing beats a mcintosh. what apple are you?--tracy schneider in topics: what's cooking? comment | opt out best of the nbas quiz: part two by omnivoracious.com at 12:46 am pdt, september 18, 2009 okay, we're back for part two. pair these dozen sets of capitalized phrases with the national book award-winning books in which they frequently appear (or at least more frequently than the average book, by some complicated algorithm i don't understand). (see the last quiz for further explanation.) i think some of these will be a little easier than the last set.... don armour, midland pacific, nordic pleasurelines, bea meisner morris fink, princess czartoryska, coney island, venus velvet madame zalenska, edwin booth, centennial exposition shug avery, miss eleanor jane, poor sofia, missionary society elysian fields, feliciana parish, nivea cream the white visitation, captain blicero, brigadier pudding, osbie feel golden day, brother tarp, tod clifton clem tambow, kayo obermark, mexico city, chez paree screwy loot, psy ops, bill junior, cao quyen eddie peace, battle of bob hope, mary microgram eli the fanatic, short hills, leo patimkin gregor mendel, malay archipelago, annie taggert, grosse isle invisible man by ralph ellison (1953) the adventures of augie march by saul bellow (1954) goodbye, columbus and five short stories by philip roth (1960) the moviegoer by walker percy (1962) gravity's rainbow by thomas pynchon (1974) dog soldiers by robert stone (1975) sophie's choice by william styron (1980) the color purple by alice walker (1983) ship fever by andrea barrett (1996) in america by susan sontag (2000) the corrections by jonathan franzen (2001) tree of smoke by denis johnson (2007) answers after the jump: 1: franzen, 2: styron, 3: sontag, 4: walker, 5: percy, 6: pynchon, 7: ellison, 8: bellow, 9: johnson, 10: stone, 11: roth, 12: barretthow'd you do? in topics: book awards, literature, the reading life comment | opt out "fringe" resumes tonight by armchair commentary at 6:28 pm pdt, september 17, 2009 not saying i have tons of time on my hands, but with a number of my shows done forever (battlestar galactica, er, sarah connor), i'm programming some new ones into my dvr. glee is a must. i'll keep up with two i started in the spring, castle and dollhouse. and i think i might add one that i'm about halfway through on blu-ray: fringe. i never got around to watching it last season, but the concept of an fbi team investigating strange phenomena reminds me a lot of my old fave, the x-files (just without the alien angle). i like the show so far, and i'm familiar with joshua jackson from dawson's creek and john noble from the lord of the rings. the first-season trailer is below, but if you haven't seen the show and don't want any kind of advance look at what's going to happen, i'd recommend that you save it and watch later. in the meantime, the second season starts tonight, and yes, my dvr is set. --david in topics: drama, science fiction, watch this! comment | opt out first ever video in print advertising by amazon newsstand at 5:30 pm pdt, september 17, 2009 another first for the magazine industry, the september 18th issue of entertainment weekly features a video advertisement--sent only to select subscribers in new york and los angeles.  the co-branded promotion between cbs and pepsi plays clips from various cbs shows as well as an ad for pepsi max.  the video player is said to hold 40 minutes of video, is rechargeable and will no doubt be torn apart and examined by technology junkies everywhere.  unfortunately, we weren't able to see one in person because of the small circulation, but i found one on ebay for $100.  it's still exciting to see these small advances in technology, it's one step closer to the flying cars we were promised as kids...here's a short clip of how the player looks: -darrenv in topics: on the cover comment | opt out storm sequel brewing for blackberry, plus nice prices for upgrades by enduser at 2:26 pm pdt, september 17, 2009 while nothing's official yet, several blogs this week are reporting that the successor to the blackberry storm will see the light of day in october from verizon wireless. the intomobile blog reports that verizon will be rolling out the touchscreen-enabled storm 2 (which ups the official model number by 20 to 9550 from the original storm 9530) by the third week in october. additionally, the boy genius report has a brief hands-on report of the storm 9520 (the gsm version of the 9550, which will be available overseas for vodafone and other carriers). where some other touchscreen phones provide some haptic feedback when you press virtual buttons the screen to help you know that you've actually hit something, blackberry augmented this ui by requiring you to press the screen as you would a keyboard--you then feel the screen subtly click to acknowledge your typing. while bgr didn't go into specifics, it sounds like they're impressed by the improvements to surepress mechanism. while many might be excited by the new version of the storm, it's also a good time to be a bargain hunter. right now over at the amazonwireless store, both new subscribers and current verizon wireless subscribers who want to upgrade can grab the original storm for just a penny (with 2-year contract). if you're not ready to give up your physical keyboard, the blackberry tour--which, like the storm, also offers gsm connectivity when traveling internationally--is also nicely priced at just under $75 for upgraders and $50 for new subscribers. --agen g.n. schmitz in topics: cellphones comment | opt out best of the nbas quiz: part one by omnivoracious.com at 12:50 pm pdt, september 17, 2009 with a few days until the national book foundation announces its six finalists for the best of the national book award fiction, i thought we could have a little fun with the 77 winners that are about to be winnowed. or, more exactly, with the 50 or so of them that are in our look inside feature, which lets you search the text of the book and read a portion of its pages. and as a side effect of having digitized all those words, our developers have well, developed a couple of other features that i find charmingly goofy: statistically improbable phrases (say that five times fast!) and capitalized phrases. you can find explanations here and here, but basically they pull out short phrases that appear in that book more frequently than in your average book. they don't appear for all look inside books (the sips are particularly rare), but when they do, they can be oddly evocative of the style and subject of the book.so in that same goofy spirit, here is a short quiz (the first of at least three...). see how many groups of sips you can match to the nba-winning books that feature them. bus feller, sergeant whispers, limping man, waxed moustaches former jurist, forty rubles, spy hole, tunic pocket ultimate war story, tiger fatigues, xuong dat, pith hat dormitory house, brick bed, thousand yuan, production brigade stadium steps, radiator cover, toxic cloud, feathery plume army brogans, umbrella man, paper daisies, endless belt recital night, petrified man, danke schoen, bottle trees, purple hat good soljer, blue headlights, frightened awe, payday night bathing engine, solar democracy, guilty repose, mother committee, nutritional anthropology fat bowler, feminist funeral, infirmary annex, wrestling room, ball turret gunner the man with the golden arm by nelson algren (1950) the collected stories of william faulkner (1951) from here to eternity by james jones (1952) the fixer by bernard malamud (1967) going after cacciato by tim o'brien (1979) the world according to garp by john irving (1980) the collected stories of eudora welty (1983) white noise by don delillo (1985) mating by norman rush (1991) waiting by ha jin (1999) answers after the jump: 1: faulkner, 2: malamud, 3: o'brien, 4: jin, 5: delillo, 6: algren, 7: welty, 8: jones, 9: rush, 10: irving in topics: book awards, literature, the reading life comment | opt out as seen on the today show: dannijo jewelry by shopbop shoptalk at 12:46 pm pdt, september 17, 2009 when we fall for a piece of jewelry, all the work that went into creating it is the furthest thing from our minds. but the today show’s peek at the designers behind dannijo jewelry illustrated what goes into making those favorites, from the first sketches to those covetable pieces that make their way to shopbop. (hint: it involves cramped quarters, harried phone calls, and sorting through vast roomfuls of raw materials.) co-founded by sisters danielle and jodie snyder, dannijo began as a brick-and-mortar store in jacksonville, florida, before the duo took their chance in the big city and launched their line in new york in 2008. dannijo jewelry is a reflection of the sisters’ personalities: ladylike, sophisticated jodie is seen in classic, feminine pieces, and danielle’s vivacious, bohemian sensibility is reflected in eclectic, whimsical designs. a true creative endeavor, the line is a collage of rough-hewn stones, chains, and studs contrasted with floral motifs and dainty rose gold, hitting the spot between edgy and feminine and letting every fashionista express her unique personality. --tonya in topics: fashion comment | opt out our cars--2004 scion xa by carlustblog.com at 12:31 pm pdt, september 17, 2009 submitted by roy "griff" griffis for our cars weekthis 2004 scion xa is the first brand-new car i ever bought, and it came standard with air conditioning and power windows. i have a daily round trip commute of more than 100 miles, and the car now has more than 192,000 miles. it has returned a steady 30 mpg.i have kept it topped up on fluids, and the only issues with the car have been a few components wearing out-- the alternator, water pump, power steering pump, and rear wheel bearings  other than the power steering pump, i was able to change the rest myself. other than brakes and other regular maintenance activities, i’ve put maybe $1,500 into the car to keep it running that long.it's a damn fine vehicle. it has lots of head room for a tall guy like me, and room to throw my bike in the back if needed.  in fact, at 250,000 miles, i’ll pass it on to my teenage son, and find myself another 2004 scion xa with lower miles to drive. i know it’ll last me another good, long, dependable time.--roy "griff" griffis in topics: car lust comment | opt out arancini: another reason to move to italy by amazon al dente at 12:16 pm pdt, september 17, 2009 every time i think of moving to italy (which is, honestly, once a day at the least and once an hour on the average) i realize that i’d never be able to come back. not because i wouldn’t miss everyone at the al dente hq, but because i would eat so much when there that i wouldn’t be able to get out of a door. okay, that’s somewhat of a joke, but really, i keep discovering new italian favorites that i think i might just over-indulge in if there all the time. for example, arancini, the tasty and resourceful creation named after the orange that uses leftover risotto in a delicious fashion, mixing it with cheese and other ingredients and then frying it (this recipe on about.com is for mushroom arancini, for example, but many have various meats as well) into a ball--sometimes a very round ball, and sometimes a little pointed as in the below. absolutely yummy, and again, one of those dishes that i haven’t found quite right yet anywhere outside of italy, where i had them for the first time about 4 months ago. though i’d be happy to hear about worthy members of the species anyone has had outside of italy, i’ve now added arancini to my list of edible reasons why i should, really, move to italy. --a.j. rathbun in topics: recipes, snacks comment | opt out september 17-19, 2009 sign in to customize your amazon daily rss feed for amazon daily what's amazon daily? posts by date « aug september 2009 s m t w t f s 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 go to today scaled by popularitytopics books advance copy author interviews book awards collector's edition comics family room fantasy graphic novels harry potter literature mystery news junkies nonfiction old media monday read this! reading group romance science fiction supernatural the reading life what's cooking? entertainment arts & craft avant-garde collectibles controversial corporate war crossover family room fashion horror lol!!1! net worth news junkies pioneers podcasts pretty people sports time wasters under the radar watch this! working stiff film action animation box office comedy comics cult films digital video directions in dvd disc 2 documentaries drama fantasy film vault high definition in-production red carpet science fiction subtitles supernatural tv trailer park food & cooking dining out healthnut kitchen toys recipes snacks thirsty what's cooking? home and family car lust diy family room fitness green life hobbyist how it works parenting pets tax tips toys insider advance copy amazon insider customer reviews editors' picks exclusives gift-wrap guilty pleasures in studio in-production list fever on the cover recently reviewed surveys music alternative b-sides best of 2007 broadway classical music digital music free downloads global groove in studio in the media indie jazz music addict music awards music festivals soundtracks top 40 twang word technology apple cellphones computers digital photography easiest hack ever gadgets high definition home theater microsoft small business sony video games arcade game culture nintendo pc gamer play this! playstation tgif xbox where's my stuff? track your recent orders. view or change your orders in your account. shipping & returns see our shipping rates & policies. see free shipping information. return an item (here's our returns policy). need help? forgot your password? buy gift cards. visit our help department. amazon.com home  | directory of all stores international sites: canada  |  united kingdom  |  germany  |  japan  |  france  |  china business programs: sell on amazon  |  build an ecommerce site  |  advertise with us  |  developer services  |  self-publish with us help  |  view cart  |  your account  |  1-click settings  |  join associates  |  join advantage careers at amazon  |  investor relations  |  press releases  |  corporate responsibility conditions of use | privacy notice © 1996-2009, amazon.com, inc. or its affiliates