来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231193832/http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003P37FW0/ref=s9_pop_gw_ir03?pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=center-5&pf_rd_r=0GYPZ2TTV0AE2A2BNCMV&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_p=1263340982&pf_rd_i=507846
================================================================================

skip to main content about this item about this item about this item buying options compare with similar items videos reviews keyboard shortcuts search opt + / cart shift + opt + c home shift + opt + h orders shift + opt + o add to cart shift + opt + k show/hide shortcuts shift + opt + z to move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows. .us delivering to sanjose 95101 update location kindle store select the department you want to search in all departments alexa skills amazon autos amazon devices amazon fresh amazon global store amazon haul amazon one medical amazon pharmacy amazon resale appliances apps & games arts, crafts & sewing audible books & originals automotive parts & accessories baby beauty & personal care books cds & vinyl cell phones & accessories clothing, shoes & jewelry women's clothing, shoes & jewelry men's clothing, shoes & jewelry girl's clothing, shoes & jewelry boy's clothing, shoes & jewelry baby clothing, shoes & jewelry collectibles & fine art computers credit and payment cards digital music electronics foodmaxx garden & outdoor gift cards grocery & gourmet food handmade health, household & baby care home & business services home & kitchen industrial & scientific just for prime kindle store luggage & travel gear luxury stores magazine subscriptions movies & tv musical instruments office products pet supplies premium beauty prime video smart home software sports & outdoors subscribe & save subscription boxes tools & home improvement toys & games under $10 video games whole foods market search amazon en hello, sign in account & lists returns & orders 0 cart all amazon haul medical care saks best sellers amazon basics new releases registry groceries today's deals music gift cards smart home prime customer service books pharmacy luxury stores amazon home fashion toys & games gift shop sell beauty & personal care automotive home improvement computers sports & outdoors categoriesan error has occurred, please refresh the page.new & trendingan error has occurred, please refresh the page.deals & rewardsan error has occurred, please refresh the page.best sellers & morean error has occurred, please refresh the page.membershipsan error has occurred, please refresh the page.communitiesan error has occurred, please refresh the page.morean error has occurred, please refresh the page.morean error has occurred, please refresh the page.your booksbest books of 2025 so far: see the listbest books of 2025 so far amazon.com: every word : amazon digital services: kindle store consider these available itemsevery word: crossings4.01,656$0.00$0.00jigsaw words3.91,447$0.00$0.00grid detective4.01,267$0.00$0.00 kindle store›kindle ebooks›humor & entertainment›activities, puzzles & games›word games currently unavailable. we don't know when or if this item will be back in stock. delivering to sanjose 95101 - update location you've subscribed to ! we will preorder your items within 24 hours of when they become available. when new books are released, we'll charge your default payment method for the lowest price available during the pre-order period. update your device or payment method, cancel individual pre-orders or your subscription at your memberships & subscriptions there was an error. we were unable to process your subscription due to an error. please refresh and try again. add to list added to unable to add item to list. please try again. sorry, there was a problem. there was an error retrieving your wish lists. please try again. sorry, there was a problem. list unavailable. image unavailable image not available forcolor: to view this video download flash player videos 360° view images every word amazon digital services 4.1 4.1 out of 5 stars 2,465 ratings sorry, there was a problem loading this page. try again. if you like word scrambles then every word is the game for you. test your vocabulary as you try to find as many words from the scrambled letters in this fun and fast-paced word game.you are given five to seven scrambled letters with the goal of finding as many words as you can. you score points by filling out the words in each empty spot on the board using only the letters that appear at the top of the game board. keep at it until time runs out or until you fill up the board. the more words you make, the higher your score!your score is comprised of two components: first make a lot of words, second try to make the longest word possible. the best way to increase your score is to do both. why? because when you do, you earn the right to play a new level with a brand new set of letters. as long as you keep finding the longest word, you can move on to a new level and push your score higher and higher.please note: every word may contain content inappropriate for children. read more report an issue with this product or seller this title is only available on select devices and the latest version of the kindle app. please refer to the supported device list before purchase. available on these devices see all supported devices kindle e-readerskindle paperwhitekindle paperwhite (11th generation)kindle paperwhite (10th generation)kindle paperwhite (5th generation)kindle paperwhite (12th generation)kindle scribe (1st generation)kindle (11th generation, 2024 release)all new kindle e-reader (11th generation)kindle scribe, 1st generation (2024 release)kindle oasis (10th generation)kindle touchkindle (10th generation) fire tabletsfire 7 (9th generation)fire hd 8 (8th generation)fire hd 8 plusfire hd 10 (9th generation)fire 7 (12th generation)fire hd 10 plusfire hd 10 (11th generation)fire hd 8 (12th generation)fire hd 8 (10th generation) free kindle reading appskindle for mac product details date first available ‏ : ‎ september 8, 2010 manufacturer ‏ : ‎ amazon digital services asin ‏ : ‎ b003p37fw0 customer reviews: 4.1 4.1 out of 5 stars 2,465 ratings brief content visible, double tap to read full content.full content visible, double tap to read brief content. videoshelp others learn more about this product by uploading a video!upload your video customer reviews4.1 out of 5 stars4.1 out of 52,465 global ratings5 star4 star3 star2 star1 star5 star62%11%13%4%10%62%5 star4 star3 star2 star1 star4 star62%11%13%4%10%11%5 star4 star3 star2 star1 star3 star62%11%13%4%10%13%5 star4 star3 star2 star1 star2 star62%11%13%4%10%4%5 star4 star3 star2 star1 star1 star62%11%13%4%10%10%how customer reviews and ratings workcustomer reviews, including product star ratings help customers to learn more about the product and decide whether it is the right product for them.to calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don’t use a simple average. instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on amazon. it also analyzed reviews to verify trustworthiness.learn more how customers reviews work on amazon review this productshare your thoughts with other customerswrite a customer review customers saycustomers find this word game addictive and appreciate that it can be played in both timed and relaxed modes, making it a great way to spend a few minutes. the game is simple but challenging, and customers value its educational benefits for expanding vocabulary. while many consider it the best word game, some find the word list odd, and opinions about its addictive nature are mixed.ai generated from the text of customer reviewsselect to learn morefun to playdifficulty levelmind healthvalue for moneyqualitytimed gameplayword qualityaddictiveness794 customers mention "fun to play"756 positive38 negativecustomers find this word game enjoyable, describing it as addictive and a great way to spend a few minutes, particularly suitable for beginners."...this game has you competing against yourself to best your last score. fun and challenging...." read more"...the interface is well-designed and the game play is thoroughly enjoyable. the game has a timed and relaxed mode...." read more"...too much about this game since it is free and therefore is not a terrible terrible game. but it can really be improved...." read more"...it is a challenge. the premise is simple but it is a mind tease to think of all the variations. -..." read more340 customers mention "difficulty level"282 positive58 negativecustomers find the difficulty level of the game simple but challenging, with navigation being easy and it being easier to play than scrabble."...fun and challenging. of course you need not pay attention to the scoring if you don't want to, but for me, that's the fun...." read more"...it's challenging, but doable. varied game play lets you enjoy it at easier or harder levels (i'll explain that in a minute)...." read more"...the directions are not complicated. - it is a challenge. the premise is simple but it is a mind tease to think of all the variations. -..." read more"...like the best games, it is extremely easy to learn, yet is quite challenging and requires the need for strategic thinking...." read more333 customers mention "mind health"333 positive0 negativecustomers find the software beneficial for mental health, as it exercises the brain, expands vocabulary, and provides good brain teasers."...that will not only keep your mind active but will increase your knowledge of the english language...." read more"...this will increase your vocabulary if you choose. i've made a point of looking up every unfamiliar word...." read more"...what is up here? the game of every word is addicting and wonderful. but one has to have a kindle unit to use it (i think)...." read more"...it challenge my reflexes with the timed portion, but i feel it keeps my mind sharp...." read more122 customers mention "value for money"122 positive0 negativecustomers find the software worth the money, appreciating that it's free to download and play."...i think i couldn't have complained too much about this game since it is free and therefore is not a terrible terrible game...." read more"...hey, the price is right - $0.00, so don't delay if you like word games at all, you should like this one...." read more"...as i said - good program for free and i'd pay of there was a dictionary that would let me see simple definitions of some of these words after i..." read more"...i understand that the game is free and i have had a lot of enjoyment from it, i just need to vent my frustration with these aggravating aspects..." read more118 customers mention "quality"108 positive10 negativecustomers find the e-book reader to be great, with one customer specifically mentioning it works well with their kindle dx."very addictive for nerds like me, who actually play these kind of games manually before we had an electronic version. the good: 1...." read more"...what i like: 1. good gamplay (played on kindle touch) and nice graphic. 2. two modes - timed and relaxed. 3...." read more"...they have ipods and every imaginable game but loved every word and were completely absorbed until we left the restaurant...." read more"this game is very addictive...." read more110 customers mention "timed gameplay"107 positive3 negativecustomers appreciate that the game offers both timed and relaxed modes, allowing for hours of play."...all in all, this is a game you can play over and over without growing tired of it. isn't that the definition of a great game?" read more"...not only does it challenge my reflexes with the timed portion, but i feel it keeps my mind sharp...." read more"...i look forward to playing it and can play for surprisingly long periods of time." read more"...4. the option to turn off the clock makes it a fun tool to use for teaching as well. the bad: 1...." read more348 customers mention "word quality"234 positive114 negativecustomers have mixed opinions about the word quality in the game, with some praising it as the best word game and appreciating its use of obscure vocabulary, while others find the word list odd."every word is a good, fun game...." read more"...the words are alphabetized which is helpful as this in itself can be instructive for filling in the blanks..." read more"...hard part: as you progress and get better at this game, the words become harder to find and more esoteric...." read more"...one i just finished was very difficult but had many interesting and long words (long words award the highest points)...." read more209 customers mention "addictiveness"131 positive78 negativecustomers have mixed feelings about the addictive nature of the game, with some finding it engaging while others say it's not terribly exciting."...as i said, addictive. got in-laws and a spouse that seem to like scrabble, and i'm smart, but never really played it. this helps!!!..." read more"very addictive for nerds like me, who actually play these kind of games manually before we had an electronic version. the good: 1...." read more"...this will be great on airplanes! this game is surprisingly addictive, particularly if you're a bit of a perfectionist, as i am...." read more"...kindle came for christmas, and i couldn't stop playing as it is highly addictive...." read more view image gallery amazon customer 5.0 out of 5 stars images in this review reviews with imagessee all photosprevious pagenext pageall photosamazon customer1 out of 5 starsthought this was a good game, until...i'd enjoyed playing this game for the past several years until last night when a longest word answer turned out to be "n*ggas". (see submitted photo). highly inappropriate, to say the least. i'm hoping later versions removed the offense, but the fact that it was included in the first place speaks volumes about the developer.morehidethank you for your feedbackclosesorry, there was an errorclosesorry we couldn't load the reviewtry again top reviews from the united states there was a problem filtering reviews. please reload the page. miz brody5.0 out of 5 stars very habit-forming reviewed in the united states on march 28, 2012verified purchase given 6 or 7 letters, find all the possible words in alphabetical order, beginning with three-letter words to the "longest word". but you must find the longest word in order to proceed to the next (slightly harder) level. you can flip the letters around as often as you like just by touching the "next page" button on the side. this is advisable in order to perhaps jog your memory and permit you to get more words per level. my goal is to fill in all the blanks before i ask the game to take me to the next level. that gives me a higher score. sometimes i get stuck and have to leave a blank unused, but i can still proceed so long as i have found the longest possible word for this particular group of letters.you are scored for each of the 10 levels per game, each with a new set of letters. when you finish ten levels (1 game), then comes the hard part: as you progress and get better at this game, the words become harder to find and more esoteric. it gets harder to get, for example, from level 8 to level 9, filling in every word (all the blanks available), then if you're good enough to complete level 9, it's harder to complete level 10, the highest level per game.just when you think you're right up there with a great score in the tens of thousands of points (the game stores your statistics), it gets still harder to rise above your highest score. this game has you competing against yourself to best your last score. fun and challenging. of course you need not pay attention to the scoring if you don't want to, but for me, that's the fun. you may play a "relaxed game" or a "timed game". i prefer the former. and you can play with wi-fi turned off.my only minor complaint is that many latin words in common english usage are not permitted, but it's a small price to pay for a game that will not only keep your mind active but will increase your knowledge of the english language. i am waiting for version 2 just so i know it's there. so far, i have not exhausted the present lexicon nor all the levels programmed into the game. this is wonderful stuff. read more one person found this helpful helpful report penni l. smith5.0 out of 5 stars my most-played kindle game reviewed in the united states on july 8, 2011verified purchase this is a fun game that you can play for minutes or hours. it's challenging, but doable. varied game play lets you enjoy it at easier or harder levels (i'll explain that in a minute). the interface is well-designed and the game play is thoroughly enjoyable.the game has a timed and relaxed mode. in both, you must find the longest word to move to the next level. in the relaxed mode, you can take your time finding the longest word; in the timed game you have three minutes. every other word you find increases your score.for maximum challenge, you can play the relaxed mode and try to find every word on the board. for a quick game, you can play the timed mode and see how far you can go and how high you can score.i have a few things i think could have been better. first, there should be separate high scores for the timed game and the relaxed game. i've played the relaxed game and found every word on every level. i can't compete with that on the timed mode, so i'll never beat that high score. i keep track of my timed mode high scores on my own. also, the score depends on the boards you get--how many words, how many longer ones. so it's a little hard to compare.also, the word list is little odd. some common words--not vulgarities--aren't on the list, and some very rare ones are. also, there are some words that don't seem to fit the rules. and i don't know why misspellings such as "nite" are allowed. but as you play, you will learn these quirks and you will remember some of what is included versus excluded, enabling you to improve your game. this will increase your vocabulary if you choose. i've made a point of looking up every unfamiliar word.finally, it's disappointing that deciding you cannot get the longest word ends the game, not just the level. maybe there should be a scoring penalty, but you should be able to continue.all in all, this is a game you can play over and over without growing tired of it. isn't that the definition of a great game? read more helpful report toa3.0 out of 5 stars every word is fun fun fun reviewed in the united states on december 12, 2012verified purchase every word is a good, fun game. i came across every word: crossings before every word, and having got used to every word: crossings i had no idea what every word would be like.every word's first level was harder for me. maybe it wasn't that it was hard, but the game got tiring after a few moments. and i was not much a fan of this game. but the reason i gave it four stars is because it wasn't one of those terrible games i've come across and really disliked. but the game was certainly too simple.there had been some times in this game where you think you might just give up, and i think it may be common because what helps you? if you have no idea what one word is, you become frustrated. sooner or later you might come back to the came thinking, "i've got an idea if what that word may be." and so you type it in, and wait another few moments or so trying to come up with more words. where do you finnally get to say you've finished a level?games like this have some promlems, but i wouldn't say they're amateurs. this game was actually a good game, but it is definitely not flawless. there was some times where i thought that this game wasn't good at all, but i think it is actually a fine game.there were some things i am concerned about. first off, a goid thing for all guessing games or so is hints that are helpful, yet don't give away the whole answer. hints were not used in this game, and that's why i believe it should've had clues.i think i couldn't have complained too much about this game since it is free and therefore is not a terrible terrible game. but it can really be improved. a lot of things in this game can easily be improved. but i do think this game is fun and ok to download. after all, it's free!gina b. age 10 read more helpful report see more reviews report an issuedoes this item contain inappropriate content?reportdo you believe that this item violates a copyright?reportdoes this item contain quality or formatting issues?report your recently viewed items and featured recommendations › view or edit your browsing history after viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in. your recently viewed items and featured recommendations › view or edit your browsing history after viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in. back to top get to know us careers amazon newsletter about amazon accessibility sustainability press center investor relations amazon devices amazon science make money with us sell on amazon sell apps on amazon supply to amazon protect & build your brand become an affiliate become a delivery driver start a package delivery business advertise your products self-publish with us become an amazon hub partner ›see more ways to make money amazon payment products amazon visa amazon store card amazon secured card amazon business card shop with points credit card marketplace reload your balance gift cards amazon currency converter let us help you your account your orders shipping rates & policies amazon prime returns & replacements manage your content and devices recalls and product safety alerts registry & gift list help english united states amazon musicstream millionsof songs amazon adsreach customerswherever theyspend their time 6pmscore dealson fashion brands abebooksbooks, art& collectibles acx audiobook publishingmade easy sell on amazonstart a selling account veeqoshipping softwareinventory management amazon businesseverything foryour business amazon freshgroceries & moreright to your door amazonglobalship ordersinternationally home servicesexperienced proshappiness guarantee amazon web servicesscalable cloudcomputing services audiblelisten to books & originalaudio performances box office mojofind moviebox office data goodreadsbook reviews& recommendations imdbmovies, tv& celebrities imdbproget info entertainmentprofessionals need kindle direct publishingindie digital & print publishingmade easy amazon photosunlimited photo storagefree with prime prime video directvideo distributionmade easy shopbopdesignerfashion brands amazon resalegreat deals onquality used products whole foods marketamerica’s healthiestgrocery store woot!deals and shenanigans zapposshoes &clothing ringsmart homesecurity systems eero wifistream 4k videoin every room blinksmart securityfor every home neighbors app real-time crime& safety alerts amazon subscription boxestop subscription boxes – right to your door pillpackpharmacy simplified amazon renewedlike-new productsyou can trust conditions of use privacy notice consumer health data privacy disclosure your ads privacy choices © 1996-2025, amazon.com, inc. or its affiliates