来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111231235154/http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?ie=UTF8&nodeId=508088
================================================================================

amazon.com help: conditions of use amazon.com hello. sign in to get personalized recommendations. new customer? start here. year-end deals save on thousands of items sponsored by duracell your amazon.com | today's deals | gifts & wish lists | gift cards your digital items | your account | help shop all departments search all departmentsamazon instant videoappliancesapps for android arts, crafts & sewingautomotivebabybeautybookscell phones & accessoriesclothing & accessoriescomputerselectronicsgift cardsgrocery & gourmet foodhealth & personal carehome & kitchenindustrial & scientificjewelrykindle storemagazine subscriptionsmovies & tvmp3 downloadsmusicmusical instrumentsoffice productspatio, lawn & gardenpet suppliesshoessoftwaresports & outdoorstools & home improvementtoys & gamesvideo gameswatches cart wish list help > privacy, security & accessibility > conditions of use topics privacy, security & accessibilityprivacy noticeconditions of useamazon accessibility resourcessafety and security tipsour efforts to stop spoofingyour amazon.com bill of rightsa-to-z guarantee protectionis this e-mail from amazon?e-mail account verificationsecurity researchers and professionals other help areas shipping & delivery changing or canceling orders returns and refunds problem with an order payment, pricing & promotions placing an order kindle mp3, instant video & apps gifts, gift cards & gift registries privacy, security & accessibility site features ayuda en espańol selling at amazon.com author, publisher & vendor guides business opportunities search help: conditions of use last updated: august 19, 2011 welcome to amazon.com. amazon services llc and/or its affiliates ("amazon") provide website features to you subject to the following conditions. if you visit or shop at amazon.com, you accept these conditions. please read them carefully. in addition, when you use any current or future amazon service or business (e.g., your profile, gift cards, unbox, or your media library) you also will be subject to the guidelines, terms and agreements ("terms")  applicable to such service or business. if these conditions are inconsistent with such terms, the terms will control. privacy please review our privacy notice, which also governs your visit to amazon.com, to understand our practices. electronic communications when you visit amazon.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. you consent to receive communications from us electronically. we will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. copyright all content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of amazon or its content suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. the compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of amazon and protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. all software used on this site is the property of amazon or its software suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. trademarks click here to see a non-exhaustive list of amazon trademarks. in addition, amazon.com graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks, or trade dress of amazon in the u.s. and/or other countries. amazon's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not amazon's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits amazon. all other trademarks not owned by amazon that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by amazon. patents one or more patents owned by amazon apply to this site and to the features and services accessible via the site. portions of this site operate under license of one or more patents.  click here to see a non-exhaustive list of applicable amazon patents and applicable licensed patents. license and site access amazon grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of amazon. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. this site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of amazon. you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of amazon without express written consent. you may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing amazon's name or trademarks without the express written consent of amazon. any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by amazon. you are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of amazon.com so long as the link does not portray amazon, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. you may not use any amazon logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. your account if you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. amazon does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. if you are under 18, you may use amazon.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian. amazon reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion. reviews, comments, communications, and other content visitors may post reviews, comments, photos, and other content; send e-cards and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." you may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. amazon reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. if you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant amazon a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. you grant amazon and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify amazon for all claims resulting from content you supply. amazon has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. amazon takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. copyright complaints amazon respects the intellectual property of others. if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow our notice and procedure for making claims of copyright infringement. risk of loss all items purchased from amazon are made pursuant to a shipment contract. this means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. returns, refunds and title amazon does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our fulfillment center. at our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return. in this situation, amazon does not take title to the refunded item. for more information about our returns and refunds, please see our returns center. product descriptions amazon attempts to be as accurate as possible. however, amazon does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. if a product offered by amazon itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. pricing except where noted otherwise, the list price displayed for products on our website represents the full retail price listed on the product itself, suggested by the manufacturer or supplier, or estimated in accordance with standard industry practice; or the estimated retail value for a comparably featured item offered elsewhere. the list price is a comparative price estimate and may or may not represent the prevailing price in every area on any particular day. for certain items that are offered as a set, the list price may represent "open-stock" prices, which means the aggregate of the manufacturer's estimated or suggested retail price for each of the items included in the set. where an item is offered for sale by one of our merchants, the list price may be provided by the merchant. with respect to items sold by amazon, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order; however, we do not charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process. despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced. if an item's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. please note that this policy applies only to products sold and shipped by amazon. your purchases from third-party sellers are charged at the time you place your order, and third-party sellers may follow different policies in the event of a mispriced item. other businesses parties other than amazon operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines on this site. for example, shutterfly offers photo services in our camera and photo store, and other businesses and individuals offer products in auctions. in addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. we are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their web sites. amazon does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. you should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use. disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability this site and all information, content, materials, products (including software) and services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site are provided by amazon on an "as is" and "as available" basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. amazon makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site, unless otherwise specified in writing. you expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, amazon disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. amazon does not warrant that this site; information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site; their servers; or electronic communications sent from amazon are free of viruses or other harmful components. amazon will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site or from any information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing. certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights. disputes any dispute or claim relating in any way to your visit to amazon.com or to products or services sold or distributed by amazon or through amazon.com will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. the federal arbitration act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. however, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these conditions of use as a court would. to begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent corporation service company, 300 deschutes way sw, suite 304, tumwater, wa 98051. the arbitration will be conducted by the american arbitration association (aaa) under its rules, including the aaa's supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes. the aaa's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the aaa's rules. we will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. likewise, amazon will not to seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. you may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location. we each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. if for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. we also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. applicable law by visiting amazon.com, you agree that the federal arbitration act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these conditions of use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and amazon. site policies, modification, and severability please review our other policies, such as our pricing policy, posted on this site. these policies also govern your visit to amazon.com. we reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these conditions of use at any time. if any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. our address amazon.com, inc. p.o. box 81226 seattle, wa 98108-1226 http://www.amazon.com notice and procedure for making claims of copyright infringement if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide amazon.com's copyright agent the written information specified below. please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying amazon that your copyrighted material has been infringed. an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site, including the auction id number, if applicable; your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; a statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. amazon.com's copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on its site can be reached as follows: copyright agent amazon.com legal department p.o. box 81226 seattle, wa 98108 phone: (206) 266-4064 fax: (206) 266-7010 e-mail: copyright@amazon.com courier address: copyright agent amazon.com legal department 410 terry avenue north seattle, wa 98109-5210 usa read our conditions of use here. self-service track or manage purchasesmanage payment optionsreturn itemschange name, e-mail, or passwordmanage address bookmanage your kindleask the community get to know us careers investor relations press releases amazon and our planet amazon in the community make money with us sell on amazon become an affiliate advertise your products independently publish with us › see all let us help you shipping rates & policies amazon prime returns are easy manage your kindle help canada china france germany italy japan spain united kingdom abebooks rare books & textbooks amazonlocal great local deals in your city amazonwireless cellphones & wireless plans askville community answers audible download audio books diapers.com everything but the baby dpreview digital photography endless shoes & more fabric sewing, quilting & knitting imdb movies, tv & celebrities myhabit private fashion designer sales shopbop designer fashion brands small parts industrial supplies soap.com health, beauty & home essentials warehouse deals open-box discounts woot never gonna give you up zappos shoes & clothing conditions of use privacy notice © 1996-2011, amazon.com, inc. or its affiliates