来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121231214848/http://www.amazon.com/gp/product-reviews/B00894YWD0?ie=UTF8&showViewpoints=1
================================================================================

amazon.com: customer reviews: canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital slr with 18-55mm ef-s is ii lens amazon join prime your amazon.com today's deals gift cards help shop by department search all all departmentsamazon instant videoappliancesapps for android arts, crafts & sewingautomotivebabybeautybookscell phones & accessoriesclothing & accessoriescollectiblescomputerscredit cardselectronicsgift cards store grocery & gourmet foodhealth & personal carehome & kitchenindustrial & scientificjewelrykindle storemagazine subscriptionsmovies & tvmp3 musicmusicmusical instrumentsoffice productspatio, lawn & gardenpet suppliesshoessoftwaresports & outdoorstools & home improvementtoys & gamesvideo gameswatches hello. sign in your account join prime cart 0 wish list camera & photo all electronics brands best sellers digital slrs & lenses point-and-shoots camcorders pro video accessories deals customer reviews canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital slr with 18-55mm ef-s is ii lens 164 reviews 5 star: (108) 4 star: (27) 3 star: (12) 2 star: (6) 1 star: (11) average customer review 4.3 out of 5 stars (164 customer reviews) share your thoughts with other customers create your own review search customer reviews only search this product's reviews the most helpful favorable review the most helpful critical review 683 of 695 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars a great upgrade over other rebels i had this long awesome review and amazon lost it of course. so here goes a second try.this is my second canon camera. previously i have owned olympus and minolta cameras. i owned a t2i before this and used a t3i for weeks for testing purposes. i will try to cover most aspects of the new features and image quality. for testing purposes i used a canon 17-40l... read the full review › published 6 months ago by e. reed 130 of 157 people found the following review helpful 3.0 out of 5 stars low light performance? i'll just keep my t3i i wanted to love the t4i and bought one as soon as it was made available. most of the new features of the t4i are for "point-n-shooters" who want the camera to do all the thinking for them (there's nothing wrong with that); however, i shoot manual most of the time so these features are not a selling point for me.the touch screen was nice and so was the swipe &... read the full review › published 6 months ago by art p ‹ previous | 1 2 … 17| next › most helpful first | newest first 683 of 695 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars a great upgrade over other rebels, june 21, 2012 by e. reed (detroit) - see all my reviews (real name) amazon verified purchase(what's this?) this review is from: canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital camera with 3-inch touchscreen and full hd movie mode (body only) (electronics) i had this long awesome review and amazon lost it of course. so here goes a second try.this is my second canon camera. previously i have owned olympus and minolta cameras. i owned a t2i before this and used a t3i for weeks for testing purposes. i will try to cover most aspects of the new features and image quality. for testing purposes i used a canon 17-40l lens.look and feel:not much to say here for the look of the camera. looks almost the exact same as the t2i, t3i. the battery grip and accessories all fit the same. one thing that is different from the t2i is the proximity sensor. on the t2i it was below the optical viewfinder and above the screen. on the t4i it is above the optical viewfinder. i use an eyecup(http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b003y06336)and it used to make the screen shut off on its own regularly on the t2i. this is a non issue for the t4i. there is also an added dedicated movie button in the power switch now.feel is a little different. the t4i feels more sturdy than the previous two rebels. the buttons are more solid and the selector wheels are improved. the adjustment wheel has better clicks and don't feel like you could easily flick it and change a setting by accident. the mode selector wheel is sturdier as well. i notice this because my t2i used to regularly switch to a-dep mode when i would pull the camera out of my bag and i would get upset if i missed a quick shot because of it. i feel this will be a non issue with the new model. one issue i have is using my eyecup mentioned previously. the flippy screen catches on this and is just a slight annoyance but not a huge deal in the grand scheme. the rebel series always felt a bit small in the hand for me so i now use a battery grip which adds weight and substance to the camera.touchscreen:when i saw rumors that the t4i would have a touchscreen i first said i wouldn't buy it. i figured this would be a gimmick and offer limited functionality. then when i saw the press release and videos from canon i changed my mind. i was sceptic of a couple things i will address here. i will start with the touch to adjust. right now i feel kind of wonky using the touchscreen to make most adjustments to shooting in manual mode which is all i shoot in. but i consider this like moving from a blackberry to an iphone. you are used to using buttons and the keyboard for so long you are lost on the touchscreen at first, but with time it ends up faster and easier. so in time it will end up faster for me to adjust by touch i am sure. it is in two spots already. iso adjusting always seemed kind of odd to me on the rebel. the iso button was placed so you had to kind of search for it and then do a three button combo to set it. on the touchscreen i find this easier. a couple taps and its done. the other major place it's easier for me is aeb. bracketing on canon is typically a pain. hit menu, find the exposure selector, hit ok. slide the wheel, hit ok again then press menu. on touchscreen you just press the exposure and tap a couple times to set the bracket.touch to focus was something that i didn't see coming from canon. when they announced it my thought was it would be ok but nothing great. i figured it would be where you would touch on one of the 9 af points you would like the camera to use. but thanks to the hybrid cmos on the camera, it is truly a touch to focus. no matter where in the frame you press the camera will seek out and quickly focus on that area. this function works much better than i anticipated and i may use it in the future. at first i figured this would be a selling point for soccer moms but i was incorrect. i have not used the face detection follow focus to comment on it yet.image quality:this is the most important thing in the end when you buy any camera. how will my images look? the t4i does not disappoint. thanks to improvements in the processor, focus, sensor and noise reduction software the t4i simply crushes the previous rebel cameras. we can start with the white balance. on the previous rebels and even the 60d, white balance was not so great. a yellow or tan-ish hue was almost always present and reds were soft. canon has addressed this issue and images are clear and cary a nice contrast throughout the image. auto focus i have touched on. moving from 1 to 9 cross type af points and a new added contrast detection sensor for af makes a world of difference. focus is fast and true and doesn't waste time seeking as much as before. in live view mode in low light, the digic4 and old sensors were pretty bad. a lot of seeking and misplaced focal areas. this is greatly improved with this model. because of these reasons if you shoot in auto focus or any auto mode on the camera your images will turn out better.low light/high iso:when the digic 5 was announced canon touted this as being able to provide up to 75% better image quality over the digic 4. of course i didn't buy into this because it's canon and they were there to sell you. with the t4i canon added the digic 5 as well as some new noise reduction software to boot. how did it make out? i tested these things against a canon 60d. same lens, same settings. in raw at iso 6400 the image quality looked at least twice as good over the 60d in terms of noise. at 12800 its laughable. that being said, on my t2i i would not use an image over iso 1600 to print or display or sell. on the t4i i would gladly use iso 3200 and at times 6400. auto focus is so much improved at high iso and low light that it's one of the first things you notice when comparing the camera to the 60d.battery life: have not used it a full day to test yet. i imagine if you use full time af it will go down slightly from the previous models.other additions:scene intelligent auto....used for one shot. seemed to be ok but i am a manual shooter. i am sure this would work well for most beginners.handheld night scene....this takes 4 quick shots in a row and then in the camera combines them to reduce shake and noise. at 6400 iso the image did result in less noise over standard shooting in raw. this mode can only be done in jpg. i can see it being very good indoors at functions or for quick night shots outside.hdr backlight control....this will do in camera hdr. it takes three shots of various exposure and combines them to improve highlight and shadow detail.this worked well and didn't produce too much noise in low light. it does not produce an image that people now days think of in hdr with blown out tones and surreal feeling to it. it is more traditional in where it just makes shadows appear less and corrects some blowing out by brighter lights in a frame. works well for what its supposed to be. also only available in jpgautofocus during video...worked well and somewhat fast with my 17-40. still allowed some noise from the lens searching for focus, but i wasn't using one of the stm lenses designed for this function.edit: since my initial review i have had a chance to test video with an stm lens and try out the face follow focus. the stm lens does improve focus speed quite a bit in video and is much quieter. there is still a little noise but may be something you don't notice depending on the scene you are shooting. face follow focus works better than i thought it would. it can actually focus on an object as well as just faces. it follows through the frame very well and precise even in low light. it's nto super fast to focus but still works well.pros:outstanding image quality. even at higher isotouchscreenease of use5 frames per second shootingauto focuscons:built in stereo mic is kind of pointless unless you use an stm lens. maybe even then.the bezel around the touchscreen is uneven, but that has nothing to do with function. it's just poor design.learning curve on the touchscreenfeature guide...it makes touchscreen control unbearable. just disable it as soon as you turn the camera on and save yourself the frustration of being told why you need to change iso every time you touch the button for it.final word:if you were holding back or looking for a reason to upgrade your digic 4 based camera this is the one you are looking for. compared to the t2i/t3i/60d this camera will offer you better image quality, focus, low light performance and ease of use. yes the 60d is an "upgrade" over the rebel line but as of now, you'd only gain size, weight and one stop of shutter speed over the t4i with the 60d. with the t4i you'd gain better images, video, high iso performance, touchscreen, shutter lag and a few other things. this camera offers many new technologies and additions from canon that aren't seen on any other camera in their line up. if you are a beginner or someone with a previous rebel looking for a nice camera you will find this camera to offer many things that you will enjoy in a first camera or an upgrade. this camera can make your photos better by taking the same photos as you would have with the previous models just with the improvements and that is what you should look for. the t3i was a small upgrade form the t2i and canon has made up for it with this rebel.if you do own or buy this camera join the flickr group we have made. it can be found at flickr /groups/canont4i/ help other customers find the most helpful reviews was this review helpful to you? yes no report abuse | permalinkcomment comments (42) 191 of 202 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars great upgrade over my t3i - wow, june 18, 2012 by g. thompson (missouri, united states) - see all my reviews (real name) amazon verified purchase(what's this?) this review is from: canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital camera with 18-135mm ef-s is stm lens (electronics) i've only had my t3i for about 8 months when this came out but i read the details and decided to pre-order. the new t4i just arrived today (body only) and i've been playing around with it all afternoon using my 50mm 1.4 lens.all i can say so far is wow - i'm very impressed with the upgraded autofocus, the touchscreen, as well as the new focus selection methods. there is a lot less delay when you move the camera and what you see on the screen in live mode. live mode is much "snappier" feeling. when you turned on the t3i in live mode, it would have a little rectangle you could move around the screen to make sure the camera was focusing on what you wanted. but with the t4i, this system is much more versatile. you can tap the screen to instantly set a focus point, or you can move the little box around (which is much smaller and more precise now - and it will also follow your focus point when you move the camera around!), or you can allow for a more "general focus" by getting rid of the little box and letting the camera choose how it wants to focus, similar to how it works when using only the viewfinder to take photos. when you do the "general focus", a bunch of little boxes appear on the screen letting you know exactly which parts of the photo are in sharp focus - the t3i did not do this and only relied on the positioning of the focus box.the continuous autofocus during video worked very well on my 50mm 1.4 lens - sure, the focus motor was a little noisy, but if you're taking scenic shots or something where you'll be replacing the audio with music anyway, motor noise is a non-issue. if you're doing interviews where the person is talking into a lav mic, it still won't be an issue because the lav mic will be too far away to pick up the motor noise. motor noise is only an issue if you're using the built in mic, which i would regard as an "emergency only" mic anyway.so all this means that you do not need an stm lens to use continuous autofocus - the main purpose of the stm technology as i understand it is to make autofocus faster and quiet. video autofocus with my 50mm 1.4 is what i would call "fast enough" - meaning, it is a bit slow compared to a camcorder (and noticeable on-screen), but not so slow that it should distract my viewers from the content too much. the only time continuous autofocus won't serve you very well is in dark rooms where it can't lock on to anything very quickly. my 50mm 1.4 lens hunted for focus in very dark areas so in situations like that i would manual focus.video is excellent quality as always. if you're used to the t3i video, this is just as stellar and tends to make people and scenes look better than they do in real life (when using the 50mm 1.4 at least) - they've moved the video mode to be part of the on/off switch instead of on the mode dial which is where it was on the t3i. this allows you to pick a mode on the dial and then turn on video straight from there and make use of those settings. so you can do full auto exposure video, full manual exposure video, or program mode video very easily.i also love the increased iso to 12800 and the ability for the camera to take multiple exposures and combine them to help eliminate noise and camera shake. this works very well for my purposes. it's a small thing but something i've not noticed anyone else talking about is how much better the shutter sounds. somehow it's more satisfying and reminds me of the more expensive cameras.hdr mode: i've uploaded some of this camera's hdr photos to the image section on this page so you can see how well it did combining 3 photos at 3 different exposures - the t4i can do this in camera with no software needed. it takes 3 quick photos and processes them for a few seconds and then the result is the image you see. the 3 originals do not get saved. to save them, you would have to use manual exposure bracketing which this camera does quite well. when using hdr mode, you only have to worry about getting proper focus and then everything else is taken care of for you. some of the images can come out looking a little weird, but if you take 2 or 3 different versions at different focal points, you should get at least one that looks very nice and detailed with lighting that doesn't look too cartoony. one thing that surprised me was how, in one of my photos, a car unexpectedly entered the scene while it was taking the 3 shots. the resulting image had no car at all. pretty cool.cons: so far, the only thing i don't like about the cam are the buttons - somehow they feel cheaper and more fragile than on the t3i. i'll update this if i discover anything else not up to par.overall, i love the camera and am very happy with my upgrade over the t3i. i'm really looking forward to seeing what the new stm lenses can do. help other customers find the most helpful reviews was this review helpful to you? yes no report abuse | permalinkcomment comments (34) 98 of 102 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars a review with sample pictures, june 23, 2012 by henry n. nguyen (northern california) - see all my reviews amazon verified purchase(what's this?) this review is from: canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital camera with 3-inch touchscreen and full hd movie mode (body only) (electronics) i upgraded from canon t1i to canon t4i. having this t4i camera for 3 days and taking more than 1,000 pictures in different modes and environments, i want to write a few words for other fellows.the main reasons for my upgrade are: 1) 9 cross-type focusing points; 2) faster shooting burst rate; 3) continuous video focusing; 4) touch screen (very useful features). the picture quality is from very good to excellent. color tone is realistic. pictures from t4i camera look better than pictures from t1i camera in term of white balance and sharpness (probably from the benefits of 9 cross-type focus points). it is definitely more snappy in sport mode, focusing is fast and burst rate is good. i do like the continuous focusing feature in the video mode because of the convenience. it takes between 1 - 2 second to focus to new scene and you can hear the focusing noise from the lense. definitely, there are rooms for improvement (faster focusing and reduce the motor noise during focusing) in video feature. i don't have the new canon stm lense, so i don't know if it is quite or not.this camera is good enough as an entry level and for people who to upgrade from their point-and-shoot cameras.link to some sample pictures that i took with my canon t4i camera (go to flickr.com and search under tags only for henrynnguyen). i uploaded the orginal picture size (3456x5184 pixels), but the flickr.com reduced the picture size to 1365x2048 pixels. hopefully that you still have a sense of how the picture quality look. most of my pictures were taken in raw format, then converted to jpeg format using canon provided software. the lenses that i used were canon 50mm f1.4 usm and canon 28-70mm f2.8 l series. the memory card is scandisk 32gb, uhs-1 rated. the canon t4i camera performs as advertised by canon. my main interests are accurate and fast focusing with high burst rate (who is not???). overall, this is a very good entry dslr camera. so, i am happy with the product and intend to keep it. help other customers find the most helpful reviews was this review helpful to you? yes no report abuse | permalinkcomment comments (8) 73 of 77 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars definite upgrade to the t3i! (correction made regarding the digital zoom), june 29, 2012 by t3ienthusiast - see all my reviews this review is from: canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital slr with 18-55mm ef-s is ii lens (electronics) i have the t3i and absolutely love the camera. its feature packed and has incredible image quality. i recently purchased the t4i (body only) and was thoroughly impressed with the first press of the shutter!cross type focal points:not only is the shutter quieter and faster than the t3i's, the enhanced cross type focusing on all points combined with the new image sensor is way faster and more accurate than the already good but not great t3i. i rarely use the outer focal points on the t3i because the focusing is slow and unreliable, its always been center point or manual focus for me. not so on the t4i! super fast focusing on all points and great image quality!touch screen:excellent addition to any dslr and it works wonderfully! everything you can do from the main menu button on the t3i and the quick menu button can be done through the touchscreen's interface on the t4i. everything!constant auto focus:i tested this feature with my existing lenses and yes, you do notice the hunting and hear the autofocus motor (which will vary from lens to lens) but i have not tested it with the new 4omm or the new 18-135 stm lenses, yet.custom white balance:i believe this is new or i just never used it on my t3i. a very nice grid displays from the quick menu that allows you to set a custom white balance. no, this is not just selecting awb from the white balance options, thats still available but the custom piece appears to be a new feature. (i could very well be wrong about that one)the adep option has been removed from the dial. i rarely used it but it was nice having the foreground and background in focus option available in the 'manual' region of the dial.updated/corrected info:earlier i made a correction regarding the lack of digital zoom. well, the final correction to my previous correction is this, there is in fact no digital zoom. at least none i can find that is recordable while in video mode. you are still able to zoom in and essentially magnify a selected area but when you begin your recording the cropped or zoomed area goes away and your standard focal length will be recorded.the viewfinder has a slight amber color as opposed to the bluish hue on the t3i. i can't say i see if this is a benefit or not but its worthy of mentioning for those doing research.a friend asked me how much i think the t4i is better than the t3i. the only answer i had was this, "i was considering getting a 60d to take advantage of the faster shutter and better focusing (9 point cross type). seeing how well those improvements on the t4i work, i forgot all about the 60d!" i know the 60d is better built and has a better/larger viewfinder but for my money, the t4i fit the bill!these are things i've found to be improvements and overall nice features about the t4i but you should do as much research as possible. dpreview . com is an excellent site for camera gear information but the last time i checked they did not have a hands on review, only some canned information from canon. another great, i mean great site is the-digital-picture . com. again, too new for a review to be there but i encourage you to go there, absorb and be a well informed consumer and a better photographer!now i wonder if that 70d rumor is true..... help other customers find the most helpful reviews was this review helpful to you? yes no report abuse | permalinkcomment comments (20) 136 of 152 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars ok, i guess i know what you're looking for in this review..., september 30, 2012 by alex smith "alex sally" - see all my reviews this review is from: canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital camera with 18-135mm ef-s is stm lens (electronics) you're thinking of getting the t4i, reading the reviews, comparing it to the t3i and countless others and pulling your hair out at all the pros and cons? am i close? i'm a photographer and have used this, the t3i and its sony equivalent. i might be able to help. here's hoping :) let me start with an anecdote, (you've read enough technical jargon for now so consider this a breather)i film eagles on the isle of mull in the scottish hebrides and the landlady i stay with was telling me about this other photographer who visits her little cottage (it's beautiful by the way, you should visit if you get the chance). so anyway, she is cooking tea , as she does if you ask her nicely. while it's cooking he shows her one of his photos, probably of a sea eagle catching a fish. everyone wants to photograph one of those even though its on every other postcard in scotland. next to a highland cow looking over a gate its the top photo/cliche to get.. anyhoo, she looks at the photo and says "wow that's great...you must have a brilliant camera" .so they sit down for supper a bit later and its delicious, she is a great cook. he says "this is lovely...you must have some great saucepans!" boom boom.but herein lies the real point of this camera. you know its the person behind the camera that takes the pictures but do you really know it? this and the t3i take pictures so good (if you have the skill) you could blow it up the size of front door but are you going to want to. the thing no sellers want to tell you is that for years, maybe 5 , all of the big names have been making great dslr. since the nikon d40 perhaps. but you really want to know, if you bought this, would you be happy or buying a pup. be reassured that neither canon, nikon or sony make chocolate teapots. they know how to make a great camera and this is one. it's biggest difference as you will have read ad nauseum , is the touch screen. is it worth it. it is if you like touch screens (i do). that's not flippant, it's how it is.so the photos will be great and its a great camera, you've read other reviews so i won't duplicate what you have already read but one thing you may not have read is about the video. all the makers have got dslr right. no pups in sight, but video is a relatively new feature and sony have tbh been leading the way. this camera sets to rectify that by having autofocus. a lot of places on the net, say it's not needed, you should be using manual focus. nonsense. manual focus is ok at times but can be a pain. filming your dog on the beach for example..the autofocus on the t4i is actually pretty good. not as good as a camcorder but pretty good. the slowest part is for it to get going. but when it's locked on its sound. well worth having. so thats sorted right..err no, not really. this is the 650d 's killer feature. trouble is, they left out the killer feature on the 600d. the 3x zoom with "no loss in quality". so here is the choice if you are buying this for video.if you want you're 300mm zoom to be able to zoom to 900mm for filming sport or wildlife. it's the t3i for you.if you love the idea of autofocus (or hate the idea of doing it the old fashioned way) its the t4i for you.in my opinion if you're considering the other makes like sony, it comes down to who makes the the lens you are likely to want. i know i have focused (blabbed on) about video but hey, there has been thousands of photo reviews already about iso , shutter speed etc etc. nothing for me to add there!so if you are considering using it for video here are a few "must have" things you will need to go with it.velbon dv7000 3-section ultra heavy duty tripod with geared center column, 2-way fluid head and qb-6rl quick shoe, max height 64-inch, supports 9.9 lbs58mm hmc ultraviolet uv(c) haze multicoated filter doesn't have to be this particular one but hey..oh and the one that should have gone top of my listmake better videos with your dslr or camcorder (gives details of the counter intuitive settings that actually work best :) )so now i have spent ten minutes typing away, telling you how i like the t4i for video (i do) do me a little favour and click that you find this helpful. unless you don't. either way you will enjoy this camera but do consider the little brother the t3i also. we live in good times to take photos as there are so many great cameras and this is definitely one of them. one more thing i forgot to mention (and yes it is regarding the video) is that to get great video you need to use the right settings in the menu. unfortunately these are counter intuitive and if you don't use them you may be under whelmed. if anyone wants them, comment and i will try to post a link help other customers find the most helpful reviews was this review helpful to you? yes no report abuse | permalinkcomment comments (9) 41 of 44 people found the following review helpful 4.0 out of 5 stars great camera, esp. with 18-135 stm lens, july 13, 2012 by drinksomebcbs - see all my reviews amazon verified purchase(what's this?) this review is from: canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital camera with 18-135mm ef-s is stm lens (electronics) i purchased the camera through amazon and the lens through canon, so i do have both.i've been doing a lot of research into cameras the past couple months in order to choose one that fits our needs. i was glad i waited until the t4i was released before i made a decision. i'll admit i have limited use of this camera and lens so far (only had it three days and it's a present to my wife). it's our first dslr and our only experience taking pictures is with point-and-shoots and our phones. during my research, i considered the t3i, t4i, 60d, 7d (refurbished), and their complementary nikon counterparts.why did i get the t4i?- i'm a bit of a gadget junkie while my wife is not. the t4i allows her to pick up the camera and take better quality pictures, while affording me the ability to learn more about photography and move to manual settings. while i learn, i too can use the camera in auto mode and use the screen tips to assist me.- the touch screen was a big factor. while my wife isn't a techie or first adopter, she is used to using her iphone, ipod touch, and ipad to navigate and manipulate. the touch screen on the camera is something that will feel familiar to her and reduce the learning curve. i myself have no fear of buttons and menus, but i even see myself using the touch screen more because it felt more convenient.- we needed an all-in-one camera for still photos and videos. we are expecting our first child, which is what prompted us to upgrade to a better camera. i could have purchased a higher-end camera for stills and supplemented it with a camcorder, but i know we don't want to lug around more equipment. having two pieces of equipment also means we will probably be looking for the right one while we lose the shot. the video capabilities of the t4i seem to be adequate enough to handle our video needs, while having a camera that is excellent for still photos.- the stm lenses should help the convenience factor of shooting video with a dslr. i was excited about the new stm lenses, because i have seen many examples of how loud a lens is on video. i also appreciate the autofocus abilities because i feel this will be more useful to my wife and myself. i know my wife will just want to be able to pick up the camera and start shooting. i will also be able to try my hand at manually focusing during video when i feel i am knowledgeable/skillful enough to do so, yet still have a decent enough autofocus available.- the price premium over the t3i wasn't a big factor (though i wish the kit with the 18-135 lens had come out before i had to buy; i didn't like having to pay a premium just for the lens, but this was a birthday present and i wanted the whole package ready to go). i think spending a little more to get the camera that is better suited for multiple users was just fine and the price point is in line with other rebels at their release.- i really wanted the 18-135mm lens. when testing out the 18-55mm lens, i knew we would need something with more reach. the last thing we are going to want to do is carry around multiple lenses along with all our baby gear (though i am going to put the 40mm pancake on my wish list). image quality appears excellent and will definitely serve our purposes.why didn't i give it 5 stars?- size/feel: i have big hands and it feels small to me (my wife has small hands so it will probably be just right for her). the plastic case feels cheap, almost like a toy. finally, menu buttons don't have good tactile feedback. for something that spends so much time in your hands, how it feels is a big factor to me. the reasons why i did buy the camera trump this, though. help other customers find the most helpful reviews was this review helpful to you? yes no report abuse | permalinkcomment comments (6) 35 of 38 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars outstanding pictures and video!, june 27, 2012 by random rebel - see all my reviews amazon verified purchase(what's this?) this review is from: canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital slr with 18-55mm ef-s is ii lens (electronics) i returned my t3i to best buy and got the t4i straight from here with the 18-55mm lens kit. i have to say that so far, i'm greatly impressed by the improvements over its predecessor. the touch screen alone is worth the extra pay making it easy to view photos and change settings without the worry of buttons. the feature guide was far from intuitive and caused a lot of clutter when in live-view mode. however, this is easily disabled. the manual is very comprehensive and offers many tips for amateurs and even for more intermediate photographers like me. the video autofocus isn't as snappy as advertised. but this is also because of the lens. the 18-55mm lens isn't as quick to autofocus in video as the canon 50mm f2.8 or even the canon 40mm f1.8. i greatly recommend either of these lenses to accompany the camera body. if you aren't willing to pay an extra 100$ for a 50mm lens though, or 200$ for a 40mm, then the 18-55mm lens will suffice. things to know: if you buy an additional lens separately, know that the 50mm f2.8 lens that canon makes has a very loud autofocus noise whereas the 40mm pancake lens offers very quiet focussing and is much much snappier. if you want to record with the stereo microphone built-in, i would recommend using manual focus. if you videographers out there want to capture video with autofocus on and have clear audio, then an external audio recorder would be a great solution.so, aside from this review (which sounds more like a guide) i'll give a quick run-down of what i think of the camera overall:* - poor** - very lacking*** - average/indifferent**** - good***** - perfectlook/feel: **** - the camera does feel a bit cheap and doesn't have a solid feel to it. however, this is because of the poly-carbonite exterior which makes the camera very light. the buttons also feel even cheeper that the t3i which doesn't rustle my feathers much. the camera is also very small but can accommodate a battery grip easily.battery ** - it needs to be said, the battery life for the common eos rebel is very lacking since 440 shots may not be enough for people like me. movie recording also drains the battery quite rapidly. since i have a battery grip and two extra batteries, this won't affect my overall review.performance ***** - i don't feel comfortable giving any category a perfect rating but canon deserves a pat on the back for making such a friendly camera with an outstanding hybrid sensor, interface, and capabilities. no complaints here.capabilities/range ***** - again a perfect rating, i know. trying to be fair but i honestly can't think of an accurate reason why this wouldn't deserve 5 stars. the most important differences between the t2i, t3i, and the t4i is that the t4i includes: 9 cross-type autofocus points (which help to capture a clearer image), a hybrid sensor which also accounts for continuous video autofocus, an extended iso range, a fabulous touch screen which also swivels, there are also two additional shooting modes which are night-time shooting and hdr, lastly is the built-in stereo microphone which you may learn to love or not use depending on the lens.overall *****since i don't have a pet-peeve about the texture and battery life, i can say with confidence that anyone can take great pictures and video with this camera. it is easy to use, fun to use, and has a huge array of settings to suit more advanced shooters. the price is reasonable too. in conclusion, i love this camera. help other customers find the most helpful reviews was this review helpful to you? yes no report abuse | permalinkcomment comments (7) 24 of 25 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars excellent., july 27, 2012 by griff "masster genyus" (utah, usa) - see all my reviews amazon verified purchase(what's this?) this review is from: canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital camera with 3-inch touchscreen and full hd movie mode (body only) (electronics) i have been using a rebel xti for the last 5 years and i loved it. i've been ready to upgrade for a while and thought to get the t3i, but decided to hold out for this update. i was getting a little frustrated by the limitations of my outdated model, specifically the high noise and low iso range. the new digic 5 chip in the t4i is incredible. i am blown away at how better and more accurate this camera is at focusing, metering, and the insanely improved noise reduction. i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking to upgrade, but not ready to make the $2k+ plunge into the 5d realm.i've been using this for a few weeks and here's my take so far:-much welcomed high iso range with very good noise control.-the battery life is much improved. i'm kind of shocked, actually. i've taken 2000+ pictures, a few with flash, and several (usually battery-killing) long (10-300 sec) exposures, still on all three bars.-the night scene modes and noise reduction modes are great.-the hdr mode is cool but i've notice the camera isn't as good as software (such as photomatix) at blending the pictuers, specifically when it comes to ghosting and mainting edge-contrast integrity. this mode is also limited on customizeability of the toning/fusion process as compared to hdr software.-the touch screen and swivel movement are incredible. you can take shots that were otherwise impossible to get, such as the camera being above your head or low to the ground. focusing on any point with touch is also great.-the video quality is superb, but i'm not really in the video shooting business. it's just fun to have.-i only bought the body, and would recommend this to anyone who can afford to not have the kit lense, despite it's conveneint wide focal range. there are much, much better lenses out there. even the $100 fixed 50mm is night and day to the kit lens.overall, i'm smitten with this camera. canon knocked it out of the park. i wish i could've been patient for the price to drop a little, but i'm very glad i have it right now. help other customers find the most helpful reviews was this review helpful to you? yes no report abuse | permalinkcomment comments (4) 130 of 157 people found the following review helpful 3.0 out of 5 stars low light performance? i'll just keep my t3i, july 3, 2012 by art p (houston, tx) - see all my reviews amazon verified purchase(what's this?) this review is from: canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital camera with 3-inch touchscreen and full hd movie mode (body only) (electronics) i wanted to love the t4i and bought one as soon as it was made available. most of the new features of the t4i are for "point-n-shooters" who want the camera to do all the thinking for them (there's nothing wrong with that); however, i shoot manual most of the time so these features are not a selling point for me.the touch screen was nice and so was the swipe & pinch-to-zoom feature for reviewing your photos, the "tilty swively" feature is also a great carryover from the t3i. i agree with another reviewer that mentioned the shutter sound has a more "professional" feel to it. i really liked the 5fps, it is a significant step up from 3.7fps; however, the buffer size was not increased accordingly so the camera can take 5-6 raw images before the cache is full and needs to clear out. once the cache is full it takes about 5-7 seconds to clear; this was using a 32gb sandisk class 10 (35mb/s) sd card. sports shooters might want to think about this one.i usually only use the center focus point and recompose my shot, so i don't really need all the hybrid focus points, though you will definitely appreciate them if you shoot anything in motion and/or you leave it to the camera to determine the focus point.so why did i return the t4i and decide to stick with my t3i? it all has to do with the improvements (of lack thereof) that actually matter at the end of the day (for me). the biggest let down was that the t4i does not perform any better in low light than the t3i. yes, it has a new digic5 and higher iso capability, but in reality the t4i and t3i are equally noisy at each iso level over 400, and at 12800 the t4i's images are so noisy that i didn't know if i should laugh or cry...it is a huge let down :-(i was really hoping that this one area would be improved upon by the new digic5 (heck i would trade in all the other new features for this one alone), but i guess it was too much to hope for. if you shoot weddings, events, indoor sports, or anything where the lighting is not optimal, you can save yourself a few dollars and go with a t3i, they are aesthetically identical and feel the same in your hand. i was trying to avoid forking out the money for a full frame body, but i guess i'm going to have to...gulp! help other customers find the most helpful reviews was this review helpful to you? yes no report abuse | permalinkcomment comments (58) 18 of 19 people found the following review helpful 5.0 out of 5 stars almost a perfect entry level dslr kit, september 27, 2012 by david chan - see all my reviews amazon verified purchase(what's this?) this review is from: canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital camera with 18-135mm ef-s is stm lens (electronics) i bought the t4i with the new stm version of the 18-135mm lens as a "more portable" camera when i am out and about. i normally shoot with a canon 5d with my trusty 24-105 l lens when i am around the house. between the 5d and the t4i are six years and boy has this little rebel evolved into an amazing tool.i picked the t4i over the t3i due to the amazing and useful touchscreen, stm lens for silent focusing and is to shoot video with , and for the new upgraded autofocus. coming from the very original 5d, i have been very frustrated with focus accuracy. many times, the focus target would either be front or back focused depending on the lens. and it was not user error. canon was well aware of the issues. i can definitely say that the new stm kit lens locks on to focus quicker than you can blink and does so in utter silence. it's almost eerie how little your hear at all. i rely on the focus beep to know when i have achieved focus. the lens itself is reasonable sharp for the given wide focal length.i will repeat like many here how useful and smart the touchscreen is when you are reviewing a pic and want to see if the critical parts of your subject are truly in focus. for those who come from smart phones with touchscreens, it's pretty intuitive as to what gesture you need to zoom in and out and to drag the pic around the screen. however, i will concur that the focus by touch feature is pretty useless and slow. i am old school so i always use my optical viewfinder so it's a non issue. af speed is significantly faster using the viewfinder vs. the touchscreen.also worth mentioning is that the t4i comes with an external mic input if you want to use your own mic with video. too bad there is no earphone jacks to monitor audio levels with.in conclusion, i think the t4i is simply terrific. canon has finally fixed many of the flaws related to af and lens noise with video shooting. pictures at high iso has about the same level of noise as the t3i, which is good. so for those of you sitting on the fence about a cropped sensor dslr form canon, you have your solution right here. if you have a t3i, then i would advise against upgrading unless you want to shoot videos with the built in stereo mics. help other customers find the most helpful reviews was this review helpful to you? yes no report abuse | permalinkcomment comments (2) ‹ previous | 1 2 … 17| next › most helpful first | newest first start your free trial and join millions of amazon prime members who enjoy: prime instant videos watch over 25,000 movies and tv episodes free two-day shipping get fast, free shipping on over 15 million items kindle owners' lending library borrow from over 180,000 titles for free > get started watch. read. shop. relax. millions of amazon prime members enjoy instant videos, free kindle books and unlimited free two-day shipping. > get started unlimited instant videos prime instant videosunlimited streaming of thousands ofmovies and tv shows with amazon prime learn more about amazon prime amazon instant video storerent or buy hit movies and tv showsto stream or download your video libraryyour movies and tv showsstored in the cloud watch anywherewatch instantly on your kindle fire,tv, blu-ray player, or set-top box mp3s & cloud player mp3 music storeshop over 20 million songs music on kindle firediscover how to play your music cloud player for webplay from any browser cloud player for androidfor android phones and tablets cloud player for iosfor iphone and ipod touch amazon cloud drive your cloud drive5 gb of free storage get the desktop appfor windows and mac cloud drive photos for androidfor android phones and tablets learn more about cloud drive kindle e-readers kindlesmall, light, perfect for reading kindle paperwhiteworld's most advanced e-reader kindle paperwhite 3gwith free 3g wireless kindle e-reader accessoriescovers, chargers, sleeves and more kindle store kindle books newsstand kindle owners' lending librarywith prime, kindle owners read for free kindle fire fireall new--faster, twice the memory fire hd7", dolby audio, fastest wi-fi fire hd 8.9"8.9", dolby audio, fastest wi-fi fire hd 8.9" 4gwith ultra-fast 4g lte wireless kindle fire accessoriescases, chargers, sleeves and more kindle apps & resources kindle cloud readerread your kindle books in a browser free kindle reading appsfor pc, ipad, iphone, android, and more manage your kindle appstore for android apps games test drive appstry thousands of apps and games right now amazon appskindle, mobile shopping, mp3, and more your apps and devicesview your apps and manage your devices digital games & software game downloadsfor pc and mac free-to-play gamesfor pc and mac software downloadsfor pc and mac your games & software library audible audiobooks audible membershipget to know audible audible audiobooks & more bestsellers new & notable listener favorites whispersync for voiceswitch between reading and listening books books kindle books children's books textbooks audiobooks magazines movies, music & games movies & tv blu-ray amazon instant video music mp3 downloads musical instruments entertainment collectibles video games game downloads electronics tv & video home audio & theater camera, photo & video cell phones & accessories video games mp3 players & accessories car electronics & gps appliances musical instruments electronics accessories computers laptops, tablets & netbooks desktops & servers computer accessories & peripheralsexternal drives, mice, networking & more computer parts & components software pc games printers & ink office & school supplies home, garden & pets kitchen & dining furniture & d�cor bedding & bath appliances patio, lawn & garden arts, crafts & sewing pet supplies tools, home improvement home improvement power & hand tools lamps & light fixtures kitchen & bath fixtures hardware building supplies grocery, health & beauty grocery & gourmet food wine natural & organic health & personal care beauty toys, kids & baby toys & games baby clothing (kids & baby) video games for kids amazon mom20% off diapers, free shipping and more baby registry clothing, shoes & jewelry clothing shoes handbags accessories luggage jewelry watches sports & outdoors exercise & fitness outdoor recreation hunting & fishing cycling athletic & outdoor clothing boating & water sports team sports fan shop sports collectibles golf all sports & outdoors automotive automotive parts & accessories automotive tools & equipment car electronics & gps tires & wheels motorcycle & atv industrial & scientific industrial supplies lab & scientific janitorial safety unlimited instant videos mp3s & cloud player20 million songs, play anywhere amazon cloud drive5 gb of free storage kindle appstore for androidget a premium app for free today digital games & software audible audiobooks books movies, music & games electronics & computers home, garden & tools grocery, health & beauty toys, kids & baby clothing, shoes & jewelry sports & outdoors automotive & industrial ›full store directory sign in new customer? start here. your account your orders your wish list your recommendations your subscribe & save items manage your kindle your cloud playerplay from any browser your cloud drive5 gb of free storage prime instant videosunlimited streaming of thousandsof movies and tv shows your video library your games & software library your android apps & devices your shopping cart is empty. give it purpose—fill it with books, dvds, clothes, electronics, and more. if you already have an account, sign in. there's a problem previewing your cart right now. check your internet connection and go to your cart, or try again. view cart (0 items) (0 item) (0 items) create a wish list find a wish list or registry wish from any websiteadd items to your list from anywhere wedding registry baby registry kids' birthdays friends & family gifting this product canon eos rebel t4i 18.0 mp cmos digital slr with 18-55mm ef-s is ii lens by canon click for pricing info get to know us careers investor relations press releases amazon and our planet amazon in the community make money with us sell on amazon become an affiliate advertise your products independently publish with us › see all let us help you your account shipping rates & policies amazon prime returns are easy manage your kindle help canada china france germany italy japan spain united kingdom abebooks rare books & textbooks amazonlocal great local deals in your city amazonsupply business, industrial & scientific supplies amazonwebservices scalable cloud services amazonwireless cellphones & wireless plans askville community answers audible download audio books beautybar.com prestige beauty delivered book depository books with free delivery worldwide createspace indie publishing made easy diapers.com everything but the baby dpreview digital photography fabric sewing, quilting & knitting imdb movies, tv & celebrities junglee.com shop online in india myhabit private fashion designer sales shopbop designer fashion brands soap.com health, beauty & home essentials wag.com everything for your pet warehouse deals open-box discounts woot never gonna give you up yoyo.com a happy place to shop for toys zappos shoes & clothing vine.com everything to live life green casa.com kitchen, storage & everything home conditions of use privacy notice interest-based ads � 1996-2013, amazon.com, inc. or its affiliates