来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231232006/https://www.amazon.com/b/ref=nav_shopall_1_ods_ha_echo_cp?_encoding=UTF8&node=9818047011&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=&pf_rd_r=YVYR2Q4VZDHCHXFANQYZ&pf_rd_t=36701&pf_rd_p=ef89fae3-7ce5-4f4f-9ef3-59d553a1451a&pf_rd_i=desktop
================================================================================

amazon.com: echo smart speakers & displays: amazon devices & accessories: smart speakers, smart displays & more skip to main content keyboard shortcuts search opt + / cart shift + opt + c home shift + opt + h orders shift + opt + o show/hide shortcuts shift + opt + z to move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows. .us delivering to sanjose 95101 update location amazon devices select the department you want to search in amazon devices all departments alexa skills amazon autos amazon fresh amazon global store amazon haul amazon one medical amazon pharmacy amazon resale appliances apps & games arts, crafts & sewing audible books & originals automotive parts & accessories baby beauty & personal care books cds & vinyl cell phones & accessories clothing, shoes & jewelry women's clothing, shoes & jewelry men's clothing, shoes & jewelry girl's clothing, shoes & jewelry boy's clothing, shoes & jewelry baby clothing, shoes & jewelry collectibles & fine art computers credit and payment cards digital music electronics foodmaxx garden & outdoor gift cards grocery & gourmet food handmade health, household & baby care home & business services home & kitchen industrial & scientific just for prime kindle store luggage & travel gear luxury stores magazine subscriptions movies & tv musical instruments office products pet supplies premium beauty prime video smart home software sports & outdoors subscribe & save subscription boxes tools & home improvement toys & games under $10 video games whole foods market search amazon en hello, sign in account & lists returns & orders 0 cart all amazon haul medical care saks best sellers amazon basics new releases registry groceries today's deals music gift cards smart home prime customer service books pharmacy luxury stores amazon home fashion toys & games gift shop sell beauty & personal care automotive home improvement computers sports & outdoors amazon devices echo & alexa fire tablets amazon fire tv kindle home security accessories certified refurbished help forum kindle support manage your content and devices shop echo & alexa alexa+ skills & features privacy accessibility help & resources subscriptions pre-owned devices trade-in amazon devices meet the new alexa the new alexa is our next-generation ai assistant that gets things done – alexa+ solves daily problems, keeps you entertained, helps you learn, keeps you organized, summarizes complex topics, and can converse about virtually anything. customers who own or purchase an echo show 8, 10, 15, or 21 are eligible for free early access. once you get access, it will be available on all echo devices, with the exception of certain older generation echo devices.1 learn more about alexa+ echo & alexa devices all devices new launches smart displays smart speakers alexa on the go kids devices item added to cart successfully placeholder previous page quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo show 21 (newest model), full hd 21" kitchen hub for home organization, with built-in fire tv and alexa 4.5 out of 5 stars 1,825 $399.99$39999 & free shipping. details our largest smart display yet - a stunning 21" full-hd (1080p) smart display with built-in fire tv and alexa that's perfect for your kitchen and built to show you more. use customizable widgets to keep your day on track, experience your favorite content with powerful vibrant sound and immersive hd streaming, and stay connected with crisp, clear video calling, with 3.3x zoom and wide field of view. go big on personalization - the large 21" display is perfect for turning your home screen into your family's organization hub. so you can keep your top widgets, like calendars, shopping lists, weather, and more in view. all your favorites, all right here - built-in fire tv unlocks endless entertainment, so you can enjoy your favorite content from thousands of apps like prime video, netflix, youtube, apple tv, and more (subscription may be required). fire tv remote included. plus, now you can quickly add a device to play music with active media - start playing a song in the kitchen, then add the living room and bedroom on the fly. smart home central - control smart devices with your voice or a few taps using the smart home dashboard. easily turn on all your living room lights at once or check live camera feeds to see what's happening around your home. frame your favorite memories - brighten your space (and your day) by turning your home screen into a stylish digital photo frame that displays your favorite memories. auto curate your images and show off your favorite family memories. connect like never before - video calling with family and friends will feel even more natural with a centered, auto-framing camera, wide field of vision, 3.3x zoom, and noise reduction technology. designed to protect your privacy - built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic/camera-off button. use the built-in shutter to cover the camera. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo show 21 (newest model), full hd 21" kitchen hub for home organization, with built-in fire tv and alexa 4.5 out of 5 stars 1,825 $399.99$39999 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo show 15 (newest model), full hd 15.6" kitchen hub for home organization, with built-in fire tv and alexa 4.5 out of 5 stars 1,825 $299.99$29999 & free shipping. details meet the all-new echo show 15 - a stunning 15.6" full-hd (1080p) smart display that's perfect for your kitchen and ready to show you more. use customizable widgets to keep your day on track, watch your favorite shows with fire tv and powerful vibrant sound, and enjoy natural video calling, with 3.3x zoom and wide field of view. family organization hub - see your top widgets at a glance, like your family’s calendars and to-do lists, local weather, smart home, and more. all your favorites, all right here - built-in fire tv unlocks endless entertainment, so you can enjoy your favorite content from thousands of apps like prime video, netflix, youtube, apple tv, and more (subscription may be required). fire tv remote included. plus, now you can quickly add a device to play music with active media - start playing a song in the kitchen, then add the living room and bedroom on the fly. smart home central - control smart devices with your voice or a few taps using the smart home dashboard. easily turn on all your living room lights at once or check live camera feeds to see what's happening around your home. frame your favorite memories - brighten your space (and your day) by turning your home screen into a stylish digital photo frame that displays your favorite memories. auto curate your images and show off your favorite family memories. connect like never before - video calling with family and friends will feel even more natural with a centered, auto-framing camera, wide field of vision, 3.3x zoom, and noise reduction technology. designed to protect your privacy - built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic/camera-off button. use the built-in shutter to cover the camera. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo show 15 (newest model), full hd 15.6" kitchen hub for home organization, with built-in fire tv and alexa 4.5 out of 5 stars 1,825 $299.99$29999 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo pop (newest model), our smallest alexa speaker, fits in any room, charcoal 4.7 out of 5 stars 87,263 $24.99$2499 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime echo pop – this compact smart speaker with alexa features full sound that's great for bedrooms and small spaces. small enough to blend in and mighty enough to stand out. control music with your voice – ask alexa to play music, audiobooks, and podcasts from your favorite providers like amazon music, apple music, spotify, pandora, sirius xm and more. connect via bluetooth to stream throughout your space. make any space a smart space – easily control compatible smart home devices like smart plugs or smart lights with your voice or the alexa app. life just got easier – have alexa set timers, check the weather, read the news, re-order paper towels, make calls, answer questions, and more. alexa has skills – with tens of thousands of skills and counting, alexa can help you do more or do less - like playing relaxing sounds and testing your music knowledge. about the light bar – alexa doesn’t begin listening until your device hears you say “alexa” and the light bar turns blue. designed to protect your privacy – amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic off button. designed for sustainability – this device’s fabric is made from 100% post-consumer recycled yarn and aluminum is made from 80% recycled aluminum. the device packaging is 100% recyclable. premium alexa features – use this device with subscriptions like amazon music, audible, alexa emergency assist, amazon kids+, and hey disney!. subscription purchase required. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo pop (newest model), our smallest alexa speaker, fits in any room, charcoal 4.7 out of 5 stars 87,263 38% off limited time deal $24.99$2499 $39.99 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo dot (newest model), vibrant sounding alexa speaker, great for bedrooms, dining rooms and offices, charcoal 4.6 out of 5 stars 159,136 $34.99$3499 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime our best sounding echo dot yet – enjoy an improved audio experience compared to any previous echo dot with alexa for clearer vocals, deeper bass and vibrant sound in any room. your favorite music and content – play music, audiobooks, and podcasts from amazon music, apple music, spotify and others or via bluetooth throughout your home. alexa is happy to help – ask alexa for weather updates and to set hands-free timers, get answers to your questions and even hear jokes. need a few extra minutes in the morning? just tap your echo dot to snooze your alarm. keep your home comfortable – control compatible smart home devices with your voice and routines triggered by built-in motion or indoor temperature sensors. create routines to automatically turn on lights when you walk into a room, or start a fan if the inside temperature goes above your comfort zone. designed to protect your privacy – amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic off button. do more with device pairing– fill your home with music using compatible echo devices in different rooms, create a home theatre system with fire tv, or extend wifi coverage with a compatible eero network so you can say goodbye to drop-offs and buffering. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo dot (newest model), vibrant sounding alexa speaker, great for bedrooms, dining rooms and offices, charcoal 4.6 out of 5 stars 159,136 30% off limited time deal $34.99$3499 $49.99 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo spot (newest model), great for nightstands, offices and kitchens, smart alarm clock with alexa, black 4.6 out of 5 stars 25,068 $64.99$6499 & free shipping. details meet echo spot - a sleek smart alarm clock with alexa and big vibrant sound. ready to help you wake up, wind down, and so much more. customizable smart clock - see time, weather, and song titles at a glance, control smart home devices, and more. personalize your display with your favorite clock face and fun colors. big vibrant sound - enjoy rich sound with clear vocals and deep bass. just ask alexa to play music, podcasts, and audiobooks. see song titles and touch to control your music. ease into the day - set up an alexa routine that gently wakes you with music and gradual light. glance at the time, check reminders, or ask alexa for weather updates. keep your home comfortable - control compatible smart home devices. just ask alexa to turn on lights or touch the screen to dim. create routines that use motion detection to turn down the thermostat as you head out or open the blinds when you walk into a room. designed to protect your privacy - amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls including a mic off button and in-app controls designed for sustainability - this device is made from 36% recycled materials. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo spot (newest model), great for nightstands, offices and kitchens, smart alarm clock with alexa, black 4.6 out of 5 stars 25,068 19% off limited time deal $64.99$6499 $79.99 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo show 8 (newest model), with spatial audio, smart home hub, and alexa, charcoal 4.5 out of 5 stars 21,848 $149.99$14999 & free shipping. details better inside and out – entertainment is more immersive with spatial audio and an 8" hd touchscreen. video calling is crisper with high-quality sound and a 13 mp camera. and your home is more connected than ever with the built-in smart home hub. vibrant sights, full sound – content on prime video, netflix, fire tv channels, and more comes to life with an hd display and room-filling spatial audio. ask alexa to stream amazon music, apple music, or spotify. subscriptions for some services required. smart home, simplified – pair and control devices compatible with zigbee, matter, and thread without a separate smart home hub. manage cameras, lights, and more using the display or your voice, or activate routines via motion. also supports connectivity via bluetooth and wifi. stay in the loop – video call hands-free using your voice, or use the new top connections widget to call with one tap. have more natural video conversations with a centered, auto-framing camera and noise reduction technology. show off your good times – amazon photos turns your home screen into a digital frame of favorite memories, and adaptive color makes them look great in any light. invite family and friends to share photos to your echo show. see what's relevant – adaptive content lets you glance at your calendar or reminders from afar, or see more detailed content when you’re nearby. shortcut icons on the home screen make it easy to access your most-used widgets with a tap. designed for sustainability – this device is made from 29% recycled materials. 99% of this device packaging is made of wood fiber-based materials from responsibly managed forests or recycled sources. designed to protect your privacy - amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls including the ability to mute the mics with the alexa app. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo show 8 (newest model), with spatial audio, smart home hub, and alexa, charcoal 4.5 out of 5 stars 21,848 $149.99$14999 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder echo dot (newest model) | officially licensed nba limited-edition 4.3 out of 5 stars 18 $69.99$6999 & free shipping. details officially licensed nba limited-edition echo dot – a new design for our best sounding echo dot yet – enjoy an improved audio experience compared to any previous echo dot with alexa for clearer vocals, deeper bass and vibrant sound in any room. your favorite music and content – play music, audiobooks, and podcasts from amazon music, apple music, spotify and others or via bluetooth throughout your home. alexa is happy to help – ask alexa for weather updates and to set hands-free timers, get answers to your questions and even hear jokes. need a few extra minutes in the morning? just tap your echo dot to snooze your alarm. keep your home comfortable – control compatible smart home devices with your voice and routines triggered by built-in motion or indoor temperature sensors. create routines to automatically turn on lights when you walk into a room, or start a fan if the inside temperature goes above your comfort zone. designed to protect your privacy – amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic off button. do more with device pairing – fill your home with music using compatible echo devices in different rooms, create a home theatre system with fire tv, or extend wifi coverage with a compatible eero network so you can say goodbye to drop-offs and buffering. see more see all details add to cart echo dot (newest model) | officially licensed nba limited-edition 4.3 out of 5 stars 18 $69.99$6999 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder echo dot (newest model) | officially licensed wnba limited-edition 4.3 out of 5 stars 18 $69.99$6999 & free shipping. details officially licensed wnba limited-edition echo dot – a new design for our best sounding echo dot yet – enjoy an improved audio experience compared to any previous echo dot with alexa for clearer vocals, deeper bass and vibrant sound in any room. your favorite music and content – play music, audiobooks, and podcasts from amazon music, apple music, spotify and others or via bluetooth throughout your home. alexa is happy to help – ask alexa for weather updates and to set hands-free timers, get answers to your questions and even hear jokes. need a few extra minutes in the morning? just tap your echo dot to snooze your alarm. keep your home comfortable – control compatible smart home devices with your voice and routines triggered by built-in motion or indoor temperature sensors. create routines to automatically turn on lights when you walk into a room, or start a fan if the inside temperature goes above your comfort zone. designed to protect your privacy – amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic off button. do more with device pairing – fill your home with music using compatible echo devices in different rooms, create a home theatre system with fire tv, or extend wifi coverage with a compatible eero network so you can say goodbye to drop-offs and buffering. see more see all details add to cart echo dot (newest model) | officially licensed wnba limited-edition 4.3 out of 5 stars 18 $69.99$6999 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo show 5 (newest model), smart display with 2x the bass and clearer sound, charcoal 4.4 out of 5 stars 48,220 $64.99$6499 & free shipping. details alexa can show you more - echo show 5 includes a 5.5” display so you can see news and weather at a glance, make video calls, view compatible cameras, stream music and shows, and more. small size, bigger sound – stream your favorite music, shows, podcasts, and more from providers like amazon music, spotify, and prime video—now with deeper bass and clearer vocals. includes a 5.5" display so you can view shows, song titles, and more at a glance. keep your home comfortable – control compatible smart devices like lights and thermostats, even while you're away. see more with the built-in camera – check in on your family, pets, and more using the built-in camera. drop in on your home when you're out or view the front door from your echo show 5 with compatible video doorbells. see your photos on display – when not in use, set the background to a rotating slideshow of your favorite photos. invite family and friends to share photos to your echo show. prime members also get unlimited cloud photo storage. stay connected with video calling – use the 2 mp camera to call friends and family who have the alexa app or an echo device with a screen. make announcements to other compatible devices in your home. designed to protect your privacy— amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls including a mic/camera off button and built-in camera shutter, as well as support for viewing end-to-end encrypted ring video. designed for sustainability – this device’s fabric is made from 100% post-consumer recycled polyester yarn and aluminum is made from 100% recycled aluminum. the device packaging is 100% recyclable. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo show 5 (newest model), smart display with 2x the bass and clearer sound, charcoal 4.4 out of 5 stars 48,220 28% off limited time deal $64.99$6499 $89.99 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo (newest model), alexa speaker with premium sound, ideal for large bedrooms, living rooms and kitchens, twilight blue 4.6 out of 5 stars 150,857 $54.99$5499 & free shipping. details premium sound: rich, detailed sound that automatically adapts to any room. supports lossless hd audio available on select streaming services such as amazon music hd. voice control your music – stream songs from amazon music, apple music, spotify, siriusxm, and more. hd requires a compatible music streaming service. smart home hub – built-in hub to voice control compatible lights, locks, and sensors. easily set up compatible zigbee and matter devices or select ring smart lighting solar lights and bulbs. alexa is ready to help – set timers, reminders, and alarms. alexa answers questions like "alexa, what time is it?" start your routines with motion – turn on compatible lights, play your flash briefing, or turn on the coffee maker when you walk into the room. fill your home with sound – with multi-room music, play synchronized music across echo devices in different rooms. you can also pair your echo with compatible fire tv devices to feel scenes come to life with home theater audio, or extend wifi coverage with a compatible eero network so you can say goodbye to drop-offs and buffering. connect with others hands-free – call friends and family who have the alexa app or an echo device. instantly drop in on other rooms or announce to the whole house that dinner's ready. privacy controls– designed to protect your privacy – amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls including a mic off button. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo (newest model), alexa speaker with premium sound, ideal for large bedrooms, living rooms and kitchens, twilight blue 4.6 out of 5 stars 150,857 45% off limited time deal $54.99$5499 $99.99 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo pop kids (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 6 months of amazon kids+, disney princess 4.7 out of 5 stars 2,982 $25.99$2599 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime echo pop kids – smart speaker with alexa featuring disney princess and marvel's avengers designs, made for kids (not a toy). stream kid-friendly songs from amazon music, apple music, spotify, and others. includes silicone sleeve. includes 6 months of amazon kids+ – a digital subscription designed for kids aged 3-12 to safely learn, grow, and explore. kids can enjoy kid-friendly audible books, interactive games, fun morning routines, and educational alexa skills. after 6 months, your subscription will automatically renew every month starting at just $5.99/month plus applicable tax. you may cancel any time by visiting the amazon parent dashboard or contacting customer service. easy-to-use parental controls – alexa will automatically give kid-friendly responses and filter explicit songs. you can also set daily time limits and review activity in the amazon parent dashboard. for growing independence – kids can take charge of their daily activities by setting up timers and alarms, turning off compatible smart lights, calling parent-approved friends and family, asking alexa for homework help, listening to audible books or bedtime stories, and more. say hello to hey disney! – hey disney! is the all-new voice assistant for alexa that lets kids have fun with some of disney’s most beloved characters. get the weather with mickey, set a reading timer with dory or olaf, listen to their favorite disney stories, and more. *available with amazon kids+ subscription. designed to protect your privacy – amazon is not in the business of selling your family's personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic off button. 2-year worry-free guarantee – if it breaks, return it and we’ll replace it for free. designed for sustainability – this device’s fabric is made from 100% post-consumer recycled yarn and aluminum is made from 80% recycled aluminum. the device packaging is 100% recyclable. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo pop kids (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 6 months of amazon kids+, disney princess 4.7 out of 5 stars 2,982 48% off limited time deal $25.99$2599 $49.99 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo dot kids with alexa (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 1 year of amazon kids+, owl 4.7 out of 5 stars 15,578 $35.99$3599 & free shipping. details echo dot kids – our most popular and cutest smart speaker with alexa, made for kids (not a toy). the improved speaker delivers clearer vocals and rich, vibrant sound. where learning meets fun – kids can ask alexa to play music, read a bedtime story, get help with their homework, and more. stream songs from amazon music, apple music, spotify, and others. includes 1 year of amazon kids+ – a digital subscription designed for kids aged 3-12 to safely learn, grow, and explore. on echo dot, kids can enjoy kid-friendly audible books, interactive games, fun morning routines, and educational alexa skills. after 1 year, your subscription will automatically renew every month starting at just $5.99/month plus applicable tax. you may cancel any time by visiting the amazon parent dashboard or contacting customer service. easy-to-use parental controls – alexa will automatically give kid-friendly responses and filter explicit songs. you can also set daily time limits and review activity in the amazon parent dashboard. for growing independence - kids can help take charge of their routines with alexa by setting their own alarms or turning off compatible smart lights. use the hey disney! voice assistant to get the weather with mickey, set a reading timer with dory or olaf, and more. turn alexa's voice into an owl – kids can customize the way their alexa sounds with a pretend owl or dragon voice with the included 1 year of amazon kids+. 2-year worry-free guarantee – if it breaks, return it and we’ll replace it for free. designed to protect your privacy – amazon is not in the business of selling your family's personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic off button. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo dot kids with alexa (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 1 year of amazon kids+, owl 4.7 out of 5 stars 15,578 40% off limited time deal $35.99$3599 $59.99 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo show 5 kids (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 1 year of amazon kids+, galaxy 4.3 out of 5 stars 2,302 $65.99$6599 & free shipping. details learn and play with alexa – kids can ask alexa to help with homework, and make video calls to parent-approved contacts. bigger sound for big imaginations – kids can ask alexa to play music, read a bedtime story, get help with their homework, and more. stream songs from amazon music, apple music, spotify, and more. includes 1 year of amazon kids+ – a digital subscription designed for kids aged 3-12 to safely learn, grow, and explore. on echo show, kids can enjoy thousands of ad-free, kid-friendly songs, audible books, alexa skills, fun morning routines, and more. after 1 year, your subscription will automatically renew every month starting at just $5.99/month plus applicable tax. cancel any time by visiting the amazon parent dashboard or contacting customer service. say hello to hey disney! – hey disney! is the all-new voice assistant for alexa that lets kids have fun with some of disney’s most beloved characters. get the weather with mickey, set a reading timer with dory or olaf, listen to their favorite disney stories, and more. easy-to-use parental controls – alexa will automatically give kid-friendly responses and filter explicit lyrics. you can also set daily time limits and review activity in the amazon parent dashboard. where learning meets fun – kids can ask alexa for homework help, to show answers on the display, listen to an audible book, and more. for growing independence – kids can help take charge of their routines with alexa by setting their own alarms, turning off compatible smart lights, and calling parent-approved friends and family. designed to protect your privacy – amazon is not in the business of selling your family's personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic/camera off button and a built-in camera shutter. 2-year worry-free guarantee – if it breaks, return it and we’ll replace it for free. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo show 5 kids (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 1 year of amazon kids+, galaxy 4.3 out of 5 stars 2,302 34% off limited time deal $65.99$6599 $99.99 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo hub | 8” smart home control panel with alexa | compatible with thousands of devices 4.0 out of 5 stars 1,081 $179.99$17999 & free shipping. details echo hub — an easy-to-use alexa-enabled control panel for your smart home devices—just ask alexa or tap the display to control lights, smart plugs, camera feeds, and more. streamline your smart home — customize the controls and widgets, displayed on your dashboard to quickly adjust devices, view cameras, start routines, and more. works with thousands of alexa compatible devices — compatible with thousands of connected locks, thermostats, speakers, and more. wifi, bluetooth, zigbee, matter, sidewalk and thread devices sync seamlessly with the built-in smart home hub. home security at your fingertips — use the echo hub to arm and disarm your compatible security system. use the alexa app and compatible cameras, locks, alarms, and sensors to check in while you're out. easy to install — echo hub can be wall mounted anywhere you have an outlet. use in-wall cable pass throughs or a power-over-ethernet adapter (both sold separately) to hide cables. also compatible with table-top stand (sold separately). play your music everywhere — connect your preferred speaker to echo hub to play music, audiobooks, and podcasts in any room. designed to protect your privacy — amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic off button. designed for sustainability – this device is made from 27% recycled materials. 97% of this device packaging is made of wood fiber-based materials from responsibly managed forests or recycled sources. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo hub | 8” smart home control panel with alexa | compatible with thousands of devices 4.0 out of 5 stars 1,081 $179.99$17999 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo pop kids (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 6 months of amazon kids+, marvel's avengers 4.7 out of 5 stars 2,982 $25.99$2599 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime echo pop kids – smart speaker with alexa featuring disney princess and marvel's avengers designs, made for kids (not a toy). stream kid-friendly songs from amazon music, apple music, spotify, and others. includes silicone sleeve. includes 6 months of amazon kids+ – a digital subscription designed for kids aged 3-12 to safely learn, grow, and explore. kids can enjoy kid-friendly audible books, interactive games, fun morning routines, and educational alexa skills. after 6 months, your subscription will automatically renew every month starting at just $5.99/month plus applicable tax. you may cancel any time by visiting the amazon parent dashboard or contacting customer service. easy-to-use parental controls – alexa will automatically give kid-friendly responses and filter explicit songs. you can also set daily time limits and review activity in the amazon parent dashboard. for growing independence – kids can take charge of their daily activities by setting up timers and alarms, turning off compatible smart lights, calling parent-approved friends and family, asking alexa for homework help, listening to audible books or bedtime stories, and more. say hello to hey disney! – hey disney! is the all-new voice assistant for alexa that lets kids have fun with some of disney’s most beloved characters. get the weather with mickey, set a reading timer with dory or olaf, listen to their favorite disney stories, and more. *available with amazon kids+ subscription. designed to protect your privacy – amazon is not in the business of selling your family's personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic off button. 2-year worry-free guarantee – if it breaks, return it and we’ll replace it for free. designed for sustainability – this device’s fabric is made from 100% post-consumer recycled yarn and aluminum is made from 80% recycled aluminum. the device packaging is 100% recyclable. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo pop kids (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 6 months of amazon kids+, marvel's avengers 4.7 out of 5 stars 2,982 48% off limited time deal $25.99$2599 $49.99 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo dot kids with alexa (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 1 year of amazon kids+, dragon 4.7 out of 5 stars 15,578 $35.99$3599 & free shipping. details echo dot kids – our most popular and cutest smart speaker with alexa, made for kids (not a toy). the improved speaker delivers clearer vocals and rich, vibrant sound. where learning meets fun – kids can ask alexa to play music, read a bedtime story, get help with their homework, and more. stream songs from amazon music, apple music, spotify, and others. includes 1 year of amazon kids+ – a digital subscription designed for kids aged 3-12 to safely learn, grow, and explore. on echo dot, kids can enjoy kid-friendly audible books, interactive games, fun morning routines, and educational alexa skills. after 1 year, your subscription will automatically renew every month starting at just $5.99/month plus applicable tax. you may cancel any time by visiting the amazon parent dashboard or contacting customer service. easy-to-use parental controls – alexa will automatically give kid-friendly responses and filter explicit songs. you can also set daily time limits and review activity in the amazon parent dashboard. for growing independence - kids can help take charge of their routines with alexa by setting their own alarms or turning off compatible smart lights. use the hey disney! voice assistant to get the weather with mickey, set a reading timer with dory or olaf, and more. turn alexa's voice into a dragon– kids can customize the way their alexa sounds with a pretend owl or dragon voice with the included 1 year of amazon kids+. 2-year worry-free guarantee – if it breaks, return it and we’ll replace it for free. designed to protect your privacy – amazon is not in the business of selling your family's personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic off button. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo dot kids with alexa (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 1 year of amazon kids+, dragon 4.7 out of 5 stars 15,578 40% off limited time deal $35.99$3599 $59.99 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo buds (newest model), true wireless bluetooth 5.2 earbuds with alexa, audio personalization, multipoint, 20h battery with charging case, fast charging, sweat resistant, black 3.9 out of 5 stars 11,591 $34.99$3499 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime true wireless earbuds with rich, balanced sound — hear it loud and clear with 12mm drivers delivering crisp audio, balanced bass, and full sound. be heard with 2 microphones and a voice detection accelerometer for crystal clear communication. hear your world — echo buds are a semi-in-ear design that help reduce outside noise and keep you connected to your surroundings while listening to music or taking calls. light weight and sweat resistant, they ship with pre-installed silicone earbuds covers to optimize your fit. seamless switching — connect to two devices at the same time and automatically move between devices with multipoint pairing. move from a video call on your laptop to music on your phone without skipping a beat. alexa on-the-go — cue music, play podcasts, listen to audible, make calls, set reminders, and more, all with the sound of your voice. compatible with ios and android, and supports access to siri and google assistant. long-lasting battery — never pause with up to 5 hours of music playback (6 hours without wake word on), up to 20 total hours with the charging case, and up to 2 hours with a 15-minute quick charge. customizable tap controls — use the alexa app to setup tap controls for each individual earbud. use tap to control music, phone calls, mute your mics and more. designed to protect your privacy – amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic off button. personalized audio - the audio personalization feature uses a range of frequencies to help tailor your audio experience to your unique listening preferences. hear more detail and fullness from all the things you love to listen to. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo buds (newest model), true wireless bluetooth 5.2 earbuds with alexa, audio personalization, multipoint, 20h battery with charging case, fast charging, sweat resistant, black 3.9 out of 5 stars 11,591 30% off limited time deal $34.99$3499 $49.99 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo auto (newest model), add alexa to your car 4.2 out of 5 stars 5,300 $34.99$3499 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime hands-free alexa accessory - slim design that's easy to place in your car and 5-mic built-in so alexa can hear you over music, a/c, or road noise. includes a fast car charger to charge your phone on the go. listen to your favorite music - ask alexa to stream playlists from amazon music, apple music, spotify, and more, or listen live to radio stations. use follow me music to resume media playback. call and message with your voice - use your voice to make calls, reply to text messages, drop in on alexa-enabled devices in your home or broadcast announcements. pre-select the messages and notifications you want to hear using vip filter in the alexa app. get your favorite entertainment hands-free - binge a hot new podcast, catch up on the news, or listen to best-selling audible books. control your smart home from the road - ask alexa to set the thermostat, turn off the lights, check if your front door is locked, and more while you're away from home. designed to protect your privacy - amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. built with multiple layers of privacy controls, including a mic off button. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo auto (newest model), add alexa to your car 4.2 out of 5 stars 5,300 36% off limited time deal $34.99$3499 $54.99 free shipping get free shipping free shipping within the u.s. when you order $35 of eligible items shipped by amazon. or get faster shipping on this item starting at $6.99. (prices may vary for ak and hi.) learn more about free shipping on orders over $35 shipped by amazon or get fast, free shipping with amazon prime add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo frames, an alexa device (newest model), smart glasses with alexa, rectangle frames in classic black with blue light filtering lenses 3.5 out of 5 stars 272 $299.99$29999 & free shipping. details access your favorite music and content - hit the streets and ask alexa to play music, podcasts, or audible books from some of your favorite streaming apps. hands-free communications - keep in touch with open-ear audio calling, so you never have to pull out your phone. with top contact enabled, you can also call your top vip with just a single press and hold of a button to give you an even more convenient and seamless way to stay in touch. next generation open-ear audio - echo frames speakers direct sound to your ears without covering them, while minimizing what others around you can hear. plus, with auto volume enabled, they automatically adjust volume based on the noise level of your environment. control your smart home from anywhere - do more with alexa on your frames — check to see if you locked the front door, turn on/off lights, and set your thermostat when you're away from home. fashion meets function - now available in new classic & fashion-forward styles made from handcrafted mazzucchelli italian acetate, german engineered spring hinges, and premium metal tone finishes designed to elevate your style. blue light filtering lenses - comes with blue light filtering lenses with an anti-reflective coating that filters out the blue light emitted by digital screens. these lenses improve visual comfort and clarity by reducing glare. they are lightweight, comfortable, and designed for long hours and late nights. designed to protect your privacy - amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. microphones are designed to respond to the voice of the person wearing the frames and can be muted with the double-press of a button. more battery to take charge of your day - get up to 6 hours of continuous media playback or up to 14 hours of moderate usage. moderate usage includes 2 hours 30 minutes of media playback, 1 hour of talk time, 20 alexa interactions, and 90 incoming notifications, all intermittently throughout the day. designed for sustainability - this device's charging stand is made from 35% recycled materials. 95% of this device packaging is made of wood fiber-based materials from responsibly managed forests or recycled sources. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo frames, an alexa device (newest model), smart glasses with alexa, rectangle frames in classic black with blue light filtering lenses 3.5 out of 5 stars 272 $299.99$29999 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder amazon echo frames, an alexa device (newest model), smart glasses with alexa, square frames in classic black with polarized sunglass lenses 3.7 out of 5 stars 213 $329.99$32999 & free shipping. details access your favorite music and content - hit the streets and ask alexa to play music, podcasts, or audible books from some of your favorite streaming apps. hands-free communications - keep in touch with open-ear audio calling, so you never have to pull out your phone. with top contact enabled, you can also call your top vip with just a single press and hold of a button to give you an even more convenient and seamless way to stay in touch. next generation open-ear audio - echo frames speakers direct sound to your ears without covering them, while minimizing what others around you can hear. plus, with auto volume enabled, they automatically adjust volume based on the noise level of your environment. control your smart home from anywhere - do more with alexa on your frames — check to see if you locked the front door, turn on/off lights, and set your thermostat when you're away from home. fashion meets function - now available in new classic & fashion-forward styles made from handcrafted mazzucchelli italian acetate, german engineered spring hinges, and premium metal tone finishes designed to elevate your style. polarized sun lenses - comes with polarized lenses with uv400 protection. the glasses are ipx4 water and sweat resistant. designed to protect your privacy - amazon is not in the business of selling your personal information to others. microphones are designed to respond to the voice of the person wearing the frames and can be muted with the double-press of a button. more battery to take charge of your day - get up to 6 hours of continuous media playback or up to 14 hours of moderate usage. moderate usage includes 2 hours 30 minutes of media playback, 1 hour of talk time, 20 alexa interactions, and 90 incoming notifications, all intermittently throughout the day. designed for sustainability - this device's charging stand is made from 35% recycled materials. 95% of this device packaging is made of wood fiber-based materials from responsibly managed forests or recycled sources. see more see all details add to cart amazon echo frames, an alexa device (newest model), smart glasses with alexa, square frames in classic black with polarized sunglass lenses 3.7 out of 5 stars 213 $329.99$32999 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder echo bundle: echo dot (5th gen, 2022 release) | charcoal and limited edition marvel iron man stand 4.9 out of 5 stars 29 $64.98$6498 & free shipping. details bundle includes: echo dot (5th gen, 2022 release) | charcoal and limited edition marvel iron man stand our best sounding echo dot yet – enjoy an improved audio experience compared to any previous echo dot with alexa for clearer vocals, deeper bass and vibrant sound in any room. your favorite music and content – play music, audiobooks, and podcasts from amazon music, apple music, spotify and others or via bluetooth throughout your home. alexa is happy to help – ask alexa for weather updates and to set hands-free timers, get answers to your questions and even hear jokes. need a few extra minutes in the morning? just tap your echo dot to snooze your alarm. keep your home comfortable – control compatible smart home devices with your voice and routines triggered by built-in motion or indoor temperature sensors. create routines to automatically turn on lights when you walk into a room, or start a fan if the inside temperature goes above your comfort zone. accessory: delightful fun iron man design. accessory: can be easily placed on a table, desk, or nightstand. accessory: made for easy interaction and won’t interfere with amazon echo dot functions. see more see all details add to cart echo bundle: echo dot (5th gen, 2022 release) | charcoal and limited edition marvel iron man stand 4.9 out of 5 stars 29 28% off limited time deal $64.98$6498 $89.98 & free shipping. details add to cart quick look quick look item added to cart successfully placeholder star wars echo dot bundle: includes echo dot (5th gen, 2022 release) | charcoal and limited edition star wars tie fighter stand 3.9 out of 5 stars 11 $84.98$8498 & free shipping. details star wars echo dot bundle: includes echo dot (5th gen, 2022 release) | charcoal and limited edition star wars tie fighter stand our best sounding echo dot yet – enjoy an improved audio experience compared to any previous echo dot with alexa for clearer vocals, deeper bass and vibrant sound in any room. your favorite music and content – play music, audiobooks, and podcasts from amazon music, apple music, spotify and others or via bluetooth throughout your home. alexa is happy to help – ask alexa for weather updates and to set hands-free timers, get answers to your questions and even hear jokes. need a few extra minutes in the morning? just tap your echo dot to snooze your alarm. star wars tie fighter stand: transform your echo dot into an iconic imperial spacecraft with this exclusive star wars tie fighter stand. star wars tie fighter stand: immerse yourself in the star wars galaxy showcasing your echo dot in the included tie fighter hangar diorama display. star wars tie fighter stand: display your tie fighter in true imperial style! this large stand can sit on a shelf, desk, or end table. star wars tie fighter stand: made for easy interaction and won’t interfere with amazon echo dot functions star wars tie fighter stand: for ages 13+ see more see all details add to cart star wars echo dot bundle: includes echo dot (5th gen, 2022 release) | charcoal and limited edition star wars tie fighter stand 3.9 out of 5 stars 11 $84.98$8498 $109.98 & free shipping. details add to cart next page page 1 of 1 find the right smart display for you echo show 5 (3rd gen) echo show 8 (3rd gen) echo show 10 (3rd gen) echo show 15 (2nd gen) echo show 21 price from: $64.99 from: $149.99 from: $249.99 from: $299.99 from: $399.99 ratings 4.4 out of 5 stars (48,220) 4.5 out of 5 stars (21,848) 4.5 out of 5 stars (52,772) 4.5 out of 5 stars (1,825) 4.5 out of 5 stars (1,825) best for designed for small table tops or office desks table top hd smart display with spatial audio table top hd smart display with smart motion designed to move with you wall mountable full hd smart display with built-in fire tv and home screen widgets largest wall mountable full hd smart display with built-in fire tv and home screen widgets release year 2023 2023 2021 2024 2024 works with alexa+ coming soon screen 5.5" display 8.0" hd display 10.1” hd display 15.6" full hd display 21" full hd display speakers 1 x 1.7“ room-filling spatial audio with two 2.0" stereo speakers and passive bass radiator premium sound with two 1.0" tweeters & 3.0" woofer vibrant, powerful sound two 0.6" tweeters & two 2" woofers vibrant, powerful sound two 0.6" tweeters & two 2" woofers camera 2 mp 13 mp with auto-framing 13 mp with auto-framing 13 mp wide angle with auto-framing 13 mp wide angle with auto-framing alexa built-in fire tv built-in smart motion visual id personalization wall mountable dimensions 7.9”w x 5.5”h x 4.2”d 7.9”w x 5.4”h x 3.9”d 9.9”w x 9”h x 6.7”d 16.1"w x 10.1"h x 1.4"d 21.4"w x 13.2"h x 1.5"d find the right smart speaker for you echo pop echo dot (5th gen) echo spot echo (4th gen) price from: $24.99 from: $34.99 from: $64.99 from: $54.99 ratings 4.7 out of 5 stars (87,263) 4.6 out of 5 stars (159,136) 4.6 out of 5 stars (25,068) 4.6 out of 5 stars (150,857) ideal room placement small spaces bedrooms and small spaces bedrooms communal spaces like the living or family room release year 2023 2022 2024 2020 works with alexa+ coming soon screen - - 2.83” with 320x240 resolution - speakers 1.95” front-firing speaker 1.73" front-firing speaker 1.73" front-firing speaker 3.0" neodymium woofer and dual front-firing 0.8" tweeters alexa built in motion detection - temperature sensor - - built-in zigbee smart home hub - - - eero built-in - privacy controls built-in microphone off button and in-app privacy controls built-in microphone off button and in-app privacy controls built-in microphone off button and in-app privacy controls built-in microphone off button and in-app privacy controls dimensions 3.9”w x 3.3”d x 3.6”h 3.9”w x 3.9”d x 3.5”h 4.5"w x 4.1"d x 4.4"h 5.7”w x 5.7”d x 5.2”h audio quality full sound big vibrant sound big vibrant sound premium room-filling sound audio support lossless high definition lossless high definition lossless high definition lossless high definition, dolby audio line in/out - - - 3.5 mm line in/out brief content visible, double tap to read full content.full content visible, double tap to read brief content.alexa on-the-goprevious pageamazon echo frames (3rd gen) | smart glasses with alexa | round frames in blue tortoise with prescription ready lensesamazon$269.99$269.99 297amazon echo buds (newest model), true wireless bluetooth 5.2 earbuds with alexa, audio personalization, multipoint, 20h battery with charging case, fast charging, sweat resistant, blackamazon$34.99$34.99 $49.99$49.99 11,591amazon echo auto (newest model), add alexa to your caramazon$34.99$34.99 $54.99$54.99 5,300next page brief content visible, double tap to read full content.full content visible, double tap to read brief content.kid-friendly smart devicesprevious pageamazon echo pop kids (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 6 months of amazon kids+, disney princessamazon$25.99$25.99 $49.99$49.99 2,982amazon echo pop kids (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 6 months of amazon kids+, marvel's avengersamazon$25.99$25.99 $49.99$49.99 2,982amazon echo show 5 kids (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 1 year of amazon kids+, galaxyamazon$65.99$65.99 $99.99$99.99 2,302amazon echo dot kids with alexa (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 1 year of amazon kids+, owlamazon$35.99$35.99 $59.99$59.99 15,578amazon echo dot kids with alexa (newest model), designed for kids, with parental controls, includes 1 year of amazon kids+, dragonamazon$35.99$35.99 $59.99$59.99 15,578next page frequently asked questions how do customers get early access to alexa+? we will start rolling out early access to us customers who own or purchase an echo show 8, 10, 15 or 21. customers will be notified via email and through device notifications once access is granted. once you have access and opt-in, alexa+ will start working across all your compatible echo devices, fire tv and fire tablets, as well as on your web browser and the alexa app. what devices can customers use alexa+ on? when you get access to alexa+ by owning or purchasing an echo show 8, 10, 15 or 21, it will be available on all echo devices, with the exception of certain older generation echo devices like echo dot 1st gen, echo 1st gen, echo plus 1st gen, amazon tap, echo show 1st gen, echo show 2nd gen, and echo spot 1st gen, where you can continue to use the original alexa. you'll also be able to try alexa+ on your web browser, the alexa app, compatible fire tvs and fire tablets. this experience is not currently supported on alexa built-in devices and amazon astro, however we look forward to expanding alexa+ to additional devices in the future. instagramtwitteryoutubetiktokthreads back to top get to know us careers amazon newsletter about amazon accessibility sustainability press center investor relations amazon devices amazon science make money with us sell on amazon sell apps on amazon supply to amazon protect & build your brand become an affiliate become a delivery driver start a package delivery business advertise your products self-publish with us become an amazon hub partner ›see more ways to make money amazon payment products amazon visa amazon store card amazon secured card amazon business card shop with points credit card marketplace reload your balance gift cards amazon currency converter let us help you your account your orders shipping rates & policies amazon prime returns & replacements manage your content and devices recalls and product safety alerts registry & gift list help english united states amazon musicstream millionsof songs amazon adsreach customerswherever theyspend their time 6pmscore dealson fashion brands abebooksbooks, art& collectibles acx audiobook publishingmade easy sell on amazonstart a selling account veeqoshipping softwareinventory management amazon businesseverything foryour business amazon freshgroceries & moreright to your door amazonglobalship ordersinternationally home servicesexperienced proshappiness guarantee amazon web servicesscalable cloudcomputing services audiblelisten to books & originalaudio performances box office mojofind moviebox office data goodreadsbook reviews& recommendations imdbmovies, tv& celebrities imdbproget info entertainmentprofessionals need kindle direct publishingindie digital & print publishingmade easy amazon photosunlimited photo storagefree with prime prime video directvideo distributionmade easy shopbopdesignerfashion brands amazon resalegreat deals onquality used products whole foods marketamerica’s healthiestgrocery store woot!deals and shenanigans zapposshoes &clothing ringsmart homesecurity systems eero wifistream 4k videoin every room blinksmart securityfor every home neighbors app real-time crime& safety alerts amazon subscription boxestop subscription boxes – right to your door pillpackpharmacy simplified amazon renewedlike-new productsyou can trust conditions of use privacy notice consumer health data privacy disclosure your ads privacy choices © 1996-2025, amazon.com, inc. or its affiliates