来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161231232006/https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00ZV9RDKK?pf_rd_p=35299702-bbc4-4b60-bb32-c4f5ae657bfe&pf_rd_s=nav-sa-fire-tv&pf_rd_t=4201&pf_rd_i=navbar-4201&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_r=JX1HNK3TWT5EP1E7MQ90
================================================================================

amazon.com: fire tv stick with alexa voice remote, streaming media player - previous generation : electronics shortcuts menu skip to main content about this item about this item about this item buying options compare with similar items videos reviews keyboard shortcuts search opt + / cart shift + opt + c home shift + opt + h orders shift + opt + o add to cart shift + opt + k open/close shortcuts menu shift + opt + z to move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows. .us delivering to san franc... 94117 update location electronics select the department you want to search in all departments alexa skills amazon autos amazon devices amazon fresh amazon global store amazon haul amazon one medical amazon pharmacy amazon resale appliances apps & games arts, crafts & sewing audible books & originals automotive parts & accessories baby beauty & personal care books cds & vinyl cell phones & accessories clothing, shoes & jewelry women's clothing, shoes & jewelry men's clothing, shoes & jewelry girl's clothing, shoes & jewelry boy's clothing, shoes & jewelry baby clothing, shoes & jewelry collectibles & fine art computers credit and payment cards digital music electronics garden & outdoor gift cards grocery & gourmet food handmade health, household & baby care home & business services home & kitchen industrial & scientific just for prime kindle store lucky luggage & travel gear luxury stores magazine subscriptions movies & tv musical instruments office products pet food express pet supplies premium beauty prime video same-day store smart home software sports & outdoors subscribe & save subscription boxes tools & home improvement toys & games under $10 video games whole foods market search amazon en hello, sign in account & lists returns & orders 0 cart all amazon haul medical care saks best sellers amazon basics new releases registry groceries gift cards smart home today's deals prime music customer service books pharmacy luxury stores amazon home fashion shop by interest toys & games beauty & personal care sell automotive home improvement computers sports & outdoors gift shop prime day is july 8-11 amazon devices echo & alexa fire tablets amazon fire tv kindle home security accessories certified refurbished help forum kindle support manage your content and devices fire tv stick hd fire tv stick 4k fire tv stick 4k max fire tv cube shop all fire tv currently unavailable. we don't know when or if this item will be back in stock. delivering to san francisco 94117 - update location add to list added to unable to add item to list. please try again. sorry, there was a problem. there was an error retrieving your wish lists. please try again. sorry, there was a problem. list unavailable. 2 videos fire tv stick with alexa voice remotemerchant video image unavailable image not available forcolor: to view this video download flash player videos 360° view images fire tv stick with alexa voice remote, streaming media player - previous generation brand: amazon 4.5 4.5 out of 5 stars 312,812 ratings visit the amazon fire tv store currently unavailable. we don't know when or if this item will be back in stock. there’s a newer model of this product – learn more brief content visible, double tap to read full content.full content visible, double tap to read brief content. configuration: fire tv stick our best-selling fire tv stick, with the 1st gen alexa voice remote. enjoy tens of thousands of channels, apps, and alexa skills with access to over 500,000 movies and tv episodes. enjoy favorites from netflix, prime video, hulu, hbo, showtime, nbc, and more. access millions of websites such as youtube, facebook, and reddit with browsers like silk and firefox. launch and control content with the included 1st gen alexa voice remote. simply say, “play game of thrones” or “launch netflix” and alexa will respond instantly. plus, play music, find movie show times, order a pizza, and more—just ask no cable or satellite? no problem. watch the best of live tv and sports from amc, hgtv, espn, fox, and others with a subscription to directv now, playstation vue, or top-rated primetime shows with cbs all access. amazon prime membership unlocks thousands of movies and tv episodes, including "thursday night football", amazon original series, prime video channels, and ad-free listening to millions of songs with prime music. pick up where you left off. bring hit shows and movies with you when you travel. plug fire tv stick into any tv’s hdmi port, connect to wi-fi, and continue streaming. play current favorites or quickly discover what to watch next directly from the home screen. › see more product details report an issue with this product or seller jump to: your device details compare questions reviews related items top brand: amazon highly rated 100k+ customers rate items from this brand highly trending 100k+ orders for this brand in past 3 months low returns customers usually keep items from this brand enjoy access to netflix, hulu, hbo now, prime video, and more. there are over 500,000 tv episodes and movies ready to stream, or watch live tv (including sports and news) as it happens. directly access millions of websites such as youtube, facebook, and reddit with browsers like silk and firefox. subscription fees may apply. prime membership unlocks a world of entertainment on prime video, with exclusive and award-winning originals, popular movies and tv, live events, sports, and more—all at no extra cost and available to watch on practically any device. prime members can also add 100+ channels like starz, showtime, hbo, and cinemax with prime video channels—no cable required, and no additional apps to download. you only pay for the channels you want, and you can cancel anytime. each channel starts with a free trial, so it's easy to discover new favorites. set the mood for any party with millions of songs ready to stream through pandora, amazon music, and iheartradio. plus, watch videos from facebook, vevo, and vimeo or play hundreds of games from mojang, ea, disney, and more. just press the microphone button on the alexa voice remote (1st gen) and say what you’d like to hear, see, or play next. customer reviews4.5 out of 5 stars4.5 out of 5312,812 global ratings5 star4 star3 star2 star1 star5 star74%13%6%2%5%74%5 star4 star3 star2 star1 star4 star74%13%6%2%5%13%5 star4 star3 star2 star1 star3 star74%13%6%2%5%6%5 star4 star3 star2 star1 star2 star74%13%6%2%5%2%5 star4 star3 star2 star1 star1 star74%13%6%2%5%5%how customer reviews and ratings workcustomer reviews, including product star ratings help customers to learn more about the product and decide whether it is the right product for them.to calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don’t use a simple average. instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on amazon. it also analyzed reviews to verify trustworthiness.learn more how customers reviews work on amazon review this productshare your thoughts with other customerswrite a customer review customers saycustomers find the fire tv stick performs well with netflix and lesser-known apps, is easy to set up and use, and offers a cost-effective way to watch tv and movies with no additional monthly costs. the alexa voice control receives positive feedback for its amazing voice recognition, and customers appreciate its streaming capabilities, with one mentioning it handles live tv streaming and dvr well. while the device is generally fast with no buffering issues, some report slow connection problems. the remote functionality receives mixed reviews, with some loving the voice command feature while others report it not working.ai generated from the text of customer reviewsselect to learn moreworks wellease of usevalue for moneyalexa voice controlfire stickstreaming qualityspeedremote functionality70,636 customers mention "works well"62,973 positive7,663 negativecustomers are satisfied with how the fire tv stick performs, particularly noting that netflix and lesser-known apps work well with it."...getting amazon fire sticks are worth it and they work well....and once you get used to knowing what show plays where, it's a no-brainer...." read more"...: as far as i can tell, there isn’t much difference, both are powerful devices, almost no lags with either device...." read more"...they really made a good little device here and it's very easy to use for anyone who has a tv and wifi which you probably have if you have a computer." read more"...this is due to a stronger processor, a 1.3ghz quad core processor vs a 1ghz dual core processor from older models...." read more44,261 customers mention "ease of use"40,062 positive4,199 negativecustomers find the fire tv stick easy to set up and use, with intuitive controls and clear directions provided."...remote: i personally like the fire remote, it is simple (only 7 buttons with a navigation ring), but provides all the functions you will need...." read more"...they really made a good little device here and it's very easy to use for anyone who has a tv and wifi which you probably have if you have a computer." read more"...has not been an update in ram, i have noticed that navigating the fire stick is much quicker than previous models, which will make anybody..." read more"...the amazing thing with vue is you can go into the guide, pick a show that was aired, say, two hours ago that you missed and watch it in its entirety!..." read more18,620 customers mention "value for money"14,868 positive3,752 negativecustomers find the fire tv stick to be a good value, noting it pays for itself within a month and offers a cost-effective way to watch tv and movies, with one customer mentioning there are no extra membership fees."...getting amazon fire sticks are worth it and they work well....and once you get used to knowing what show plays where, it's a no-brainer...." read more"...n't work for me i can send it back...i have nothing to lose and it's affordable. so i purchased a fire stick...yea me...lol...." read more"...all over pros - fast performance & inexpensive. - comes with improved voice remote that can control your tv. -..." read more"...and it's twice as expensive as my streaming cable option." read more9,900 customers mention "alexa voice control"8,238 positive1,662 negativecustomers appreciate the alexa voice control capabilities of the fire tv stick, praising its amazing voice recognition and voice commands, with one customer noting they can directly ask alexa to play their shows."...in addition, fire remote has a voice function, which you won’t find on roku, this is a big plus...." read more"...voice search and amazon alexa are very useful. - always getting updates for improvements and security patches from amazon. -..." read more"...do not underestimate how helpful and fun it is to have alexa voice control of the fire tv stick...." read more"...alexa has excellent voice recognition. it is the best i have ever used...." read more9,174 customers mention "fire stick"8,740 positive434 negativecustomers love the fire tv stick."...it’s free for fire tv devices and it shows a variety of films, shows and originals...." read more"...this gives you some really powerful control over the fire stick. now you can search for tv shows, movies, music, etc using alexa...." read more"...with prime buffering to my smart tv, but i have had very few issues with fire tv stick...." read more"...this is a tiny stick with a tiny price. if you want 4k, get the fire tv with 4k...." read more8,013 customers mention "streaming quality"7,310 positive703 negativecustomers appreciate the fire tv stick's streaming capabilities, with one customer noting its compatibility with youtube and another mentioning its ability to handle live tv streaming and dvr apps effectively."...with this device, you’ll be able to use apps such as netflix, pandora, hbo, and even amazon prime (provided you’re a prime member)...." read more"...my fire tv stick more than i used to simply because of the ease of picking music to play by easy voice commands. it’s a game changer...." read more"...things that i like: easy access to prime tv and movies and movies that we have purchased through amazon..." read more"...and because a web browser is included, you may be able to stream content even if there is no fire tv-compatible app for a particular..." read more10,464 customers mention "speed"7,054 positive3,410 negativecustomers have mixed experiences with the fire tv stick's speed, with some reporting no buffering or lag issues, while others mention occasional slowness and connection problems."...isn’t much difference, both are powerful devices, almost no lags with either device...." read more"...all over pros - fast performance & inexpensive. - comes with improved voice remote that can control your tv. -..." read more"...gb is plenty for streaming in most cases, users may find occasional lag on the home screen, especially when first booting the device up...." read more"...not only is it faster, but it has better wifi capabilities too. but the really big addition is voice control afforded by the alexa enhanced remote...." read more9,483 customers mention "remote functionality"3,593 positive5,890 negativecustomers have mixed experiences with the fire tv stick's remote functionality, with some loving the voice command feature while others report issues with the device not responding to commands."...start up screen where you have to pair the remote, but pairing the remote no longer works!..." read more"...connect via bluetooth: what’s a watching experience if you don’t have an amazing soundbar to go with your tv and fire device?..." read more"...the remote itself is very simple. it only has 6 buttons apart from a set of directional controls with a round "enter" button at their center, and a..." read more"...1. the only thing i would point out would be that the case/charger is a bit bulky, but since this is my first time with head phones like this...." read more view image gallery amazon customer 5.0 out of 5 stars images in this review reviews with imagessee all photosprevious pagenext pageall photosamazon customer5 out of 5 starspros & cons of the new fire stick (vs. roku 3600r)i own both the new fire and roku stick (3600r), below is a short review and honest (personal) opinion on both products. user interface: the fire stick has essentially the same ui as fire tv (which i also own), it is largely divided by content category (home, video, tv, movie, music, games, photo, apps, etc.), and integrated seamlessly with prime eco-system. if you are already a prime member, you will have better experience with fire stick than roku. roku’s ui has the advantage of integrating more contents (google store, my feed, news, etc.). roku also allows user to make certain changes in home screen (add/remove/move tiles), unlike fire stick. however, both uis are well designed, smooth. it comes down to personal preference. hardware/streaming quality: as far as i can tell, there isn’t much difference, both are powerful devices, almost no lags with either device. one of the attached pictures is a screenshot of streaming youtube 4k content from fire stick, the picture quality is stunning (output as 1080p). remote: i personally like the fire remote, it is simple (only 7 buttons with a navigation ring), but provides all the functions you will need. i find it is both slimmer and easier to use than the roku remote. in addition, fire remote has a voice function, which you won’t find on roku, this is a big plus. also note that the fire stick remote will work with fire tv but you will have to "unpair" it first (please see the comment made by roaddog on this review). voice search/alexa: amazon has greatly improved the search function. one of the main complains of earlier versions of fire tv/stick is that alexa only search amazon contents, but not 3rd parties’ (netflix, etc.). however, with the latest software update, the search results now show both amazon and 3rd party. you can choose from multiple ways to watch a movie (and whether the option is free of charge is clearly indicated). power cord: the usb cable came with fire stick is about 4 feet long, it also comes with an adapter. however, i am using a 3rd party wall charger (iclever boostcube+ 30w dual usb wall charger with qualcomm quick charge 3.0), and it worked well. in one of the pictures you can see the fire charger output = 5.0v + 1.0a, iclever output is sufficient. it is a benefit in case you travel a lot, so that you won’t need to bring two separate chargers. one charger with two output slots will be enough for both your phone and fire stick. app quality: one of the main reasons that i bought the fire stick after i bought roku is because the quality of playstation vue app on fire system is much better than roku, from my experience there is simply no comparison. vue app on fire gives you much easier access to your recorded shows, live programming schedule and channel switching. roku doesn’t have live programming schedule, and some of my recorded shows are missing. however, quality of other main apps (netflix, youtube, espn, etc.) are more or less on par between fire and roku. price: fire stick is ~$9 cheaper hotel/travel log-in: with roku, you will need a separate mobile device (phone) to connect to a specific wifi network established by the stick, then open up a browser and log in (normally with room# and last name). often it took me several tries to establish the connection. with fire stick, no need for a separate device, you will go to "settings/system/network" and press the "option" button on the remote, an on-screen cursor would appear, which allows you to log in as if you are using a laptop. i found the "fire" way simpler and more intuitive. physical appearance: in fact, this is the only category i’d put roku on top of fire stick. the new fire stick (1.2 x 3.4in) is much larger than roku (you can see from the picture), it is even larger than the first generation fire stick. this really surprised me as i thought the trend is to make them smaller. i also prefer that roku put the power slot at the end of stick, while fire stick put it right in the middle, which is really awkward. in short, if you are a prime member and use playstation vue, i’d highly recommend the new fire stick.morehidethank you for your feedbackclosesorry, there was an errorclosesorry we couldn't load the reviewtry again top reviews from the united states there was a problem filtering reviews. please reload the page. amazon customer5.0 out of 5 stars what i once thought was silly is now a good thing! reviewed in the united states on november 14, 2016configuration: fire tv stickverified purchase earlier this month, my tv entertainment included dish 200+ channel satellite tv, 20mbps turbo internet, netflix, and amazon prime. after doing some research, i bought 3 amazon fire sticks with the voice remote, cancelled dish, upgraded to 30mbps internet, added sling 25 channels, added standard hulu, and cbs all access. guess who still gets 96+% of the channels watched, added prime music and several hundred shows (that networks don't play) to all the tvs in the house, and saved over $700 per year compared to what i paid this past year? i did. i never thought of "cutting the cord" until i really looked into it all. getting amazon fire sticks are worth it and they work well....and once you get used to knowing what show plays where, it's a no-brainer. just like how you originally had to figure out how to use a smart phone back in the day. after a while, it's a breeze. i highly recommend everything i listed in this review. seriously....take a couple hours and make a spread-sheet listing the must-have shows that people in your household watch. then make a comparison to what's available on the streaming services. if you're like me, and you don't watch 80% of the channels you pay for, it's so worth it. read more 32,794 people found this helpful helpful report copperzammer5.0 out of 5 stars pros & cons of the new fire stick (vs. roku 3600r) reviewed in the united states on october 25, 2016configuration: fire tv stickverified purchase i own both the new fire and roku stick (3600r), below is a short review and honest (personal) opinion on both products.user interface: the fire stick has essentially the same ui as fire tv (which i also own), it is largely divided by content category (home, video, tv, movie, music, games, photo, apps, etc.), and integrated seamlessly with prime eco-system. if you are already a prime member, you will have better experience with fire stick than roku. roku’s ui has the advantage of integrating more contents (google store, my feed, news, etc.). roku also allows user to make certain changes in home screen (add/remove/move tiles), unlike fire stick. however, both uis are well designed, smooth. it comes down to personal preference.hardware/streaming quality: as far as i can tell, there isn’t much difference, both are powerful devices, almost no lags with either device. one of the attached pictures is a screenshot of streaming youtube 4k content from fire stick, the picture quality is stunning (output as 1080p).remote: i personally like the fire remote, it is simple (only 7 buttons with a navigation ring), but provides all the functions you will need. i find it is both slimmer and easier to use than the roku remote. in addition, fire remote has a voice function, which you won’t find on roku, this is a big plus. also note that the fire stick remote will work with fire tv but you will have to "unpair" it first (please see the comment made by roaddog on this review).voice search/alexa: amazon has greatly improved the search function. one of the main complains of earlier versions of fire tv/stick is that alexa only search amazon contents, but not 3rd parties’ (netflix, etc.). however, with the latest software update, the search results now show both amazon and 3rd party. you can choose from multiple ways to watch a movie (and whether the option is free of charge is clearly indicated).power cord: the usb cable came with fire stick is about 4 feet long, it also comes with an adapter. however, i am using a 3rd party wall charger (iclever boostcube+ 30w dual usb wall charger with qualcomm quick charge 3.0), and it worked well. in one of the pictures you can see the fire charger output = 5.0v + 1.0a, iclever output is sufficient. it is a benefit in case you travel a lot, so that you won’t need to bring two separate chargers. one charger with two output slots will be enough for both your phone and fire stick.app quality: one of the main reasons that i bought the fire stick after i bought roku is because the quality of playstation vue app on fire system is much better than roku, from my experience there is simply no comparison. vue app on fire gives you much easier access to your recorded shows, live programming schedule and channel switching. roku doesn’t have live programming schedule, and some of my recorded shows are missing. however, quality of other main apps (netflix, youtube, espn, etc.) are more or less on par between fire and roku.price: fire stick is ~$9 cheaperhotel/travel log-in: with roku, you will need a separate mobile device (phone) to connect to a specific wifi network established by the stick, then open up a browser and log in (normally with room# and last name). often it took me several tries to establish the connection. with fire stick, no need for a separate device, you will go to "settings/system/network" and press the "option" button on the remote, an on-screen cursor would appear, which allows you to log in as if you are using a laptop. i found the "fire" way simpler and more intuitive.physical appearance: in fact, this is the only category i’d put roku on top of fire stick. the new fire stick (1.2 x 3.4in) is much larger than roku (you can see from the picture), it is even larger than the first generation fire stick. this really surprised me as i thought the trend is to make them smaller. i also prefer that roku put the power slot at the end of stick, while fire stick put it right in the middle, which is really awkward.in short, if you are a prime member and use playstation vue, i’d highly recommend the new fire stick. read more copperzammer 5.0 out of 5 stars pros & cons of the new fire stick (vs. roku 3600r) reviewed in the united states on october 25, 2016 i own both the new fire and roku stick (3600r), below is a short review and honest (personal) opinion on both products.user interface: the fire stick has essentially the same ui as fire tv (which i also own), it is largely divided by content category (home, video, tv, movie, music, games, photo, apps, etc.), and integrated seamlessly with prime eco-system. if you are already a prime member, you will have better experience with fire stick than roku. roku’s ui has the advantage of integrating more contents (google store, my feed, news, etc.). roku also allows user to make certain changes in home screen (add/remove/move tiles), unlike fire stick. however, both uis are well designed, smooth. it comes down to personal preference.hardware/streaming quality: as far as i can tell, there isn’t much difference, both are powerful devices, almost no lags with either device. one of the attached pictures is a screenshot of streaming youtube 4k content from fire stick, the picture quality is stunning (output as 1080p).remote: i personally like the fire remote, it is simple (only 7 buttons with a navigation ring), but provides all the functions you will need. i find it is both slimmer and easier to use than the roku remote. in addition, fire remote has a voice function, which you won’t find on roku, this is a big plus. also note that the fire stick remote will work with fire tv but you will have to "unpair" it first (please see the comment made by roaddog on this review).voice search/alexa: amazon has greatly improved the search function. one of the main complains of earlier versions of fire tv/stick is that alexa only search amazon contents, but not 3rd parties’ (netflix, etc.). however, with the latest software update, the search results now show both amazon and 3rd party. you can choose from multiple ways to watch a movie (and whether the option is free of charge is clearly indicated).power cord: the usb cable came with fire stick is about 4 feet long, it also comes with an adapter. however, i am using a 3rd party wall charger (iclever boostcube+ 30w dual usb wall charger with qualcomm quick charge 3.0), and it worked well. in one of the pictures you can see the fire charger output = 5.0v + 1.0a, iclever output is sufficient. it is a benefit in case you travel a lot, so that you won’t need to bring two separate chargers. one charger with two output slots will be enough for both your phone and fire stick.app quality: one of the main reasons that i bought the fire stick after i bought roku is because the quality of playstation vue app on fire system is much better than roku, from my experience there is simply no comparison. vue app on fire gives you much easier access to your recorded shows, live programming schedule and channel switching. roku doesn’t have live programming schedule, and some of my recorded shows are missing. however, quality of other main apps (netflix, youtube, espn, etc.) are more or less on par between fire and roku.price: fire stick is ~$9 cheaperhotel/travel log-in: with roku, you will need a separate mobile device (phone) to connect to a specific wifi network established by the stick, then open up a browser and log in (normally with room# and last name). often it took me several tries to establish the connection. with fire stick, no need for a separate device, you will go to "settings/system/network" and press the "option" button on the remote, an on-screen cursor would appear, which allows you to log in as if you are using a laptop. i found the "fire" way simpler and more intuitive.physical appearance: in fact, this is the only category i’d put roku on top of fire stick. the new fire stick (1.2 x 3.4in) is much larger than roku (you can see from the picture), it is even larger than the first generation fire stick. this really surprised me as i thought the trend is to make them smaller. i also prefer that roku put the power slot at the end of stick, while fire stick put it right in the middle, which is really awkward.in short, if you are a prime member and use playstation vue, i’d highly recommend the new fire stick. images in this review 7,264 people found this helpful helpful report p. smith5.0 out of 5 stars this non tech 71 year old lady says buy it!!!!!!!! reviewed in the united states on december 9, 2016configuration: fire tv stickverified purchase i am so glad i bought this fire tv stick with alexa. it has literally made my life happier. as i write this review i'm listening to "soft classic rock". all i had to do was say..."play soft classic rock" and music started playing. for people like me who are elderly, tech illiterate, perhaps disabled, and who love music, movies, and tv shows, let me explain a few things. i've been looking at this stick for some time now but was scared to buy it. then one day i said...the heck with it...i'm not stupid...i can read instructions...if it doesn't work for me i can send it back...i have nothing to lose and it's affordable. so i purchased a fire stick...yea me...lol.this is not complicated to hook up at all and there are very clear instructions that anyone can understand. the box you get includes power adapter, a cable, and extender cable, the fire stick, 2 batteries for the remote, and an alexa voice remote. it's as simple as can be. first of all the instructions say the extender cable is to improve wifi and remote performance so i used it. why not..better is always better..lol. so...i plugged one end of the power cable into the power adapter and the other end of the cable into the fire stick. then i plugged the fire stick into the hdmi extender cable and then plugged that into the tv. i have a wide screen sanyo. when you stick your head around the left side of our tv you see three places to plug "things" into. they're called ports...lol. mine are marked hdmi 1, 2, and 3. i just plugged the stick into port hdmi 1. last, i plugged the adapter into the wall socket and that was it. that's it. that's it!!!! that's all i had to do. read the short instructions to connect this fire stick. turn on your tv and then follow the instructions that appear on your screen. the fire stick does the rest.obviously you can watch movies and tv shows as explained in the description but there's so much more. ask alexa what the weather is for the day in your home town or where your kids live across the country. i love music but somehow got away from listening to it over the years. not anymore. there's always music in our house now. just turn on the tv and tell alexa what to play. this time i pressed the button and said..."play soft rock". alexa said..."here's a station that plays soft rock". the first station didn't appeal to me so i pressed the button again and said "next". i got another soft classic rock station that's been playing for over an hour now. i've been listening to songs i used to love and haven't heard in a long time. how i love "hotel california". they call them stations but it only plays music...no commercials or chatter...one song plays after the other. also a box shows on the screen that gives you the name of the song playing and the artist. you can ask for any kind of music from classical, to rock, to alternative, to show tunes.i'm still learning. i know there's more i can do with this and it will get easier to find exactly what i'm looking for as i play around with it. i bought mine during the introductory promotion for the "all-new" version...think it was $29.95. now it's $10 more but still worth every cent. don't hesitate to buy it because you think it's too complicated. they really made a good little device here and it's very easy to use for anyone who has a tv and wifi which you probably have if you have a computer. read more 5,967 people found this helpful helpful report see more reviews your recently viewed items and featured recommendations › view or edit your browsing history after viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in. your recently viewed items and featured recommendations › view or edit your browsing history after viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in. back to top get to know us careers amazon newsletter about amazon accessibility sustainability press center investor relations amazon devices amazon science make money with us sell on amazon sell apps on amazon supply to amazon protect & build your brand become an affiliate become a delivery driver start a package delivery business advertise your products self-publish with us become an amazon hub partner ›see more ways to make money amazon payment products amazon visa amazon store card amazon secured card amazon business card shop with points credit card marketplace reload your balance gift cards amazon currency converter let us help you your account your orders shipping rates & policies amazon prime returns & replacements manage your content and devices recalls and product safety alerts registry & gift list help english united states amazon musicstream millionsof songs amazon adsreach customerswherever theyspend their time 6pmscore dealson fashion brands abebooksbooks, art& collectibles acx audiobook publishingmade easy sell on amazonstart a selling account veeqoshipping softwareinventory management amazon businesseverything foryour business amazon freshgroceries & moreright to your door amazonglobalship ordersinternationally home servicesexperienced proshappiness guarantee amazon web servicesscalable cloudcomputing services audiblelisten to books & originalaudio performances box office mojofind moviebox office data goodreadsbook reviews& recommendations imdbmovies, tv& celebrities imdbproget info entertainmentprofessionals need kindle direct publishingindie digital & print publishingmade easy amazon photosunlimited photo storagefree with prime prime video directvideo distributionmade easy shopbopdesignerfashion brands amazon resalegreat deals onquality used products whole foods marketamerica’s healthiestgrocery store woot!deals and shenanigans zapposshoes &clothing ringsmart homesecurity systems eero wifistream 4k videoin every room blinksmart securityfor every home neighbors app real-time crime& safety alerts amazon subscription boxestop subscription boxes – right to your door pillpackpharmacy simplified amazon renewedlike-new productsyou can trust conditions of use privacy notice consumer health data privacy disclosure your ads privacy choices © 1996-2025, amazon.com, inc. or its affiliates