来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20111223092031/http://www.big5sportinggoods.com/cart/index.cfm?fuseaction=page.privacypolicy
================================================================================

big 5 sporting goods: privacy policy find a store join our e-team & save follow us on browse our store apparel footwear fitness team sports outdoors games golf/racket seasonal home » privacy policy my account  | cart contents  | checkout gift cards information view cart shipping & returns privacy policy conditions of use contact us store hours username password remember me password help privacy policy this privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for the big5sportinggoods.com website and various related services (together referred to as the "site"). big 5 corp., dba big 5 sporting goods, the provider of the site (referred to as "us" or "we"), is committed to protecting your privacy online. please read the information below to learn about how your information is collected, used and distributed as a result of your use of this site. you acknowledge that this privacy policy is part of our site terms of use, and by accessing or using our site, you agree to be bound by all of its terms and conditions. if you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site. we reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to keep your email address current with us and to review this site and this policy periodically to be aware of any modifications. your continued use of the site after any modifications will constitute your (a) acknowledgment of the modified policy, and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified policy. 1.    types of information collected in order to better provide you with our numerous services, we collect two types of information about our users: personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information, both of which are defined in detail below. our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our site. personally identifiable information: this refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. when you engage in certain activities on this site, such as registering for e-mail notifications, ordering a product or sending us feedback, we may ask you to provide certain information about you by filling out and submitting an online form. such information may include your first and last name, shipping address, billing address, email address, telephone number, facsimile number, credit card number and expiration date and other personal identifying information. depending upon the activity you are engaging in, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. if you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. non-personally identifiable information: this refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. we gather certain information about you based upon where you visit on our site in several ways. this information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. this information may include the web site's uniform resource locator ("url") that you just came from, which url you next go to, what browser you are using, and your internet protocol ("ip") address. 2.    collection methods and use of information we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. you provide certain personally identifiable information to us when you (a) register your email address with us, (b) enter sweepstakes or contests sponsored by us or one of our partners, (c) send email messages, submit forms or transmit other information by telephone, letter or facsimile, or (d) submit your credit card or other personally identifiable information when ordering and purchasing products on our site. we may also collect information from you at other points on our site that state that such information is being collected. in addition, we may also collect, or our third party content server may collect, certain non-personally identifiable information. this information is ultimately stored in the form of store categories, and, in some cases, specific urls. we use your ip address to diagnose problems with our servers and software, to administer our site and to gather demographic information. we will primarily use your personally identifiable information to provide our services to you. we will also use personally identifiable information to enhance the operation of our site, fill orders, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze site use, improve our product and service offerings, and customize our site's content, layout and services. we may use personally identifiable information to deliver information to you and to contact you regarding administrative notices. we may also use personally identifiable information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreements with you, including our terms and conditions and this privacy policy. 3.    release of information we do not sell, trade or rent your personally identifiable information to others. we do provide some of our services through contractual arrangements with affiliates, services providers, partners and other third parties. we and our service partners use your personally identifiable information to operate our sites and to deliver our services. for example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for products purchased on this site, and release your address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered. we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental authorities. we will disclose personally identifiable information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. we fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. we reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. 4.    updating and correcting your information we believe you should have the ability to access and edit the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. you may change any of your personally identifiable information in your account online at any time by linking to your account in accordance with instructions posted elsewhere on this site. we encourage you to promptly update your personally identifiable information if it changes. 5.    user choices on collection and use of information we may, from time to time, send you email regarding our products and services. in addition, if you indicated upon registration that you are interested in receiving offers or information from us, we may occasionally send you direct mail about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. only big 5 sporting goods or agents working on our behalf will send you these emails or direct mailings and will only do so if you have not indicated that you object to these offers. if you do not want to receive email notices or mailings from us, simply tell us when you give us your personal information. or, at any time, you can unsubscribe to these emails and mailings by editing the personal details of your account and indicating your preference to no longer receive emails and mailings. you also have choices with respect to cookies, as described below. by modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. if you choose to reject all cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our site. 6.    security of information the importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our user is of utmost concern to us. your personally identifiable information is protected in several ways. access by you to your personally identifiable information is available through a password and unique customer id selected by you. your personally identifiable information resides on a secure server that only selected big 5 sporting goods personnel, contractors and service providers have access to via password. we encrypt highly sensitive personally identifiable information, such as credit card numbers, in an effort to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to us. while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, you need to make sure that your password and computer is protected against unauthorized access. you must select a strong password, and never divulge your username or password to anyone. for additional security, you may want to change your password periodically. when using a shared computer, be sure to sign-off when finished and delete any stored personal information on the shared computer. 7.    cookies when you use our site, we will store cookies on your computer in order to facilitate and customize your use of our site. a cookie is a small data text file, which a web site stores on your computer's hard drive (if your web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. our cookies store randomly assigned user identification numbers, the country where you are located, and your first name to welcome you back to our site. the cookies make your use of the site easier, make the site run more smoothly and help us to maintain a secure site. you are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but if you do so, some parts of our site may not work properly, including your ability to add items to your shopping basket or make purchases. 8.    privacy policies of third party sites we use third party service providers to operate this website and to provide you with our services. these third party service providers include, but are not limited to, our webhosting company, order fulfillment vendors, credit card processing company, and digital marketing company. these service providers may have access to some of your information to the extent necessary to provide their services to us. except as otherwise discussed in this privacy policy, this policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. other sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. please consult each site's privacy policy. 9.    minors you must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this site. our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors who are under 18 years of age. 10.  questions if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site or your dealings with this site, please contact us by e-mail at websupport@big5corp.com or by letter to: big 5 sporting goods 2525 east el segundo boulevard el segundo, california 90245 attn: web support shopping cart cart items: 0  total: $0.00 company about big 5 careers investor relations special events vendor relations real estate sb657 compliance customer service 1-800- 898-2994 contact us store locator product recalls privacy policy save big with big 5 weekly ad specials e-team league loyalty gift cards send your favorite all-star a big 5 gift card. get social with big 5 mobile coupons big 5 sporting goods is a registered trademark of big 5 corp.