来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121231010334/http://www.big5sportinggoods.com/content/116/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy privacy policy at big 5 sporting goods help store locator join our e-team my account sign in account information wishlists logout select a store my store change location view map find in store what's this? footwearmen's footwearwool lined boots/slipperscold weather/snow bootshikingrunningtrainingwalkingbasketballtennis/courtskatecasualbaseball/softballfootballsoccertrackgolfsandals/slideswork/servicehunting bootsroller shoeswrestling women's footwearwool lined boots/slipperscold weather/snow bootshikingrunningtrainingwalkingbasketballtennis/courtcasual & workbaseball/softballsoccer cleatstracksandals/slidesroller shoes youth footwearwinter/snow bootsboy's athletic shoesgirl's athletic shoesbaseball cleatssoccer cleatsroller shoes socksshoe accessories apparelmen's snowsportsnow jackets & midlayerssnow pants & bibssnow baselayerssnow glovessnow headwear & socks women's snowsportsnow jackets & midlayerssnow pants & bibssnow baselayerssnow glovessnow headwear & socks youth snowsportsnow jacketssnow pants & bibssnow baselayerssnow glovessnow headwear & socks winter headwear & accessorieswinter glovesmen's apparelcold weather tops & vestsathletic jackets/shellsbaselayers/thermalshoodies & sweatshirtsshirts/topsathletic/fitness shirtscasual/work shirtshiking shirts boardshorts/swimwearpants & shortsathletic & sweat pantsathletic/fitness shortscasual/work pantscasual/work shortshiking shortssnow pants performance apparelrunning apparelcycling apparelgolf appareltennis apparelworkwear apparelrainwear/shells women's apparelpink gear/special interestcold weather tops & vestsathletic jacketshoodies & sweatshirtsshirts/topswomen's sleevelesswomen's tank topswomen's short sleeveswomen's long sleevescasual/lifestyle shirts sport brasswimwearpants & shortstight fit shortsloose fit athletic shortswomen's capriswomen's leggingsathletic & sweat pantscasual/lifestyle pantssnow pants baselayers/thermalsrunning apparelcycling apparelsoftball apparelyoga appareltennis apparelrainwear/shells youth apparelyouth topsyouth bottomsswimwearperformance/athletic clothing hats & headbands & accessorieswatchessunglassessocks fitnessexercise accessoriesjump ropes & fitness ropeslight exercise equipmentexercise mats & foam rollersmedicine ballsfitness ballsweighted accessoriesequipment mats & accessorieshand gripspull-up & push-up barssauna suits & waist trimmersbalance trainerstraining accessories as seen on tvyoga & pilatesresistance/full body workoutfree weightsexercise bikesweight benches & home gymsellipticals & dual trainerstreadmillsboxing/mixed martial artsboxing gloves & handwrapsprotective gear, mitts & sheildsbags and trainersboxing/mma accessories bicycles & cyclingbikeshelmets & protective gearbicycles glovesmen's cycling apparelbike accessorieswomen's cycling apparelbike maintenance & repairbike locks inversionrunningmen's running shoeswomen's running shoesmen's running apparelwomen's running apparelsport bags exercise gloves & beltsperformance measurementsport bagssports medicine outdoorscamping & hikingpacks & bagshydration backpacksbackpacksstuff/mesh bags tentssleepingcoolersflashlights & lanternscamping accessoriesbackpacking gearfuels/propanecamping foodfirst aid & survivalinsect repellent & controlnavigationoutdoor kitchenbbq setsstoves & burnerscooking accessoriesgrills, bbq's & smokerscookwaretableware water bottles archeryair gunsair guns & airsoft gunspellets & accessoriespaintball kits & markerspaintball accessories canopies & furnitureelectronicsknivesmulti-toolsclassic pocket knivesfolding knivesfixed blade knivesdrop point knivestactical knivesrescue knivesutility knifesurvival knivesbowie knivescombat knivescollectors' knivesknife sets & combosknife tin giftsknife accessoriesmachetes, axes & trail knives rainwear/shellswomen's outdoor apparelmen's outdoor apparelbicycles & cyclingbikeshelmets & protective gearbicycles glovesbike accessoriesbike maintenance & repairbike locks gold panningopticsrange findersbinoculars & monocularstelescopes & microscopesnight visionspotting scopestrail cameras travel mugs fishing & huntingfishingfishing apparelfishing reelsfishing rodsfishing kits & combosline, bait/lures & accessoriestackle boxes/bait containersinflatable boatschildren fishing huntinghunting apparelarcherysporting armsammunitionrange findersaccessoriesknivesmulti-toolsclassic pocket knivesfolding knivesfixed blade knivesdrop point knivestactical knivesrescue knivesutility knifesurvival knivesbowie knivescombat knivescollectors' knivesknife sets & combosknife tin giftsknife accessoriesmachetes, axes & trail knives hunting bootsbinoculars & monocularseye protectiongame callsgun casesgun maintenancegun restsgun safes & storagegun slingshearing protectionmagazines & clipsprotection sprayred dots & lasersrifle scopessighting inspotting scopestargets & decoys knivesmulti-toolsclassic pocket knivesfolding knivesfixed blade knivesdrop point knivestactical knivesrescue knivesutility knifesurvival knivesbowie knivescombat knivescollectors' knivesknife sets & combosknife tin giftsknife accessoriesmachetes, axes & trail knives team sportsbaseball/softballhelmets & protective geargloves/mittsbatsbat bags & backpacksbaseballs/softballsbatting glovescoaching geartraining aidsbaseball accessorieschildren starter kitsmen's apparelwomen's apparelyouth apparelmen's baseball cleatsyouth baseball cleats basketballbasketballssystems & rimssport bagsmen's apparelwomen's apparelmen's basketball shoeswomen's basketball shoesboy's athletic shoes footballfootball apparelfootballsglovesprotective gearmouthguardstraining equipmentfootball cleatsfootball accessoriessport bagssports medicine soccersoccer ballsshinguardsgoalie glovestraining equipmentcoaching & player accessoriesmen's soccer cleatswomen's soccer cleatsyouth soccer cleatsmen's apparelwomen's apparelyouth apparelsport bags volleyballlacrossewrestlingroller & ice hockeytraining equipmentpads/protective gearcoaching accessoriesathletic supportersperformance measurementsport bagssports medicine roller sportsskateboardsroller/inline skatesscootersbicycles & cyclingbikeshelmets & protective gearbicycles glovesbike accessoriesbike maintenance & repairbike locks helmets & pads games & toysoutdoor & lawn gamesremote controltoystable tennisbilliardsdartsflying discs/frisbee golf & racquetsgolfgolf setsgolf bags & single clubsgolf ballsgolf gloves & accessoriesmen's golf apparelgolf footwear tennistennis racquetstennis ballstennis accessoriessport bagsmen's tennis apparelwomen's tennis appareltennis footwear racquetballbadminton seasonalsnowshoeing & accessoriessnowsleds/snowplaysnowboardssnowboard bootssnowboard bindingssnowsport helmetssnowsport gogglessnowsport accessoriesmen's snowsport apparelsnow jackets & midlayerssnow pants & bibssnow baselayerssnow glovessnow gear accessoriessnow headwear & socks women's snowsport apparelsnow jackets & midlayerssnow pants & bibssnow baselayerssnow glovessnow gear accessoriessnow headwear & socks youth snowsport apparelsnow jacketssnow pants & bibssnow baselayerssnow glovessnow gear accessoriessnow headwear & socks winter footwearbearpaw/comfy shoesmen's winter/snow bootswomen's winter/snow bootsyouth winter/snow boots winter headwear & accessorieswater/swimmingswimming gearwetsuitsbodyboardssnorkeling gearpool toys & inflatablestowables & wakeboardsriver inflatablesinflatable boatstow ropes & life jacketsmen's swimwearwomen's swimwearyouth swimwear back-to-schooltools/winter toolslicensed products browse by brand featured brandsabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz# adidasadioair hogsairwalkaltusas seen on tvasicsavalancheaviabearpawberkleybody champbody glovebounty hunterburnsidecallawaycamelbakcamp chefcobracolemanconversecrocsdaisydaiwadenalidiadoradickiesdr. scholl'sdunlopeastonelite fitnesseverlastfamous trailsfieldlinefilafine lifefiocchiflambeaufranklingirogolden bearharbingerharshheadheelyshi-techydroslideigloointexisoundjansportjeepkentlouisville sluggermaglitemaui & sonsmizuno usamorrowmossbergmotorolanevadosnew balancenikeogiooutdoor gearoutdoor productspennquantumrapalarawlingsray-ban®razorreebokremingtonrossirussell athleticsauconyscottsevylorshimanoskecherssmith & wessonsoffespaldingspeedosportcraftsportlinestack-onstevensstigataylormadetech decktexsportthe sharper imagetimextyru.s. diversufc1080abu garciaaccudartaccutimeactiv8active ankleadidasadioaerobieaervoeaffinityaftermathags brandsaim sportsair hogsairheadairsplatairwalkalienall power americaall terrainall-starallen co.allied toolsaltusamazoneamerican trailsampac/all starand 1anderson manufacturingandy'sanexapexaqua leisureaqua spherearchstonearmoras seen on tvashworthasicsatiatlasatrauto-ordnanceavalancheaveniravexaviaaxionaxiumb-grlbaby phatbadenbahnebalancebally'sbalmshotbanzaibarbiebarnettbarskabeach feetbearpawbeemanbellbelly burnerbenelliberettaberkleybernbfcobicyclebikebirchwood caseyblackhawk!blackwaterbladerunnerblubandooblue hat toy companybody champbody glovebody powerbody riderbody rowerbody secretbody visionbodyflexbodyglidebogsbolléboneheadbosuboulder creekbounty hunterbowflexbravobridgestone golfbrinebrowningbruntonbsa opticsbsbbubbabuckbuffalo riverbulaburnsidebushnellbyer of mainec-starcaldwellcalifornia board companycalifornia innovationscalifornia scentscallawaycalpakcalypsocamelbakcamerons productscamp chefcampingazcanaricaravan canopycarharttcarolinacasiocastle baycathecavinessccicelestroncenturycentury / kay home productscentury 21champrochaoschar-broilchicagochumschurchillcitadelclub champcoastcobracoghlan'scoldprufcolemancoltcolumbuscombatcompetitorconversecoopcoppertonecosomcounter assaultcourt casualscoyotecraigcrazy creekcrktcrocscrosmancrotoncrystal rivercuddleuppetscutter & buckcyber strykecyclops solutionsd&l companydaisydaiwadalcodanielsondarkstardbrdebeerdefiancedeltademarinidemondenalidiadoradiamonddickiesdiggindisneydo-all outdoorsdolfindon allesondorcydorfmandotlinedr. scholl'sdry pakdrybranchduckduck houseduncan toysdunkmandunlopdynaflexe-forcee-z upeagle claweastoneastpoint sportsecogearecosoxektelonelite fitnesselite tacticalelk ridgeemersonempoweremscoenduranceenvirofitera proescortespnesteseverlasteveryday sportsexplorerez grilleze-lapfabrique innovationsfahrenheitfamasfamous trailsfantasmafaulks game callsfederalfield & streamfieldlinefieldline tacticalfilafine lifefine toolfiocchifireflyfirepowerfitness solutionsflambeauflameboy vs wetwillyflexible flyerfold-it & gofoot joyforever collectiblesfox 40foxriverfranklinfree societyfreestylefrogg toggs®ft tacticalfubufuelgaiamgaitgame ridergammagamogasonegatoradegci outdoorgear aidgen-xgenie bragerbergiroglacier gloveglovemategofitgold medalgold's gymgolden beachgolden beargordinigrabbergravityguardianguateman productsgyroh & k by benchmadeh&kh&rh20h2o!recreational inc.h2oldhalexhalohandy gourmetharbingerharshharvilheadheat holdershedstromheelyshelly hansenherculeshgthi-techigh pointe outdoorshigh sierrahillerich & bradsbyhkhl badmintonhoopnoticahoppeshot chilly'shot glovehot shothot wheelshoward leighthuffyhummerhumveehunterhunter danhydroslidehypehyperhyperliteibeamiglooihomeimperial toyimpeximplus sneakerballsin the zoneinderaindera millsinjinji footwearinnovaintechintexironmanislandisoflexisounditascaivankojansportjeepjef world of golfjesterjet logicjtk2ka-barkamikkan jamkangarooskatadynkedskeltykentkent ammunitionkershawkhombukiwikombikool 'n fitkorekrashkryptonicskt tapekwik tekla gearladder balllamarlanskylax-maxleathermanlegacyleupoldlife+gearlifelinelifesourcelifetimelifoamlight my firelinks choicelite'n easyliving artslondon foglouislouisville sluggerltdlube-n-walklugzlymanm&m'sm3mac sportsmacduemacgregormacksmagicmaglitemagnum researchmahco outdoorsmain streetmajestic athleticmajikmanzellamaranda enterprisesmarcymarcy clubmarikamarinesmarksmanmarlin firearmsmarvelmastermaster cutlerymaster sportsmanmasterbuiltmattelmaui & sonsmaui toysmaverickmaverikmaxammaxitmcdavidmean machinesmeridianmeyercomfsmikasa sportsmikenmillenniummiomission athletecaremistymatemitchellmitremizerakmizuno usamonacomoreymorrowmossbergmossy oakmotorolamountain housemoxiemoxie girlzmr. heatermtechmtmmuellermuk luksmustadmylecnalgenenashnauticanebonerfnevadosnew balancenew eranewportnext productsnight owlnikenite izenkokno brandnorthpaknorthpoint tradingnorthwesto'brieno2-cooloc sportsocean currentoceanooceanwaysogiookumaon the edgeonteloregon scientificorganized fishingoriginal outerwearorlimarotis technologyoutdoor capoutdoor expeditionoutdoor gearoutdoor productsoutdoor rxoutlandparadoxparisparrispautzkepenguinpenguin brandspennpepper skinsperfect curveperfect solutionsperpetual motionphitenpickleball nowpink ribbonpinnaclepinnacle sportspioneerplanopmcpocket prospoint zeropolarpolar extremepolarmaxpoorboyportalpotable aquapower balancepower biltpower propowerbilt golfpowersoxpremierprimosprincepro kennexpro orthopedicpro playerpro-lokpro-magpro-seriesproformpropelprospectorpt powerpumapunkedpure funquantumquarrowquestquik chairquikshaderally manufacturingrapalarapid dominanceraskullzrawlingsray-ban®razorready 2 fishreal avidrealmrealxgearredredfieldreebokregent sportsreliancereloadremingtonrenfrewresist-a-ballresponse gearriddellrio beachriver's edgeroddyroller derbyrossirugerrugged exposurerussell athleticrwssabresafetgardsaranacsauconysavage armssavexsawyersc productsschradeschutt sportsschwinnscore rightscottsega sonicseirussenate sinnersentryserengetiservussevylorshakespeareshaqsheldons/meppssher-woodshimanoshockshock athleticshock doctorshoreline marinesierra mountain gearsig sauersilvasilverbacksimmonsskecherssklzsmithsmith & wessonsmith'ssmith's americansno-ballersnowy creeksof solesoffesoft air usasoft stagssoftspikessolsticesona enterprisessouthbendspaldingspeedospencospetsnazspin mastersplash bombs sportssport essentialssport-brellasportcraftsportlinesportosports elitesportstarsportstuffsprisrixon®st.pierre sportsstack-onstadium athleticstaheekumstanlarstanleystansportstarterstaticstealth camstearnsstevensstigastitchesstoegerstream machinestunt studiosstunt twisterzstxsuisse sportsuperexswimlineswimwaysswiss armssykel enterprisestachikaratakaratandem sporttapouttascotaurustaylormadetech deckterminator salvationterramartervistexsportthe realmthe sharper imagethe stepthermacellthermosthompsonthorlothresholdthrustertimberlandtime visiontimextiptontitechtitleisttonkatop of the worldtoppstotal visiontotestour 2towelsafetracetraditionstrans american rubbertravelers clubtrekguide - yellowtriggerpointtriple nickeltru - forgetru-fittrumarktudor gamesturntecturtle furtytyru.s. armyu.s. diversufcumarexunder armourunicornuniqueurban ridezus athleticsus marine corpsus polo assnuzivaleovia velovibevictorinoxvivitarvoitwaltherwarm toes - bbs hosierywarriorwater sports llcweiderwengerwenzelweslowfswham-owhite flyerwhite sierrawigwamwild sportswiley x®wilsonwinchesterwingsetterwinning edgewisconsin pharmacal cowitzwolverinewordlockworld famous sportsworld industriesworthworthingtonx2oyaktraxyocaheryomegayonexyukon charlie'szebcozinkazurich adidasadioair hogsairwalkaltusas seen on tvasicsavalancheaviabearpawberkleybody champbody glovebounty hunterburnsidecallawaycamelbakcamp chefcobracolemanconversecrocsdaisydaiwadenalidiadoradickiesdr. scholl'sdunlopeastonelite fitnesseverlastfamous trailsfieldlinefilafine lifefiocchiflambeaufranklingirogolden bearharbingerharshheadheelyshi-techydroslideigloointexisoundjansportjeepkentlouisville sluggermaglitemaui & sonsmizuno usamorrowmossbergmotorolanevadosnew balancenikeogiooutdoor gearoutdoor productspennquantumrapalarawlingsray-ban®razorreebokremingtonrossirussell athleticsauconyscottsevylorshimanoskecherssmith & wessonsoffespaldingspeedosportcraftsportlinestack-onstevensstigataylormadetech decktexsportthe sharper imagetimextyru.s. diversufc home privacy policy company about history careers investor relations real estate privacy policy terms and conditions sb657 compliance contact us customer service store locator product recalls returns & exchanges help ways to save weekly ad join our e-team social networks community digital social center donations/sponsorships loyalty programs special events account create new account account log in update your account wish list e-mail preferences pricing & products pricing product recalls loyalty programs returns & exchanges gift cards gift cards privacy policy this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) applies to information collected by big 5 corp., dba big 5 sporting goods (referred to as “big 5”, “us”, or “we”), including, without limitation, through big5sportinggoods.com and through any related services, including, without limitation, interactive features, applications, widgets (defined below), blogs, social media (defined below), e-mail, in-store kiosks, and other online or wireless offerings or applications that we offer and that reference this privacy policy (together referred to as the “sites”), whether accessed via computer, handheld, mobile device or other technology (“device”). this privacy policy explains the information that we may collect when you interact with us and our sites and explains our practices with respect to that information. please read this privacy policy carefully. by accessing or using any portion of the sites, you acknowledge that this privacy policy is part of the terms of use of the sites and you agree: (1) that we and third parties (defined below) may gather your personally and non-personally identifiable information (defined below) in a manner consistent with that set forth herein; (2) that, except for audits conducted of select third parties by an independent auditor (including, without limitation, those conducted in accordance with payment card industry [“pci”] standards), third parties gathering information in connection with the sites and related services are solely responsible for their own privacy monitoring technologies, data collection methods, data distribution or sharing practices, data handling, data security, privacy policies, and opt-out policies and procedures (“privacy and data security policies”); and (3) to be bound by all of the terms and conditions contained herein. if you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use the sites. this privacy policy version is effective as of november 14, 2012. we reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time without providing you any prior notice thereof. you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review the sites and this privacy policy periodically to be aware of any modifications. your continued use of the sites after any modifications will constitute your (a) acknowledgment of the modified privacy policy, and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified privacy policy. note: for information on “your california privacy rights” under the “shine the light” act, click here 1. types of information collected in order to better provide you with our numerous services, we collect two types of information about our users: personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information, both of which are defined in detail below. our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our sites. personally identifiable information: this refers to information that identifies you specifically either by itself or in combination with other information we have collected from you and that is stored by us in the same database in a manner designed to link all such information. when you engage in certain activities on the sites, such as, without limitation, registering for e-mail promotions or notifications, participating in a contest, sweepstakes other promotion(s), or our league loyalty program, registering for an event, ordering a product, setting up a shopping cart or wish list, contacting us, sending us feedback, providing vendor sign-up information, ordering a gift card, requesting donations, interacting with social media or our investor relations services, or filling out and submitting an online form, you may provide personally identifiable information. such information may include, for example, your first and last name, shipping address, billing address, email address, telephone number, facsimile number, credit card number and expiration date and other personal identifying information. depending upon the activity you are engaging in, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory to engage in a particular activity and some as voluntary. if you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. non-personally identifiable information: this refers to information regarding you that is not personally identifiable information. we gather certain information about you based upon where you visit on the sites in several ways. this information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. for example, and without limitation, this information may include the website's uniform resource locator (“url”) that you just came from, which url you next go to, what browser you are using, your web browser software, your internet service provider’s address, the type of device used to link to the sites, your operating system, the language settings on your web browser, and your internet protocol (“ip”) address. 2. our collection methods and use of information you provide certain personally identifiable information to us when you (a) register your email address with us or register for our e-team, (b) enter sweepstakes, contests, or events sponsored by us or one of our partners, (c) send email messages to us, submit forms to us or transmit other information to us by telephone, letter or facsimile, (d) submit your credit card or other personally identifiable information when ordering and purchasing products or gift cards on our sites, (e) create a wish list or add to a shopping cart on our sites, (f) request a donation, (g) sign up for or request information from any of our investor relations services, (h) register as a vendor or provide information to any of our vendor relations services (i) interact with (e.g. by clicking, liking, commenting, sharing etc.), or post information from or via the sites to, social media on the sites, or on one of our webpages hosted on a social media, or (k) register for our league loyalty program. we may also collect information from you at other points on our sites where we either state that such information is being collected or you provide such information voluntarily or pursuant to a request or form. we primarily use your personally identifiable information to provide our services to you. we will also use personally identifiable information to provide our services to you, enhance the operation of our sites, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze sites use, improve our product and service offerings, communicate your wish lists to others (either in-store or online), and customize our sites' content, layout and services. we may use personally identifiable information to deliver information to you and to contact you regarding administrative notices. we may also use personally identifiable information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreements with you, including terms of use, terms and conditions and this privacy policy. in addition, we may also collect, or our third party content server may collect, certain non-personally identifiable information. we use your non-personally identifiable information to diagnose problems with our servers and software, to administer our sites and to gather and analyze demographic and site usage information. we may also receive personally and non-personally identifiable information from third parties who furnish services to, in connection with, or related to, the sites, including, without limitation, those “third parties” described below. 3. updating and correcting your information we believe you should have the ability to access and edit personally identifiable information that you provide to us when you sign up for an online account. you may change your personally identifiable information (but not your username) associated with your online account at any time. we encourage you to promptly update your personally identifiable information if it changes. if you are unable to access and/or change your personally identifiable information, please contact “web support” (address and email provided below). 4. user choices on collection and use of information e-team program if you agree to receive email or “special offers” from us when you sign up for an online account, sign up for our e-team, or otherwise consent to receiving email from us, we may, from time to time, send you email regarding our products and services. only big 5 sporting goods, or agents working on our behalf, will send you these emails and will only do so if you have not indicated that you object to these offers. if you do not want to receive email advertisements, simply tell us when you sign up for your online account. the option to unsubscribe may also be present in the email sent to you. if you encounter difficulties unsubscribing, please contact “web support” (address and email provided below). registries and wish lists depending on your settings, registries, wish lists, or shopping carts may be made available for viewing by others. if you create your registry, wish list, or shopping cart, and elect to make it available online (or if you are informed that your information may be online while you are setting up your registry, wish list, or shopping cart), certain of your personally and non-personally identifiable information may be accessible at big5sportinggoods.com, may be available in store, and may be available at other websites as well. options available to you you also have choices with respect to cookies, and other tracking technologies, as described below. for example, by modifying your browser preferences, and your flash player settings, you have the choice to accept cookies and flash cookies, or to reject such cookies. if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our sites. note that this may not disable other tracking technologies that we may use, including, without limitation, web beacons and embedded scripts. it may also not disable all tracking technologies utilized by third parties in connection with the sites, which (in addition to cookies) may include web beacons, widget, embedded scripts, html5, and other technologies. 5. security of information collected by us the importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our users is of utmost concern to us. your personally identifiable information collected by us is protected in several ways. access by you to your personally identifiable information is available through a password and unique customer id selected by you. your personally identifiable information collected for us resides on a secure third party server that only select big 5 sporting goods personnel, contractors and service providers have access to via password. this third party’s it controls and security processes are/will be audited on an approximately annual basis by an independent auditor. highly sensitive credit card data is encrypted by third party credit card processing company(ies) during transmission, in an effort to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted. such third party it controls and security processes are audited in compliance with pci standards. although we try to protect information that we collect and store, no program is 100% secure and there is no such thing as perfect security. as a result, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us through or in connection with our sites, that we store on our systems, or that is stored on our service providers' systems. while we try to protect the personally identifiable information that we collect, you should also take measures to protect your information. this includes ensuring that your password and computer is protected against unauthorized access. you must also select a strong password, and never divulge your username or password to anyone. for additional security, you may want to change your password periodically. when using a shared computer, be sure to sign-off when finished and delete any stored personal information on the shared computer. note: “phishing” is a scam designed to steal your personal information. if you receive an e-mail that looks like it might be from us asking for your personal information, do not respond. we would not and will not request your password, user name, credit card information, or other personal information through e-mail. 6. cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies we and/or third parties may use cookies, flash cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies to collect information about sites users and sites activity, and we and/or third parties may use this information to, among other things, serve targeted advertisements. the information collected also allows us and/or third parties to analyze how users use the sites and to track user interests, trends and patterns, thus allowing us to deliver quality service to our users. the technologies discussed below describe many of the technologies that may be used by us and/or third parties to gather information, and may not describe all such technologies utilized. information that is gathered with these, and other technologies, may be collected in a way as to render it personally identifiable and/or to associate non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information. cookies, flash cookies, and html5 when you use our sites, we and/or third parties will store cookies on your computer to facilitate and customize your use of our sites. a cookie is a small data text file, which a website stores on your computer's hard drive (if your web browser permits) that may, in certain instances, be retrieved to identify you to us, facilitate your use of the sites, make the sites run more smoothly, help us maintain sites security. our cookies may store such information as randomly assigned user identification numbers, the country where you are located, user preferences and activities, and your first name to welcome you back to our sites. third parties may utilize cookies differently. you are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but if you do so, some parts of our sites may not work properly, including your ability to add items to your shopping basket or make purchases. local shared objects or flash cookies are different from other cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. flash cookies may be set, for example, when video products are accessed on our sites. flash cookies may not necessarily be managed using the settings in your web browser. information on managing, accepting and rejecting flash cookies is available from adobe on the adobe website (http://www.adobe.com). if you set your browser or adobe flash options not to accept flash cookies or local shared objects, you may not be able to take advantage of certain services on our sites. html5 database storage is a feature designed to allow websites to locally store data on the user's computer. data locally stored in such a manner may have to be manually deleted (that is, your browser may not be able to delete such data even if it deletes cookies). we do not use html5 storage to gather information; however, third parties may. web beacons and embedded scripts the sites uses web beacons (also known as image tags or pixel tags). web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites and in emails. we and/or third parties may use web beacons or other technologies for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the sites, to monitor how users navigate the sites, to know if a particular web page was visited or if the advertisements on the sites or other websites were accessed or effective, and/or to know whether an e-mail was actually opened or whether content sent was viewed. these technical methods may involve the transmission of information directly to us and/or to a third party. we and/or third parties may use embedded scripts when you access the sites. an embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interaction with the sites, such as the links you click on. the code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the sites, and is generally deactivated or deleted thereafter. ip addresses and click-stream data we and/or third parties may collect ip addresses and/or click-stream data. an ip address is a number associated with the service through which you access the internet, like your isp (internet service provider), your company, or your university. standing alone, your ip address is not personally identifiable. at times, we also use ip addresses for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to third parties, for example regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of the sites. we may combine this information with personally identifiable information we obtain from you directly on the sites or from third parties. click-stream data is information collected by us and/or third parties’ when you request pages from the sites. click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view and other such non-personal information. when analyzed, this data helps us and/or third parties analyze how visitors arrive at the sites, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like. widgets the sites and applications accessed through it may have buttons, widgets, tools, or content that are provided by third parties or that link to third party websites (collectively “widgets”) (for example, facebook and sharethis). if you access a widget, you may be directed to a third party website. we and/or third parties may collect information about your use of widgets. in addition, third parties with widgets located on the sites may monitor the sites for the purpose of gathering sites traffic, statistics, advertisements, “click-throughs” and/or other activities. further, such third parties may utilize cookies, web beacons, and other monitoring technologies to compile and use personally and/or non-personally identifiable information and statistics about users, and/or to associate non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information. thus, when you see or interact with widgets or view sites or web page containing widgets some information may be sent from you to the third parties associated with the widgets. 7. privacy and third party services personally and/or non-personally identifiable information may be gathered by social media, analytics services, coupon services, or other third party vendors or service providers (referred to herein as “third parties” collectively, or “third party” singularly”). third parties may monitor the sites and/or their own websites for the purpose of gathering sites traffic, statistics, advertisements, “click-throughs” and/or other activities, and such third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and other monitoring technologies to compile statistics and information about users, and/or to associate non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable information. except for as otherwise provided within this privacy policy, we do not control third parties’ privacy and data security policies. third parties have their own privacy and data security policies. we recommend that you consult and familiarize yourself with such third parties’ privacy and data security policies. however, we undertake no responsibility for or on behalf of such third parties’ compliance with or accuracy of their own privacy and data security policies. the following addresses our (and not third parties) use and collection of data in connection with some of our most commonly used third parties’ services. social media services functionality on the sites (whether via widgets, cookies, your browser, browser settings or otherwise) may permit interactions between the sites and third party social media websites (e.g. facebook, twitter, etc.) (each and collectively, “social media”). when you or your browser interact with social media, interact with social media widgets, or interact or post on one of our webpages hosted on social media, that information may become public and/or known to us and social media. one of the ways you may interact with social media is when you “like” a product or other content, “share” a product or other content, or comment on a product or other content. another way is when your browser or computer communicates with widgets or with social media. by you, your computer, or your browser taking such an action, you authorize us to share, access, and/or publish information about your activity in connection with the sites and our services (such as “likes” and comments), and to access your social media information. analytics services in addition to the above, the sites uses third party “analytics services,” such as google analytics, to help analyze how you, and others, use the sites. by accessing the sites, analytics services may set and access their own cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, and other tracking technologies on your device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including personally and non-personally identifiable information. after analytics services gather information, they furnish non-personally identifiable information to us, such as internet log information and visitor behavior information. this information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the sites, to compile statistical reports on sites activity for us, and to adjust sites layout or content on our sites. promotional services functionality on the sites (whether via widgets, cookies, your browser settings or otherwise) may permit interactions between the sites and third party promotional and/or coupon hosting websites and services (e.g. yowza!!) (“promotional services”). promotional services may be hosted on another website or on our sites. promotional services may use their own tracking technology on the sites or on their own websites, such as “cookies” and “web beacons,” to collect personally and non-personally identifiable information. promotional services may provide such information to us, and to promotional services’ other clients, for marketing and further promotional purposes. we may use this data and combine it with other information we have about you to help us predict customer preferences and to direct marketing offers that might be more relevant to you. we may also obtain contact information and other marketing lead information from third parties, and may combine it with information we have to contact you or direct our marketing offers to you. other vendors’ services we generally use other third party service providers to operate the sites and to provide you with our services (or with information regarding our services). these third party service providers include, without limitation, our web hosting company, order fulfillment vendors, credit card processing company, gift card processing company, donation request processing company, companies assisting us with an event, shipping companies, webcasting company, product vendors, mapping company, and digital marketing company. these service providers may have access to some of your personally identifiable information to the extent necessary to provide our or their services to us or to you, or as you otherwise agree to on the sites. 8. release of information other than as indicated within this privacy policy, we do not sell, trade or rent your personally and/or non-personally identifiable information to others. we and our service partners use your personally and non-personally identifiable information to operate or repair our sites and to deliver our services. for example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for products purchased on the sites, and release your address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered. we may also be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information and/or non-personally identifiable to the appropriate governmental authorities. we will disclose such information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena or warrant, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. we fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in attempting to identify those who use our services for illegal activities or who may otherwise be in violation of applicable law. we reserve the right to use, disclose, or share such information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding activities that we in good faith believe to be illegal or unlawful (whether criminally or civilly unlawful), suspected fraud, potential or actual violations of our sites terms of use, and/or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or entity. 9. minors you must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use the sites. our policy is that we do not knowingly collect or permit the collection, storage, use or disclosure of personally identifiable information about visitors who are under 18 years of age. if you are a parent or guardian who knows or has discovered that your child under the age of 18 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information or other information without your consent, permission or authorization, please notify “web support” by e-mail at [email protected] or by letter to: big 5 sporting goods 2525 east el segundo boulevard el segundo, california 90245 attn: web support upon receiving such a notice, we will take steps to: (a) notify you what information may have been used and/or disclosed; and (b) remove your child’s personally identifiable information or other information from our databases, cease the use of such information, and direct any other party with access to such information to do the same. 10. questions if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of the sites or your dealings with the sites, please contact “web support” by e-mail or by letter. terms & conditions weekly ad shop by keyword shop by department -- click for departments -- accessories apparel baseball basketball boating/watersports camping / hiking cycling deck/ patio center electronics exercise fishing football footwear games golf hunting in-line skating non-sports footwear optics racquetball/squash running skateboarding soccer sunglasses telescopes/ binoculars tennis travel/ luggage volleyball shop by brand -- click for brands -- adidas adio aerobed airwalk alien sport altus american trails avia bell benelli beretta body champ body glove body power body vision bosu buffalo river bushnell camp chef champro coleman colt columbia river crosman demarini denali desert eagle dickies dr. scholl's everlast e-z up fila gamo genie bra gen-x go fit h&r harsh head heelys high sierra hi-tec humvee hunter dan keds kent kershaw kt tape la gear lifetime lugz mahco outdoors marcy marika marines maui and sons maverick mossberg motorola mueller nevados new balance nike okuma other outdoor gear powerbilt prince pro player protex quik chair quik shade rapala rawlings reebok remington response gear roller derby ruger rugged exposure russell athletic s&w saucony schrade shaq shock athletic skechers smith & wesson soft stags spalding sportline stack-on starter stiga stoeger suisse sport the realm the sharper image timex tristar turntec u.s. army u.s. polo assn. under armour valeo wenger wilson winchester world famous sports world industries big 5 gift cards! company about careers investor relations sb657 compliance *your california privacy rights customer service store locator product recalls returns & exchanges contact us ways to save weekly ad join our e-team mobile coupons community social networks donations/sponsorships loyalty program special events big 5 sporting goods® is a registered trademark of big 5 corp. privacy policy / terms of use / vendors © 2013 big 5 sporting goods. all rights reserved.