来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20141021181200/http://www.big5sportinggoods.com/content/5/terms-conditions.html
================================================================================

- where to buy at big 5 sporting goods join our e-team weekly ad store locator customer service sign inarrow down sign in now or create an account. 0 cartarrow down *************************************************** host name :-> 524355-prodapp2.big5dev.com server name :-> prod_store01 time :-> fri oct 31 06:06:12 pdt 2014 *************************************************** footwear men's footwear wool lined footwear sandals/slides running training work/service hiking basketball walking lifestyle & skate tennis/court hunting boots soccer baseball football golf casual all men's footwear buy online now women's footwear wool lined footwear sandals/slides running training walking lifestyle/casual tennis/court soccer softball all women's footwearbuy online now socks men's women's youth all socksbuy online now youth footwear sandals & water shoes wool lined boots training/running athletic basketball soccer baseball & softball football roller shoes lifestyle & skate hiking all youth footwearbuy online now cleated footwear soccer football baseball/softball track golf all cleated footwearbuy online now shoe accessories insole shoe care water repellent all shoe accessoriesbuy online now apparel men's apparel cold weather apparel boardshorts & swimming shirts/tops pants & shorts athletic jackets & hoodies performance apparel running apparel baseball apparel basketball apparel soccer apparel all men's apparel buy online now women's apparel cold weather apparel swimwear shirts/tops pants & shorts athletic jackets & hoodies performance apparel sport bras running apparel yoga apparel basketball apparel softball apparel soccer apparel all women's apparel buy online now youth apparel jackets & hoodies swimwear tops bottoms performance all youth apparelbuy online now fan shop hats & headbands cold weather gear baseball caps performance beanies outdoor hats all hats & headbands buy online now fan shop nfl ncaa mlb military all fan shop buy online now fitness fitness equipment fitness machines weights & resistance jump & fitness ropes light fitness equipment medicine & fitness balls activities boxing/mixed martial arts yoga & pilates running mixed martial arts bags & trainers boxing gloves & protective gear boxing/mma accessories all boxing & mma buy online now accessories training accessories performance measurement sports medicine sport bags outdoors camping & hiking tents sleeping packs & bags stoves & grills backpacking gear coolers all camping & hiking buy online now outdoor gear canopies & furniture electronics & accessories knives optics outdoor apparel airguns airgun accessories airsoft & paintball guns airsoft pellets bb & pellet guns paintball accessories all airguns bicycles & cycling bikes bike accessories helmets & protective gear bike maintenance & repair cycling apparel all bikes & cycling buy online now fishing & hunting fishing gear fishing kits & combos fishing reels fishing rods boats & kayaks tackle boxes & bait fishing apparel all fishing buy online now hunting gear sporting arms ammunition optics hunting boots & apparel accessories gun maintenance targets & decoys all hunting buy online now other activities archery slingshots knives folding knives tactical knives machetes & axes rescue knives classic pocket knives survival knives fixed blade all knives buy online now team sports baseball/softball baseball apparel baseball cleats bats gloves/mitts helmets & protective gear training & coaching aids baseballs/softballs bat bags & backpacks batting gloves baseball accessories all baseball/softball gear buy online now other activities volleyball lacrosse roller & ice hockey soccer soccer apparel soccer socks soccer cleats soccer balls shinguards goalie gloves training & coaching aids all soccer gear buy online now accessories sport bags training equipment sports medicine basketball basketball apparel basketball shoes basketballs sport bags systems & rims all basketball gear buy online now fan shop military mlb nfl nhl ncaa all fan shop buy online now football football apparel & socks football cleats gloves protective gear footballs training equipment accessories all football gear buy online now roller sports bicycles & cycling bikes bike accessories helmets & protective gear bike maintenance & repair cycling apparel all bicycles & cycling buy online now others roller sports skateboards roller & inline skates scooters accessories helmets & pads buy online now games & toys games outdoor & lawn games table tennis billiards darts table games toys toys remote control trampolines flying discs/frisbee golf & rackets golf golf sets golf bags & single clubs golf balls golf gloves & accessories golf shoes all golf buy online now tennis rackets tennis balls tennis accessories tennis apparel tennis footwear all tennis buy online now other racket sports racquet ball badminton seasonal water/swimming summer shoes swimwear swimming gear water sport boards boats & kayaks snorkeling gear life jackets & wetsuits towables & wakeboards pool toys & inflatables all water/swimming buy online now fan shop nfl ncaa mlb military nhl all fan shop gear buy online now other electronics school backpacks tailgating sunglasses watches browse by brand a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z # 1080180'sabove the rimabu garciaaccudartaceacmeactiv8adidasadioaerobieaervoeaffinityaftermathags brandsaim sportsairsplatairwalkalienall terrainall-starallen co.altusamazoneamerican eagleamerican trailsampac/all starand1andy'sapexaqua leisureaqua spherearmorarsenalas seen on tvasicsatiatlasaussieauto-ordnanceavalancheaveniraviaaxessaxiumb-grlbabolatbadenbagboybalancebally'sbalmshotbanzaibarnettbarskabearpawbeemanbellbenellibenjaminberettaberkleybicyclebig 5bikeblackwaterbladerunnerblowfishblubandooblue hat toy companybody champbody glovebody powerbody riderbody secretbodyglidebogsbollébosuboulder creekboulder gearbounty hunterbravobridgestone golfbrinebrowningbruntonbsa opticsbubbabuckbushnellbutler creekbyer of mainecaddis sports inccaldwellcalifornia board companycallawaycalpakcamelbakcamerons productscamp chefcanaricaravan canopycarharttcarolinacasiocastle baycatcavinesscelestroncenturycentury / kay home productscentury 21champchampionchamprochaoschb associateschefmasterchicagochumsclub champcobracoghlan'scoldprufcolemancoltcolumbusconcept greencontinental dividecosomcourt casualscoyotecrazy creekcrktcrocscrosmancrotoncrystal rivercutter & buckcyclops solutionsd&l companydacdaisydaiwadalcodallas cowboysdanskindarkstardbrdeer stagsdefiancedeltademarinidemondenalideuce branddfx sports and fitnessdgldiadoradiamonddickiesdiggindiscovery kidsdisneydmido-all outdoorsdon allesondorcydorfmandr. scholl'sdrtdry pakdrybranchduck commanderduck housedunlope-forceeagle claweartheasyeastoneastpoint sportsecogearecosoxektelonelite fitnesselite forceelk ridgeemersonempoweremscoenduranceescorteurekaeverlastexpexplorerez grillez-upeze-lapfamous trailsfaulks game callsfederalfederal cartridgefieldlinefilafine lifefiocchifireflyflambeauflexible flyerfluzzlefoot joyforever collectiblesfossilfox 40foxriverfranklinfree societyfreestylegaiamgaitgame facegammagamogasonegatoradegci outdoorgear aidgen-xgerbergiroglacier gloveglovemategmcgo gatorgofitgold medalgold's gymgolden beachgolden beargordinigrabbergravitygreat american productsguateman productsgunslickh&kh2o!recreational inc.h2oldhandy gourmetharbingerharshheadhealth riderheartbandzheat holdersheelyshello kittyhenryherculeshgthi-techi-techigh sierrahillerich & bradsbyhl badmintonholmeshoppeshot chilly'shot glovehot shothowahoward leighthumanxhumveehydroslideideaworksiglooihipiluvimperial toyimpeximplusimpulseindera millsinnovaintechintexiprotecislandisoflexisounditascaiwijakks toysjansportjef world of golfjtjungle masterk2ka-barkamikkatadynkentkent ammunitionkershawkhombukiwikool 'n fitkrashkreedkryptonicskt tapela gearlamarlamoleathermanlegendsleupoldliberty mountainlifeguardlifelinelifestyle productslifetimelifoamlight my firelinks choiceliving artslondon foglottolouisville sluggerlube-n-walklucilugzlymanm&m'sm-tech usam3mac sportsmacksmadd gearmagicmaglitemagnummagpulmahco outdoorsmajestic athleticmanzellamaranda enterprisesmarcy clubmarikamarinesmarksmanmarshallanmarvelmastermaster cutlerymaster sportsmanmaui & sonsmaui toysmaverickmcdavidmeyercomikasa sportsmillenniummissionmizerakmizuno usamonacomorrowmossbergmossy oakmotorolamountain housemr. bar-b-q, inc.mr. heatermtmmuellermuk luksnalgenenaturalizernebonerfnew balancenew eranewportnight owlnikenite izenkoknorth american healthcarenorth paknorthpoint tradingnorthsideo2-cooloc sportsocean currentoceanooceanwaysokumaoregon scientificoriginal outerwearorlimarotis technologyoutdoor capoutdoor gearoutdoor productsoutdoor rxoutersoutlandp90xpacific trailparadoxparispark & sun sportsparrispautzkepbmisterspeanutspelicanpenguin brandspenn reelspenn tennisperfect curveperfect fitnesspersonal security corp.phat farmpink ribbonpinnaclepinnacle sportspioneerplanoplano moldingpmcpolarpolar extremepolarmaxportalpotable aquapowerbilt golfpowerpropowersoxprimospro kennexpro orthopedicpro playerpro-magpro-seriespro-tec athleticsproformpropelprospectorpt powerpumapunkedpure fitnesspure funquantumquik chairquikshaderadiansrally manufacturingrapalaraskullzrawlingsray-ban®razorready 2 fishredfieldredlinereebokrekonrelianceremingtonrenewrenfrewresponse gearrevellriddellriorio ammunitionriver's edgerj sportsroddyroller derbyrossirugerrugged exposurerussellrussell athleticrwssabresafetgardsaranacsauconysavage armssavexsawyersc productsschutt sportsscore rightscottseaguarseirussentryserengetiservussevylorshakespeareshaqsher-woodshimanoshock athleticshock doctorshoreline marinesierra mountain gearsig sauersilvasilverbacksimmonsskecherssklzsmartshakesmith & wessonsmith'ssnowy creeksof solesoffesoft air usasoft stagssoftspikessogsoladynesolsticesona enterprisessouthbendspaldingspeedospencospibeltspiderwiresport essentialssportlinesportosports elitesportspowersportstarsprisrixon®st.pierre sportsstack-onstaheekumstanlarstanleystansportstarterstaticsteinerstevensstigastoegerstream machinestunt studiosstxsuisse sportsurvivorswimlineswimwaysswiss armssynctachikaratakaratandem sporttangletapouttaylormadetech deckteenage mutant ninja turtlesteeterterramartexsportthe realmthe sharper imagethe stepthermosthinktank technologythorlothresholdtimextiptontitleisttonetoppstotestour 2tournament collectiontpstracetraditionstriggerpointtru - forgetru-fittrumarkturntecturtle furtwinkle toestytyru.s marinesu.s. armyu.s. diversu.s. militaryufcumarexunder armourunicornuniqueus athleticsus navyus polo assnuzivaleovapur, inc.vectorventure productsvestergaard-frandsenvia velovictorinoxwalkerswar inc.warriorwater gremlinwater sports llcweatherproofweiderwengerwenzelweslowestern chiefwfswham-owhite flyerwickedwild sportswilsonwinbestwinchesterwingsetterwisconsin pharmacal cowitzwolverinewordlockworld famous sportsworld industriesworthworthingtonwrist armorwtd apparelx2oyaktraxyomegayonexyoyofactoryyukon charlie'sz-shadezebcozensahzume company about history careers investor relations real estate sb657 compliance ca privacy rights copyright policy privacy policy terms of service customer service contact us store locator order status customer service returns product recalls ways to save weekly ad join our e-team social networks community digital social center helpful hints donations & sponsorships loyalty programs special events home > terms of service terms of service welcome to the big 5 corp. (“big 5”) website located at www.big5sportinggoods.com (the “site”). please read these terms of service (the “terms”) carefully because they govern your use of our site and our services accessible via our site. to make these terms easier to read, the site, and our services are collectively called the “services”. agreement to terms by using our services, you agree to be bound by these terms. if you don’t agree to these terms, do not use the services. changes to terms or services we may modify the terms at any time, in our sole discretion. if we do so, we will let you know either by posting the modified terms on the site or through other communications. it’s important that you review the terms whenever we modify them because if you continue to use the services after we have posted modified terms on the site, you are indicating to us that you agree to be bound by the modified terms. if you don’t agree to be bound by the modified terms, then you may not use the services anymore. because our services are evolving over time, we may modify, change or discontinue all or any part of the services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion. who may use the services eligibility you may use the services only if you are 18 years or older and capable of forming a binding contract with big 5 and are not barred from using the services under applicable law. registration and your information if you want to use certain features of the services, including making a wishist, you’ll have to create an account (“account”). you can do this via the site. it’s important that you provide us with accurate, complete and up-to-date information for your account and you agree to update such information, as needed, to keep it accurate, complete and up-to-date. if you don’t, we might have to suspend or terminate your account. you agree that you won’t disclose your account password to anyone and you’ll notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account. you’re responsible for all activities that occur under your account, whether or not you know about them. feedback whether you are an account holder or a visitor (each, a “user”), we welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the services (“feedback”). you can submit feedback by emailing us at [email protected]. you grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the feedback for any purpose. privacy policy please refer to our privacy policy for information on how we collect, use and disclose information from our users. merchandise availability we cannot guarantee the availability of the merchandise listed on our site or that merchandise will always be in stock. if merchandise is not available by the time we are processing your order, we will notify you via the e-mail you provided when setting up your account or making a purchase. we will send you a shipping confirmation via e-mail once the merchandise you purchase has shipped. all prices displayed via the services are quoted in u.s. dollars, unless otherwise indicated. please note that while we have tried to accurately display the colors of products, the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor and may not be accurate. for the products and/or services available via our services, certain descriptions (such as approximate measurements and/or colors) are provided for convenience only and may not accurately represent the product and/or service in question. the risk of loss and title for items purchased by you pass to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier. please see our online customer service policy for more information. content and content rights for purposes of these terms: (i) “content” means information or other materials that are posted, generated, provided or otherwise made available through the services, including but not limited to text, graphics, images, software, videos, or works of authorship of any kind; and (ii) “user content” means any content that you (whether you are an account holder or a visitor) provide to be made available through the services, including but not limited to any opinions expressed by you. content includes without limitation user content. content ownership, responsibility and removal big 5 does not claim any ownership rights in any user content and nothing in these terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit your user content. subject to the foregoing, big 5 and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the services and content, including all associated intellectual property rights. you acknowledge that the services and content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the united states and foreign countries. you agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the services or content. rights in user content granted by you by making any user content available through services you hereby grant to big 5 a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicenseable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, modify (for formatting purposes only), publicly display, publicly perform and distribute copies of all or any portion of your user content in connection with operating and providing the services and content to you and other users. you are solely responsible for all your user content. you represent and warrant that you own all your user content or you have all rights that are necessary to grant us the license rights in your user content under these terms. you also represent and warrant that neither your user content, nor your use and provision of your user content to be made available through the services, nor any use of your user content by big 5 on or through the services will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation. any opinion provided by our users is that of the user expressing such an opinion and does not reflect the opinion of big 5. rights in content granted by big 5 subject to your compliance with these terms, big 5 grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and view the content solely in connection with your permitted use of the services and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes. general prohibitions and big 5’s enforcement rights you agree not to do any of the following: post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any content that: (i) infringes, misappropriates or violates a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; (iii) is fraudulent, false, misleading or deceptive; (iv) is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive; (v) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; (vi) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or (vii) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances. use, display, mirror or frame the services or any individual element within the services, big 5’s name, any big 5 trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without big 5’s express written consent; access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the services, big 5’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of big 5’s providers; attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of any big 5 system or network or breach any security or authentication measures; avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by big 5 or any of big 5’s providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the services or content; attempt to access or search the services or content or download content from the services through the use of any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by big 5 or other generally available third-party web browsers; send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, email, junk mail, spam, chain letters or other form of solicitation; use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a big 5 trademark, logo url or product name without big 5’s express written consent; use the services or content, or any portion thereof, for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third party or in any manner not permitted by these terms; forge any tcp/ip packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the services or content to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; >attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the services or content; interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the services; collect or store any personally identifiable information from the services from other users of the services without their express permission; impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; violate any applicable law or regulation; or encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing. although we’re not obligated to monitor access to or use of the services or content or to review or edit any content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the services, to ensure compliance with these terms, and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. we reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any content to be objectionable or in violation of these terms. we have the right to investigate violations of these terms or conduct that affects the services. we may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law. we also reserve the right to refuse services to any user and/or may require verification of information prior to the acceptance or shipment of any order. dmca/copyright policy big 5 respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same. it is big 5’s policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances account holders who repeatedly infringe the rights of copyright holders. please see big 5’s copyright and ip policy for further information. links to third party websites or resources the services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. these other sites and parties are not under our control, and you acknowledge that we are not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such sites. we provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the content, products or services on or available from those websites or resources or links displayed on such websites. you acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party websites or resources. international use although this site may be accessible worldwide, we make no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the united states. those who choose to access this site from locations outside the united states do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. we currently do not ship products or gift cards offered for sale on this site outside of the united states. any offer for any product, service, promotion and/or information made in connection with this site is void where prohibited. compliance with laws the sale, use and/or possession of certain products offered for sale on this site may be subject to local laws, rules, regulations or other enforcement (“local laws”). by purchasing any product you are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with applicable local laws and you represent and warrant to us that the sale, use and possession of such product shall comply with all applicable local laws. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you represent and warrant that your age and the age of the person receiving the shipment each equals or exceeds the minimum age of persons permitted by local laws to buy, use and/or possess such product. in the event that we believe that any applicable local laws may be violated, we reserve the right to cancel or refuse any sale. termination we may terminate your access to and use of the services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you. upon any termination, discontinuation or cancellation of services or your account, all provisions of these terms which by their nature should survive will survive, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, limitations of liability, and dispute resolution provisions. warranty disclaimers the services, materials and content provided in connection with the services are provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind. your use of the services and/or purchase of any products is at your own risk. without limiting the foregoing, we explicitly disclaim any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment or non-infringement, and any warranties arising out of course of dealing or usage of trade. all products and/or services purchased on or through the site and via the services are subject only to any applicable warranties of their respective manufacturers, distributors and/or suppliers (if any). we make no warranty that the products and/or services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. we make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any content, including but not limited to the availability and/or pricing of products or services sold via the services. indemnity you will indemnify, defend and hold big 5, its affiliates and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers, consultants and vendors (collectively, the “big 5 parties”), harmless from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ and accounting fees and costs arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to or use of the services or content, (ii) your user content, (iii) violation of local laws, and/or (iv) your violation of these terms. limitation of liability none of the big 5 parties nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the services or content will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data or goodwill, service interruption, computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute services arising out of or in connection with these terms or from the use of or inability to use the services or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal theory, and whether or not any big 5 party has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you. in no event will the big 5 parties’ total liability arising out of or in connection with these terms or from the use of or inability to use the services or content exceed the amounts you have paid to big 5 for use of the services or content or, if you have not had any payment obligations to big 5, one hundred dollars ($100). if you have a problem with the services, you agree that your sole remedy is to cease using the services. if there is a problem with a product you have purchased through the services, you agree that your sole remedy is (i) from the manufacturer of such product in accordance with that manufacturer’s warranty (if any) or (2) to seek a return and refund for such product in accordance with our refund & exchange policy. the exclusions and limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between big 5 and you. dispute resolution governing law these terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the state of california without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. agreement to arbitrate you and big 5 agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the services or content (collectively, “disputes”) will be settled by binding arbitration, except that each party retains the right: (i) to bring an individual action in small claims court and (ii) to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights (the action described in the foregoing clause (ii), an “ip protection action”). the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any ip protection action will be the state and federal courts located in the central district of california and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts. you acknowledge and agree that you and big 5 are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding. further, unless both you and big 5 otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. if this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this “dispute resolution” section will be deemed void. except as provided in the preceding sentence, this “dispute resolution” section will survive any termination of these terms. arbitration rules the arbitration will be administered by the american arbitration association (“aaa”) in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules and the supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes (the “aaa rules”) then in effect, except as modified by this “dispute resolution” section. (the aaa rules are available at www.adr.org/arb_med or by calling the aaa at 1-800-778-7879.) the federal arbitration act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this section. arbitration process a party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a written demand for arbitration as specified in the aaa rules. (the aaa provides a form demand for arbitration at http://www.adr.org/aaa/showpdf?doc=adrstg_004175 and a separate form for california residents at http://www.adr.org/aaa/showpdf?doc=adrstg_015822.) the arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law and will be selected by the parties from the aaa’s roster of arbitrators. if the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within seven (7) days of delivery of the demand for arbitration, then the aaa will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the aaa rules. arbitration location and procedure unless you and big 5 otherwise agree, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. if your claim does not exceed $10,000, then the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of the documents that you and big 5 submit to the arbitrator, unless you request a hearing or the arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary. if your claim exceeds $10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by the aaa rules. subject to the aaa rules, the arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a reasonable exchange of information by the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration. arbitrator’s decision the arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the aaa rules. the arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. the arbitrator’s award of damages must be consistent with the terms of the “limitation of liability” section above as to the types and amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable. the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim. if you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable law. big 5 will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law to recover, attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration. fees >your responsibility to pay any aaa filing, administrative and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the aaa rules. however, if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000, big 5 will pay all such fees unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in your demand for arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in federal rule of civil procedure 11(b)). changes notwithstanding the provisions of the “changes to terms or services” section above, if big 5 changes this “dispute resolution” section after the date you first accepted these terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to [email protected]) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “last updated” date above or in the date of big 5’s email to you notifying you of such change. by rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between you and big 5 in accordance with the provisions of this “dispute resolution” section as of the date you first accepted these terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these terms). general terms these terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between big 5 and you regarding the services and content, and these terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between big 5 and you regarding the services and content. if for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these terms invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these terms will remain in full force and effect. you may not assign or transfer these terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without big 5’s prior written consent. any attempt by you to assign or transfer these terms, without such consent, will be null. big 5 may freely assign or transfer these terms without restriction. subject to the foregoing, these terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. any notices or other communications provided by big 5 under these terms, including those regarding modifications to these terms, will be given: (i) via email; or (ii) by posting to the services. for notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted. big 5’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. the waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of big 5. except as expressly set forth in these terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these terms or otherwise. in addition to any excuse provided by applicable law, we shall be excused from liability for non-delivery or delay in delivery of products and services available through our services arising from any event beyond our reasonable control, whether or not foreseeable, including, but not limited to, labor disturbance, war, fire, accident, adverse weather, inability to secure transportation, governmental act or regulation, and other causes or events beyond our reasonable control, whether or not similar to those which are enumerated above. contact information if you have any questions about these terms or the services, please contact big 5 at [email protected] company about careers investor relations sb657 compliance ca privacy rights copyright policy customer service contact us store locator order status customer service returns product recalls ways to save weekly ad join our e-team facebook pinterest twitter instagram yowza community social networks helpful hints donations & sponsorships loyalty programs special events big 5 sporting goods® is a registered trademark of big 5 corp. privacy policy| terms of service| vendors watch video close your browser does not support the video tag.