来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101224023207/http://www.burpee.com/vegetables/tomatoes/
================================================================================

tomato plants and seeds - beefsteak, cherry, heirloom tomatoes at burpee seeds top sign in | my account | customer service | order status | catalog quick shop | gift cards burpee seeds and plants home vegetables tomatoes remove tomato seeds and plants burpee tomato seeds and plants are easy to grow, rewarding and versatile in the kitchen. select below from the solid and meaty beefsteak tomato, the small and succulent cherry tomato, the traditional heirloom tomato, and the guaranteed certified organic tomato.  garden ready tomato plants ship at proper planting time for your zone. choose a type of tomato: beefsteak cherry paste saladette slicer heirloom tomatoes garden ready tomato plants all tomatoes see all... beefsteak beefsteak tomatoes are large, juicy tomatoes perfect for eating fresh from the harvest. beefsteaks are typically wide tomatoes, but the more round types have a sweeter flavor. quick view tomato, brandy boy hybrid a huge pink beefsteak tomato with incredible heirloom flavor and very high yields quick view tomato, porterhouse hybrid the greatest extra-large beefsteak tomato we've ever bred. quick view tomato, orange wellington smooth, orange heavyweight tomato is plump with firm, dense, meaty, nearly seedless flesh. quick view tomato, giant pink belgium heirloom. a succulent and enormous dark pink tomato quick view tomato, burpees supersteak hybrid our favorite super size tomato - most fruits weigh 2 lbs. quick view tomato, brandywine pink heirloom. dating to 1885, this heirloom wins most flavor contests. see all... see all... cherry pearly round or plum-shaped, tangy or sweet, red or gold, cherry tomatoes top off summer salads, sweeten party trays, and treat the kids. cherry tomato plants ship in spring at proper planting time. quick view tomato, patio princess hybrid perfectly sized, petite tomato plants for patio containers. quick view tomato, honeybunch as sweet as honey! quick view tomato, italian ice hybrid cooling, melt-in-your-mouth taste sensation! quick view tomato, super sweet 100 hybrid scarlet, cherry-sized fruits are produced in long clusters right up to frost. quick view tomato, sun gold hybrid rapidly becoming the most popular cherry tomato of all time. quick view tomato, black pearl hybrid two different flavors in one tomato! see all... see all... paste try growing these burpee paste tomato seeds and plants to use in cooking your next spaghetti sauce or soup. quick view tomato, big mama hybrid the new standard in home grown paste tomatoes. enormous! quick view tomato, golden mama hybrid the first golden-yellow sauce tomato. quick view tomato, tangerine mama hybrid full of intriguing flavor with a hint of delicious tang. quick view tomato, little mama grape-like clusters of perfect mini roma tomatoes. quick view tomato, amish paste organic heirloom excellent tomato for sauces! quick view tomato, viva italia hybrid the best tomato for soups and ketchup. see all... see all... saladette saldette tomatoes are best for salsas and salads. like paste tomatoes, you can also use them to make sauce. quick view tomato, cherry roma plum-cherry fruits bursting with sweet flavor. quick view tomato, ensalada hybrid take a close look at this little delicacy - small, meaty fruits that make perfect salad slices. quick view tomato, fresh salsa a gourmet garden breakthrough. quick view tomato, health kick hybrid packed full of flavor and lycopene,an antioxidant that may counter free radicals. quick view tomato, roma organic the classic sauce and paste tomato. certified organic. see all... see all... slicer slicer tomato seeds and plants are great hybrids that produce heavy yields of delicious, extra-tasty fruits. quick view tomato, sweet seedless hybrid the world's first seedless tomato! quick view tomato, fourth of july hybrid the first tomato to ripen by independence day! quick view tomato, tye-dye hybrid breakthrough bicolor gold and red tomato with heirloom flavor. quick view tomato, big pink flavor-packed standout tomato with rosy smooth skin. quick view tomato, supertasty hybrid rich, tangy flavored tomato, extremely juicy, solid texture. quick view tomato, big beef hybrid extra large, 10-12 oz., red tomatoes are firm, juicy and highly flavored. see all... see all... heirloom tomatoes burpee's heirloom tomatoes are proven to have an aroma, flavor and freshness money can't buy. garden ready heirloom tomato plants ship at proper planting time for your growing zone. quick view tomato, black krim heirloom. medium-sized, very dark maroon beefsteak, with wonderfully rich flavor. quick view tomato, brandywine pink heirloom. dating to 1885, this heirloom wins most flavor contests. quick view tomato, cherokee purple heirloom. its flavor is rich and full, and often compared to brandywine. quick view tomato, giant pink belgium heirloom. a succulent and enormous dark pink tomato quick view tomato, mortgage lifter heirloom. legendary, huge beefsteak consistently wins taste-tests. quick view tomato, yellow pear heirloom. enormous number of yellow bite-sized fruits. see all... see all... garden ready tomato plants burpee's tomato plants are perfect for home gardens. plant beefsteak, cherry and heirloom tomatoes directly into your garden. quick view tomato, brandy boy hybrid a huge pink beefsteak tomato with incredible heirloom flavor and very high yields quick view tomato, black truffle hybrid a sweet, strong, complex flavored tomato that is hard to beat. quick view tomato, sweet seedless hybrid the world's first seedless tomato! quick view tomato, brandywine pink heirloom. dating to 1885, this heirloom wins most flavor contests. quick view tomato, patio princess hybrid perfectly sized, petite tomato plants for patio containers. quick view tomato, big mama hybrid the new standard in home grown paste tomatoes. enormous! see all... see all... all tomatoes browse our complete list of tomato seeds and plants that add aroma, flavor and freshness to every home garden. quick view tomato collection, burpee's sampler four of our best and most popular tomatoes. quick view tomato collection, burpee's hall of fame burpee's unbeatable roster of all-star tomatoes. quick view tomato, heirloom taste collection 4 different gourmet tomato plants quick view tomato collection, burpee's hot our four favorites of beefsteak, paste, saladette and cherry. quick view tomato, best of show collection our favorite recent introductions for the true tomato connoisseur. quick view tomato, sweet seedless hybrid the world's first seedless tomato! see all... growing info our experts suggest recipes articles growing calendar how to sow tomatoes how to feed tomatoes warmth tomato supports how to grow tomatoes harvesting tomatoes tomatoes growing calendar growing calendars are based on location and growing zone.enter your zip to see a calendar for your area: how to sow tomatoes warm climate gardeners may direct-sow tomato seeds outdoors. sow seeds 30 to 48 inches apart in a row with the rows spaced 48 inches apart. growing your tomatoes too close together in your home vegetable garden will only increase the chance of disease. for earlier harvests, sow indoors 6-8 weeks before the last frost in your area. how to feed tomatoes use slow release fertilizer pellets at planting time to nourish young tomato plants. tomatoes demand lots of fertility once the fruit sets, but too much early in the season will grow a large plant but with fewer tomatoes. warmth to reduce transplant shock and retain warmth, use wall o' water plant protectors at planting time. these devices will protect the tomato plants in your home garden from early cold spells and the drying effects of wind. tomato supports for maximum tomato yields always stake or cage your tomato plants. emerging fruits will benefit from improved air circulation and less ground pest problems. how to grow tomatoes tomato plants need even watering to prevent blossom end rot. water thoroughly but not too often (twice per week should suffice at first) and try to water early in the day so that plants will dry off before evening. this helps to reduce disease problems. using drip or soaker hose irrigation is the best idea. water is used more efficiently this way and the leaves don't get wet. mulching can help to insure an even supply of moisture is available to the tomato plant. try putting down a layer of newspaper 5 to 10 sheets thick between the rows (soak the papers in water first, so they won't blow away) and then cover the newspapers with dry grass clippings, bark mulch, etc. something new in mulches is burpee's red mulch. it's a reflective material that works like black plastic to warm the soil early in the season, and it increases production of top quality early tomatoes. harvesting tomatoes tomato & vegetable blossom set spray speeds harvest and increases yields. all-natural, ready to use spray-on has biological grow power to promote blossom set and fruit development. nearly every blossom will produce faster, larger, meatier fruit - ripening up to 3 weeks earlier! determinate tomato plants ripen a heavy crop over a few weeks. indeterminate varieties bear fruit continuously till frost. remember that the days to harvest refers to the time from setting out transplants in the garden. pick tomatoes regularly to avoid overloading plants. we also suggest these gardening products and ideas. quick view tomato cage buy this product qty 91801 - 3 cages $34.50 95001 - 2 extenders $28.25 quick view wall o water 3/pack buy this product qty 85985 - 1 pkg. of 3 $12.50 quick view reflective red mulch film buy this product qty 91900 - 4' x 30' mulch $19.95 92106 - 4' x 100' $36.75 98378 - 3' x 3' pre cut sheets (8 sheets) $12.50 fresh tomato salsa recipe fresh salsa can be made just before serving with chips or as a condiment for a main course.read more... pea saute with poached eggs recipe try our sweet seedless tomato and mr big pea in this fantastic dish.read more... view all... top 10 tomato solutions as summer heats up, vegetable gardeners wait anxiously for the first tomatoes to ripen, sun-warmed and sweet.  read more... tomato tips follow our easy tips and tricks to grow tomato plants and you'll have plenty of perfect summer tomatoes!read more... all about tomatoes fruiting crops, including tomatoes, need full sun most of the day for good production of quality fruit.read more... search site: personalize your site: enter your zip code read our home gardening tips visit burpee's "how to's" or the "get your garden growing" section to find answers to all of your home gardening questions. close enter your zip code to customize your experierce. tomato varieties beefsteak (18) cherry (21) saladette (5) paste (7) slicer (22) long keeper/winter storage (1) specialty tomatoes (3) narrow your search new for 2010 (10) customer favorites (31) burpee exclusive (40) heirloom (17) organic (8) form seed (82) plant (47) fruit bearing indeterminate (60) determinate (20) seasonality mid season (63) early season (13) late season (7) fruit weight 0-6 ounces (50) 7-15 ounces (32) 16-32 ounces (17) 2-4 pounds (6) color red (52) yellow (8) orange (7) pink (7) purple (6) black (3) bicolor (1) green (1) white (1) resistant to disease (18) vegetablesseeds & plants indoor sow seeds tomatoes garden ready vegetable plants flowersseeds & plants amaryllis bedding flowers cut flowers garden ready flower plants perennialsseeds & plants shade perennials sun perennials border perennials herbsseeds & plants herb kits container herbs herb plants heirloomsseeds & plants all heirloom vegetables all heirloom flowers heirloom tomatoes fruit plants strawberry plants blueberry plants raspberry plants grapes organics cover crops organic vegetables organic gardening supplies seed starting grow kits grow lights gardeningsupplies gifts wreaths and greens retailerida4b383cd view brandburpee category vegetables>tomatoes