来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229141429/http://www.burpee.com/mixandmatch
================================================================================

mix and match important: you are using an old browser. you will not be able to checkout using this browser for data security reasons. please use another browser or upgrade this one to continue. read more. now accepting spring 2017 plant orders! click here for our shipping schedule. skip to content my grow zone: 6 sign in e-mail newsletter menu vegetables flowers perennials herbs heirloom fruit organics gardening supplies garden advice & how-to my grow zone: 6 sign in e-mail newsletter customer service: 1 (800) 888-1447 search catalog simplesearch.searchlabel search cart 0 holiday gift guide seed startingcontainer gardeningcustomer favoriteseasy to growmix & match catalog navigation vegetables flowers perennials herbs heirloom fruit organics gardening supplies garden advice & how-to your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. burpee seeds and plants home mix and match mix and match garden ready plants 3 plants for only $19.95! create your own custom 3-pack combination of herbs and vegetables. my grow zone: 6 plants begin shipping week of: may 01, 2017 3 plants for only $19.95 add selected to cart tomatoes peppers eggplants herbs all tomatoes peppers eggplants herbs all 74 products tomato, gladiator hybrid short description a champion ‘roma’ tomato with unbeatable vigor, flavor, aroma and yield. add to mix & match bundle tomato, burpee's big boy® hybrid short description one of the greatest tomatoes of all time and still a best seller. add to mix & match bundle tomato, porterhouse hybrid short description the greatest extra-large beefsteak tomato we've ever bred. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sweet seedless hybrid short description the world's first seedless tomato! add to mix & match bundle tomato, big mama hybrid short description enormous size and flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sun gold hybrid short description rapidly becoming the most popular cherry tomato of all time. add to mix & match bundle tomato, tye-dye hybrid short description breakthrough bicolor gold and red tomato with heirloom flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, napa grape hybrid short description beats all other tomatoes in our taste tests. add to mix & match bundle tomato, big beef hybrid short description extra large, 10-12 oz., red tomatoes are firm, juicy and highly flavored. add to mix & match bundle tomato, brandy boy hybrid short description a huge pink beefsteak tomato with incredible heirloom flavor and very high yields. add to mix & match bundle tomato, big daddy hybrid short description bred from the all-time great ‘big boy' with improved disease resistance. add to mix & match bundle tomato, brandywine pink short description dating back to 1885, this heirloom wins most flavor contests. add to mix & match bundle tomato, fresh salsa hybrid short description a gourmet garden breakthrough. add to mix & match bundle tomato, yellow pear short description heirloom. enormous number of yellow bite-sized fruits. add to mix & match bundle tomato, burpee's supersteak hybrid short description our favorite super size tomato - most fruits weigh 2 lbs. add to mix & match bundle tomato, bush early girl hybrid short description extra-large, extra-early tomatoes that grow on a true bush. add to mix & match bundle tomato, fourth of july hybrid short description the first tomato to ripen by independence day! add to mix & match bundle tomato, patio princess hybrid short description perfectly sized, petite tomato plants for patio containers. add to mix & match bundle tomato, oh happy day hybrid short description super disease-resistant with sweet and acidic flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, maglia rosa short description italian cherry tomato with full rich flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, chef's choice pink hybrid short description tasty beefsteak with excellent disease resistance. add to mix & match bundle tomato, supersauce hybrid short description the world's largest sauce tomato! add to mix & match bundle tomato, jersey boy hybrid short description fantastic hybrid of brandywine and rutgers. add to mix & match bundle tomato, steakhouse hybrid short description meet the biggest tomato ever bred. add to mix & match bundle tomato, summer girl hybrid short description earlier than early girl with larger fruit and improved yields. add to mix & match bundle tomato, super sweet 100 hybrid short description scarlet, cherry-sized tomatoes produce long clusters right up to frost. add to mix & match bundle tomato, baby boomer hybrid short description perfect for the patio. big bumper crops of delicious cherry tomatoes. add to mix & match bundle tomato, steak sandwich hybrid short description the tastiest and most succulent sandwich slicer tomato ever. add to mix & match bundle tomato, orange wellington short description burpee exclusive—smooth, orange heavyweight tomato. add to mix & match bundle tomato, bushsteak hybrid short description now grow beefsteak tomatoes in a container. as featured in "the best of fine gardening" magazine, summer 2005 . add to mix & match bundle tomato, honey delight hybrid short description a taste test winner in fordhook trials, the uniform 4-ounce fruit grow prolifically on the vine. add to mix & match bundle tomato, cherokee purple heirloom short description heirloom. its flavor is rich and full—often compared with brandywine. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sunchocola hybrid short description sweet, smoky flavored cherry tomato. very productive. add to mix & match bundle tomato, bush big boy hybrid short description our classic big boy has been made better, especially for small-space gardeners. add to mix & match bundle tomato, cloudy day hybrid short description thrives in cool weather! early and late blight resistant too. add to mix & match bundle tomato, italian ice short description cooling, melt-in-your-mouth tomato taste sensation. add to mix & match bundle tomato, mighty sweet hybrid short description our first determinate grape tomato. add to mix & match bundle tomato, honey bunch hybrid short description as sweet as honey. add to mix & match bundle tomato, cherry punch hybrid short description tops for taste and nutrition with 30% more vitamin c than an average tomato. add to mix & match bundle tomato, mountain magic short description the most disease-resistant tomato we've ever seen. add to mix & match bundle tomato, chef’s choice orange hybrid short description all-america selections award winner. add to mix & match bundle tomato, health kick hybrid short description packed full of flavor and lycopene. add to mix & match bundle tomato, mr. stripey heirloom short description pretty, sweet-tasting 1 lb. fruits with a high sugar content. add to mix & match bundle tomato, black krim short description heirloom. medium-sized, very dark maroon beefsteak, with wonderfully rich flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sunrise bumble bee short description deliciously sweet and tangy. add to mix & match bundle tomato, better boy hybrid short description huge, tasty, red tomatoes, many 1 lb. each. add to mix & match bundle tomato, tasti lee™ hybrid short description bred for vine-ripe harvest and superb flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, big rainbow short description heirloom. what an astonishing feast for the eyes! add to mix & match bundle tomato, razzle dazzle short description the best tomato we've grown for silky smooth texture and balanced flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, riesentraube short description heirloom cherry tomato from germany produces huge clusters of 20-40 richly flavored fruits. add to mix & match bundle tomato, gardener's delight short description heirloom. our favorite cherry! bright red, bite-size, extra sweet fruits are full of flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, green envy short description green when ripe, these sweet 1" long cherries fruit in abundance on indeterminate plants. add to mix & match bundle tomato, solar power hybrid short description sweet, succulent fruits have more than three times the beta-carotene of other tomatoes. add to mix & match bundle tomato, power pops hybrid short description snack size tomatoes loaded with nutrients! add to mix & match bundle tomato, amish paste short description acorn-shaped wisconsin heirloom: for paste, as a slicer, and in sauces. add to mix & match bundle tomato, mortgage lifter short description heirloom. legendary, huge beefsteak consistently wins taste-tests. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sweet zen hybrid short description bright-red mini-cherries bursting with sweetness. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sweet tangerine hybrid short description gorgeously golden and astonishingly sweet. add to mix & match bundle tomato, bloody butcher short description rich heirloom flavor and ready in only 8 weeks. add to mix & match bundle tomato, carmelita hybrid short description with pedigree in the most flavorful french heirloom varieties. add to mix & match bundle tomato, cherry baby hybrid short description tomatoes bursting with sweetness, light, and a tingly-tangy ‘pop’ add to mix & match bundle tomato, red lightning hybrid short description irresistible flavor and brilliant electric coloring. add to mix & match bundle tomato, super italian paste short description reddish-orange italian heirloom with piquant, firm, meaty flesh. add to mix & match bundle tomato, patty's yellow striped beefsteak short description an improved heirloom with richer, fuller flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, umamin hybrid short description deliciously bold, smoky, savory flavor. highly disease resistant. add to mix & match bundle tomato, snow white short description uncommonly delicious white cherry tomato with sweet fruity flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, patio paste hybrid short description bold, full flavor with dense flesh and few seeds. add to mix & match bundle tomato, ladybug hybrid short description sweet, full-flavored beauties. add to mix & match bundle tomato, supertasty hybrid short description the name says it all! a favorite at our taste trials every year. add to mix & match bundle tomato, rosella hybrid short description gourmet cherry tomato every bit as beautiful as it is tasty. add to mix & match bundle tomato, delizia hybrid short description incredibly delicious sweet flavor. exceptional vigor and disease resistance. add to mix & match bundle tomato, hungarian heart short description hungarian heirloom for fresh eating, roasting, sauces, and canning. add to mix & match bundle tomato, lemon drop short description our best tasting yellow mini tomatoes. add to mix & match bundle tomato, madame marmande hybrid short description broad-shouldered, juicy, succulent french beefsteak loaded with rich flavor. add to mix & match bundle 51 products pepper, hot, dragon roll hybrid short description favored in japanese cuisine for mild heat and smokey, sweet flavor. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, sweet thing short description sweet cayenne peppers without the heat. rich, smoky flavor. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, great stuff hybrid short description a colossal stuffer at 7" long and 5" wide, ripens from green to dark red. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, flavorburst hybrid short description beating out hundreds of other peppers for taste, flavor, and beauty. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, biker billy hybrid short description a blazingly hot jalapeno-the hottest we've ever tasted. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, big daddy hybrid short description gigantic. gorgeous. great tasting. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, poblano (ancho) short description loads of mildly pungent, 4" heart-shaped fruits that ripen from dark green to deep red. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, gold standard hybrid short description the biggest and best golden-yellow pepper ever. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, tabasco short description small, very hot peppers that lend the kick to the famous hot sauce. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, mighty stuff hybrid short description big, beautiful italian pepper up to 7" long by 5" wide! add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, candy apple hybrid short description we are sweet on this glorious bell pepper and its sweet, mild flesh. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, california wonder short description heirloom. the standard bell pepper add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, big guy hybrid short description the biggest jalapeño we've ever seen! add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet. long tall sally hybrid short description italian frying pepper loaded with sweet flavor. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, cabernet hybrid short description deliciously sweet peppers with extra fruity flavor. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, big boss man hybrid short description big and bold with sensational flavor and just-right mild heat. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, born to be mild hybrid short description jalapeño flavor without the heat! add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, good as gold hybrid short description extremely tasty, savory and robust. very productive. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, thunderbolt hybrid short description huge marconi sweet peppers are a marvel for flavor and texture add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, cherry stuffer hybrid short description compact plants produce loads of stuffable, grillable peppers. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, nikita hybrid short description loaded with bold, bright flavor and crispness. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, tangerine dream short description the look is hot but the flavor is not! add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, blazing banana hybrid short description early ripening hot pepper with heirloom flavor and big yields. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, chinese giant short description heirloom. burpee introduced this first of the truly giant bells in 1900. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, the godfather hybrid short description a classic italian grilling pepper. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, cheyenne hybrid short description cayenne-type peppers balance sweetness and heat. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, lemon short description heirloom. from ecuador, as hot as any cayenne, but with a truly unique flavor. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, block party hybrid short description one great big blocky bell, measuring 4 x 4 delicious inches. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, hot daddy hybrid short description hot daddy is the new, hotter version of lovably sweet big daddy. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, sublime hybrid short description sweet and early-maturing with a summer-long harvest. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, sweet heat hybrid short description sweet and hot with 65% higher vitamin c than average peppers. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, salsa delight short description just enough heat to add interest to your favorite salsa recipe. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, zavory short description the first ever habanero with mild heat! add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, bush belle hybrid short description compact plants are perfect for containers. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, pepperoncini italian short description delicious peppers perfect for pickling. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, fish short description an african-american heirloom pepper that's one of the prettiest, tastiest peppers you'll ever meet. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, large cherry short description heavy crops of round red hot peppers. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, corno di toro short description multi-talented italian heirloom: delicious raw, fried, stuffed or grilled. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, orange sun short description sweet 4-5" fruits. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, piquillo short description piquant but not hot. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, dragon cayenne short description five times hotter than jalapeño, fire-breathing ‘dragon’ adds flame and flavor to mexican and asian dishes. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, hungarian cheese orange short description great variety for stuffing and serving. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, hungarian cheese red short description great variety for stuffing and serving. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, hungarian cheese yellow short description great variety for stuffing and serving. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, lemon dream short description flavor-charged explosion of super-bright yellow 3” sweet peppers. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, dancing spirits hybrid short description the prettiest hot peppers we've seen. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, tastemaker hybrid short description verstatile pepper is great fresh or cooked and dehydrates wonderfully as well! add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, serrano chili short description small, finger-shaped, hot peppers picked green or red. easy to dry. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, costa rican hybrid short description unique fruity sweetness, more flavor than any bell pepper. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, yummy short description as sweet as an apple. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, savour hybrid short description compact plants abound with sweet blonde, orange, yellow, red, and purple peppers. add to mix & match bundle 10 products eggplant, patio baby hybrid short description early-yielding all-america selection, perfect for patios. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, black beauty short description heirloom. from 1902, it remains a standard worldwide for large-fruited black eggplant. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, purple rain hybrid short description the oval fruits are wine-purple streaked with creamy white. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, early midnight hybrid short description early, nearly seedless fruits are a gourmet treat inside and out. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, shooting stars short description an excellent choice for containers, the garden or both. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, rosa bianca short description italian heirloom favorite. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, crescent moon short description all white with delicate flavor! add to mix & match bundle eggplant, louisiana long green short description high-yielding flavor rich southern heirloom with light green skin and nutty white flesh. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, meatball hybrid short description the meatiest, tastiest, flavorfulest eggplant ever. a virtuoso of versatility. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, fairy tale hybrid out of stock short description little jewels of delicious creamy flavor. great for containers! 66 products herb, turmeric short description infuses curry with peppery flavor and ultra-vivid yellow-orange color. add to mix & match bundle herb, sesame short description sesame seeds add nutty flavor and fragrance. add to mix & match bundle herb, coffee short description grow your own coffee beans! add to mix & match bundle tarragon, mexican short description mexican tarragon stands up to the heat of summer. add to mix & match bundle basil, pesto party hybrid short description our favorite italian basil for making pesto. aromatic and packed with flavor. add to mix & match bundle basil, summerlong short description breakthrough french basil is tasty, prolific and unstoppable, producing all summer long. add to mix & match bundle herb, mint, ginger short description finely chopped leaves are a colorful, flavor-booster. add to mix & match bundle rosemary short description fragrant leaves flavor meats, poultry and potatoes. add to mix & match bundle parsley, plain short description plain, flat, deeply cut dark green leaves with more pronounced flavor than extra curled dwarf. add to mix & match bundle thyme, common short description aromatic leaves season meats, poultry, stews, sauces, soups and dressings. add to mix & match bundle basil, genovese short description the best basil for italian pesto. add to mix & match bundle cilantro, calypso short description the slowest cilantro to bolt available. add to mix & match bundle basil, san remo short description aromatic and flavorful, produces all summer into the cool days of fall. add to mix & match bundle oregano, greek short description widely used in italian dishes. add to mix & match bundle stevia, honeydip short description the sweetest sugar substitute ever. add to mix & match bundle dill, mammoth short description seeds flavor pickles; leaves enhance salads, soups, omelets and vegetables. add to mix & match bundle herb, lemongrass short description a key ingredient in asian cuisine. add to mix & match bundle chives, common short description cut leaves for salads, potatoes, soups. add to mix & match bundle herb, sage short description used in sausages, poultry, meat, bread, dressings, vegetables, omelets and stuffing. add to mix & match bundle chives, garlic short description flavor is midway between garlic and onion. add to mix & match bundle basil, pesto perpetuo short description a masterpiece of flavor and form! add to mix & match bundle basil, christmas short description basil lovers will delight in this new basil's heady, magical thai flavor. add to mix & match bundle mint, orange short description green leaves tinged with red are used in teas, salads and iced drinks add to mix & match bundle cilantro/coriander short description use pungent leaves (cilantro) in asian and mexican dishes. add to mix & match bundle mint, peppermint short description purple-tinged leaves are used in teas and iced drinks add to mix & match bundle verbena, lemon short description lemon-scented leaves are used in teas and to flavor cold drink, fish, poultry, salads, and salad dressings add to mix & match bundle basil, lemon short description lemony aroma and flavor. add to mix & match bundle basil, round midnight short description a garden attention-getter. add to mix & match bundle oregano, hot & spicy short description green foliage is spicier than italian oregano. used in salsa and chili dishes add to mix & match bundle fennel, orion short description compact plants with classic fennel taste. add to mix & match bundle rosemary, barbeque short description for gardeners who like to cook out. add to mix & match bundle basil, persian short description all america selections award winner with the spice of thai basil. add to mix & match bundle herb, sweet marjoram short description use fresh or dried leaves in salads, dressings, meat, sausage, lamb dishes, beans and soups. add to mix & match bundle marjoram, za’atar short description one the traditional fines herbs of france. add to mix & match bundle chamomile, flore pleno short description lights up hot, dry areas with fragrant white double blooms. add to mix & match bundle oregano, cleopatra short description all-america selections award winner. add to mix & match bundle chives, garlic geisha short description a chive flavored with the perfect taste of garlic. add to mix & match bundle rosemary, tuscan blue short description glossy green leaves, bright blue flower, and a strong upright habit. add to mix & match bundle rosemary, arp short description one of the most fragrant of all. very easy to grow. add to mix & match bundle sage, pineapple short description pineapple-scented leaves to infuse cold drinks, fruit salads and more add to mix & match bundle herb, patchouli short description large fragrant leaves are used in potpourri, oils, and incense. add to mix & match bundle rosemary, prostrates short description trailing form works well as a ground cover or in hanging baskets add to mix & match bundle sage, dwarf short description foot-tall plants are ideal for containers and small spaces. add to mix & match bundle mint, peppermint chocolate short description leaves add peppermint-patty flavor to teas, ice cream, and iced drinks add to mix & match bundle lavender, munstead short description grey foliage and lavender-blue flowers. add to mix & match bundle cilantro, vietnamese short description leaves are used in salads and to flavor meats. add to mix & match bundle oregano, italian short description great for drying and cooking add to mix & match bundle mexican culantro, common short description this cilantro relative, sometimes called 'saw tooth mint' is a staple in many caribbean and latin dishes. add to mix & match bundle savory, winter short description fragrant, green foliage is used to flavor beans, meats, and marinades. add to mix & match bundle lavender, sweet short description green, notched leaves with purple flowers; great for crafts and potpourri. add to mix & match bundle tarragon, french short description a cook's favorite for use in salad dressings, egg dishes, sauces, and flavoring meat dishes. add to mix & match bundle mint, pineapple short description this variety stands out in the garden for its beautiful green and white variegation. add to mix & match bundle mint, peppermint variegated short description dark green leaves with cream variegation. delicious and tasty. add to mix & match bundle curry, common short description silver leaves are wonderfully ornamental and exude pungent scents of curry. add to mix & match bundle basil, boxwood short description tight mounds of small basil leaves that resemble boxwood plants. add to mix & match bundle herb, thyme lemon short description green leaves with a lemony fragrance are used to flavor fish, chicken, and vegetables add to mix & match bundle basil, leaf green short description the biggest basil leaves we've ever seen. add to mix & match bundle basil, serrata short description spicy flavor and unique serrated basil leaves. add to mix & match bundle herb, eucalyptus gunii 'silverdrop' short description delightfully scented plant can be harvested whole or one branch at a time. add to mix & match bundle rosemary, spice island short description full-bodied flavor and fragrance set this one apart. add to mix & match bundle herb, wintergreen short description native evergreen groundcover with edible fruit and striking foliage and flowers. add to mix & match bundle parsley, krausa short description tops for taste! highly ornamental, and great for garnishing, too. add to mix & match bundle mint, spearmint short description leaves impart flavor to iced drinks, sauces, vegetables and lamb. add to mix & match bundle chive, cha cha chive out of stock short description the amazing chive that grows mini chive heads. cat grass out of stock short description fast-growing treat for cats. 201 products tomato, gladiator hybrid short description a champion ‘roma’ tomato with unbeatable vigor, flavor, aroma and yield. add to mix & match bundle tomato, burpee's big boy® hybrid short description one of the greatest tomatoes of all time and still a best seller. add to mix & match bundle tomato, porterhouse hybrid short description the greatest extra-large beefsteak tomato we've ever bred. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sweet seedless hybrid short description the world's first seedless tomato! add to mix & match bundle tomato, big mama hybrid short description enormous size and flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sun gold hybrid short description rapidly becoming the most popular cherry tomato of all time. add to mix & match bundle tomato, tye-dye hybrid short description breakthrough bicolor gold and red tomato with heirloom flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, napa grape hybrid short description beats all other tomatoes in our taste tests. add to mix & match bundle tomato, big beef hybrid short description extra large, 10-12 oz., red tomatoes are firm, juicy and highly flavored. add to mix & match bundle tomato, brandy boy hybrid short description a huge pink beefsteak tomato with incredible heirloom flavor and very high yields. add to mix & match bundle tomato, big daddy hybrid short description bred from the all-time great ‘big boy' with improved disease resistance. add to mix & match bundle tomato, brandywine pink short description dating back to 1885, this heirloom wins most flavor contests. add to mix & match bundle tomato, fresh salsa hybrid short description a gourmet garden breakthrough. add to mix & match bundle tomato, yellow pear short description heirloom. enormous number of yellow bite-sized fruits. add to mix & match bundle tomato, burpee's supersteak hybrid short description our favorite super size tomato - most fruits weigh 2 lbs. add to mix & match bundle tomato, bush early girl hybrid short description extra-large, extra-early tomatoes that grow on a true bush. add to mix & match bundle tomato, fourth of july hybrid short description the first tomato to ripen by independence day! add to mix & match bundle tomato, patio princess hybrid short description perfectly sized, petite tomato plants for patio containers. add to mix & match bundle tomato, oh happy day hybrid short description super disease-resistant with sweet and acidic flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, maglia rosa short description italian cherry tomato with full rich flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, chef's choice pink hybrid short description tasty beefsteak with excellent disease resistance. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, dragon roll hybrid short description favored in japanese cuisine for mild heat and smokey, sweet flavor. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, sweet thing short description sweet cayenne peppers without the heat. rich, smoky flavor. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, great stuff hybrid short description a colossal stuffer at 7" long and 5" wide, ripens from green to dark red. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, flavorburst hybrid short description beating out hundreds of other peppers for taste, flavor, and beauty. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, biker billy hybrid short description a blazingly hot jalapeno-the hottest we've ever tasted. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, big daddy hybrid short description gigantic. gorgeous. great tasting. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, poblano (ancho) short description loads of mildly pungent, 4" heart-shaped fruits that ripen from dark green to deep red. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, gold standard hybrid short description the biggest and best golden-yellow pepper ever. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, tabasco short description small, very hot peppers that lend the kick to the famous hot sauce. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, mighty stuff hybrid short description big, beautiful italian pepper up to 7" long by 5" wide! add to mix & match bundle eggplant, patio baby hybrid short description early-yielding all-america selection, perfect for patios. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, black beauty short description heirloom. from 1902, it remains a standard worldwide for large-fruited black eggplant. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, purple rain hybrid short description the oval fruits are wine-purple streaked with creamy white. add to mix & match bundle herb, turmeric short description infuses curry with peppery flavor and ultra-vivid yellow-orange color. add to mix & match bundle herb, sesame short description sesame seeds add nutty flavor and fragrance. add to mix & match bundle herb, coffee short description grow your own coffee beans! add to mix & match bundle tarragon, mexican short description mexican tarragon stands up to the heat of summer. add to mix & match bundle basil, pesto party hybrid short description our favorite italian basil for making pesto. aromatic and packed with flavor. add to mix & match bundle basil, summerlong short description breakthrough french basil is tasty, prolific and unstoppable, producing all summer long. add to mix & match bundle herb, mint, ginger short description finely chopped leaves are a colorful, flavor-booster. add to mix & match bundle tomato, supersauce hybrid short description the world's largest sauce tomato! add to mix & match bundle tomato, jersey boy hybrid short description fantastic hybrid of brandywine and rutgers. add to mix & match bundle tomato, steakhouse hybrid short description meet the biggest tomato ever bred. add to mix & match bundle tomato, summer girl hybrid short description earlier than early girl with larger fruit and improved yields. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, candy apple hybrid short description we are sweet on this glorious bell pepper and its sweet, mild flesh. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, california wonder short description heirloom. the standard bell pepper add to mix & match bundle tomato, super sweet 100 hybrid short description scarlet, cherry-sized tomatoes produce long clusters right up to frost. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, big guy hybrid short description the biggest jalapeño we've ever seen! add to mix & match bundle tomato, baby boomer hybrid short description perfect for the patio. big bumper crops of delicious cherry tomatoes. add to mix & match bundle tomato, steak sandwich hybrid short description the tastiest and most succulent sandwich slicer tomato ever. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet. long tall sally hybrid short description italian frying pepper loaded with sweet flavor. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, early midnight hybrid short description early, nearly seedless fruits are a gourmet treat inside and out. add to mix & match bundle tomato, orange wellington short description burpee exclusive—smooth, orange heavyweight tomato. add to mix & match bundle tomato, bushsteak hybrid short description now grow beefsteak tomatoes in a container. as featured in "the best of fine gardening" magazine, summer 2005 . add to mix & match bundle tomato, honey delight hybrid short description a taste test winner in fordhook trials, the uniform 4-ounce fruit grow prolifically on the vine. add to mix & match bundle rosemary short description fragrant leaves flavor meats, poultry and potatoes. add to mix & match bundle tomato, cherokee purple heirloom short description heirloom. its flavor is rich and full—often compared with brandywine. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sunchocola hybrid short description sweet, smoky flavored cherry tomato. very productive. add to mix & match bundle tomato, bush big boy hybrid short description our classic big boy has been made better, especially for small-space gardeners. add to mix & match bundle tomato, cloudy day hybrid short description thrives in cool weather! early and late blight resistant too. add to mix & match bundle parsley, plain short description plain, flat, deeply cut dark green leaves with more pronounced flavor than extra curled dwarf. add to mix & match bundle tomato, italian ice short description cooling, melt-in-your-mouth tomato taste sensation. add to mix & match bundle thyme, common short description aromatic leaves season meats, poultry, stews, sauces, soups and dressings. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, cabernet hybrid short description deliciously sweet peppers with extra fruity flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, mighty sweet hybrid short description our first determinate grape tomato. add to mix & match bundle tomato, honey bunch hybrid short description as sweet as honey. add to mix & match bundle tomato, cherry punch hybrid short description tops for taste and nutrition with 30% more vitamin c than an average tomato. add to mix & match bundle basil, genovese short description the best basil for italian pesto. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, big boss man hybrid short description big and bold with sensational flavor and just-right mild heat. add to mix & match bundle tomato, mountain magic short description the most disease-resistant tomato we've ever seen. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, born to be mild hybrid short description jalapeño flavor without the heat! add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, good as gold hybrid short description extremely tasty, savory and robust. very productive. add to mix & match bundle cilantro, calypso short description the slowest cilantro to bolt available. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, thunderbolt hybrid short description huge marconi sweet peppers are a marvel for flavor and texture add to mix & match bundle basil, san remo short description aromatic and flavorful, produces all summer into the cool days of fall. add to mix & match bundle tomato, chef’s choice orange hybrid short description all-america selections award winner. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, cherry stuffer hybrid short description compact plants produce loads of stuffable, grillable peppers. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, nikita hybrid short description loaded with bold, bright flavor and crispness. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, tangerine dream short description the look is hot but the flavor is not! add to mix & match bundle tomato, health kick hybrid short description packed full of flavor and lycopene. add to mix & match bundle oregano, greek short description widely used in italian dishes. add to mix & match bundle tomato, mr. stripey heirloom short description pretty, sweet-tasting 1 lb. fruits with a high sugar content. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, blazing banana hybrid short description early ripening hot pepper with heirloom flavor and big yields. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, shooting stars short description an excellent choice for containers, the garden or both. add to mix & match bundle stevia, honeydip short description the sweetest sugar substitute ever. add to mix & match bundle tomato, black krim short description heirloom. medium-sized, very dark maroon beefsteak, with wonderfully rich flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sunrise bumble bee short description deliciously sweet and tangy. add to mix & match bundle dill, mammoth short description seeds flavor pickles; leaves enhance salads, soups, omelets and vegetables. add to mix & match bundle herb, lemongrass short description a key ingredient in asian cuisine. add to mix & match bundle chives, common short description cut leaves for salads, potatoes, soups. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, chinese giant short description heirloom. burpee introduced this first of the truly giant bells in 1900. add to mix & match bundle tomato, better boy hybrid short description huge, tasty, red tomatoes, many 1 lb. each. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, the godfather hybrid short description a classic italian grilling pepper. add to mix & match bundle tomato, tasti lee™ hybrid short description bred for vine-ripe harvest and superb flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, big rainbow short description heirloom. what an astonishing feast for the eyes! add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, cheyenne hybrid short description cayenne-type peppers balance sweetness and heat. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, rosa bianca short description italian heirloom favorite. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, lemon short description heirloom. from ecuador, as hot as any cayenne, but with a truly unique flavor. add to mix & match bundle herb, sage short description used in sausages, poultry, meat, bread, dressings, vegetables, omelets and stuffing. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, block party hybrid short description one great big blocky bell, measuring 4 x 4 delicious inches. add to mix & match bundle chives, garlic short description flavor is midway between garlic and onion. add to mix & match bundle basil, pesto perpetuo short description a masterpiece of flavor and form! add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, hot daddy hybrid short description hot daddy is the new, hotter version of lovably sweet big daddy. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, sublime hybrid short description sweet and early-maturing with a summer-long harvest. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, sweet heat hybrid short description sweet and hot with 65% higher vitamin c than average peppers. add to mix & match bundle basil, christmas short description basil lovers will delight in this new basil's heady, magical thai flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, razzle dazzle short description the best tomato we've grown for silky smooth texture and balanced flavor. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, salsa delight short description just enough heat to add interest to your favorite salsa recipe. add to mix & match bundle tomato, riesentraube short description heirloom cherry tomato from germany produces huge clusters of 20-40 richly flavored fruits. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, zavory short description the first ever habanero with mild heat! add to mix & match bundle mint, orange short description green leaves tinged with red are used in teas, salads and iced drinks add to mix & match bundle cilantro/coriander short description use pungent leaves (cilantro) in asian and mexican dishes. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, crescent moon short description all white with delicate flavor! add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, bush belle hybrid short description compact plants are perfect for containers. add to mix & match bundle tomato, gardener's delight short description heirloom. our favorite cherry! bright red, bite-size, extra sweet fruits are full of flavor. add to mix & match bundle mint, peppermint short description purple-tinged leaves are used in teas and iced drinks add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, pepperoncini italian short description delicious peppers perfect for pickling. add to mix & match bundle verbena, lemon short description lemon-scented leaves are used in teas and to flavor cold drink, fish, poultry, salads, and salad dressings add to mix & match bundle basil, lemon short description lemony aroma and flavor. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, fish short description an african-american heirloom pepper that's one of the prettiest, tastiest peppers you'll ever meet. add to mix & match bundle basil, round midnight short description a garden attention-getter. add to mix & match bundle oregano, hot & spicy short description green foliage is spicier than italian oregano. used in salsa and chili dishes add to mix & match bundle fennel, orion short description compact plants with classic fennel taste. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, large cherry short description heavy crops of round red hot peppers. add to mix & match bundle rosemary, barbeque short description for gardeners who like to cook out. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, corno di toro short description multi-talented italian heirloom: delicious raw, fried, stuffed or grilled. add to mix & match bundle basil, persian short description all america selections award winner with the spice of thai basil. add to mix & match bundle herb, sweet marjoram short description use fresh or dried leaves in salads, dressings, meat, sausage, lamb dishes, beans and soups. add to mix & match bundle tomato, green envy short description green when ripe, these sweet 1" long cherries fruit in abundance on indeterminate plants. add to mix & match bundle tomato, solar power hybrid short description sweet, succulent fruits have more than three times the beta-carotene of other tomatoes. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, louisiana long green short description high-yielding flavor rich southern heirloom with light green skin and nutty white flesh. add to mix & match bundle marjoram, za’atar short description one the traditional fines herbs of france. add to mix & match bundle chamomile, flore pleno short description lights up hot, dry areas with fragrant white double blooms. add to mix & match bundle tomato, power pops hybrid short description snack size tomatoes loaded with nutrients! add to mix & match bundle oregano, cleopatra short description all-america selections award winner. add to mix & match bundle chives, garlic geisha short description a chive flavored with the perfect taste of garlic. add to mix & match bundle tomato, amish paste short description acorn-shaped wisconsin heirloom: for paste, as a slicer, and in sauces. add to mix & match bundle tomato, mortgage lifter short description heirloom. legendary, huge beefsteak consistently wins taste-tests. add to mix & match bundle rosemary, tuscan blue short description glossy green leaves, bright blue flower, and a strong upright habit. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sweet zen hybrid short description bright-red mini-cherries bursting with sweetness. add to mix & match bundle rosemary, arp short description one of the most fragrant of all. very easy to grow. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, orange sun short description sweet 4-5" fruits. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, meatball hybrid short description the meatiest, tastiest, flavorfulest eggplant ever. a virtuoso of versatility. add to mix & match bundle sage, pineapple short description pineapple-scented leaves to infuse cold drinks, fruit salads and more add to mix & match bundle herb, patchouli short description large fragrant leaves are used in potpourri, oils, and incense. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, piquillo short description piquant but not hot. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, dragon cayenne short description five times hotter than jalapeño, fire-breathing ‘dragon’ adds flame and flavor to mexican and asian dishes. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, hungarian cheese orange short description great variety for stuffing and serving. add to mix & match bundle tomato, sweet tangerine hybrid short description gorgeously golden and astonishingly sweet. add to mix & match bundle rosemary, prostrates short description trailing form works well as a ground cover or in hanging baskets add to mix & match bundle sage, dwarf short description foot-tall plants are ideal for containers and small spaces. add to mix & match bundle mint, peppermint chocolate short description leaves add peppermint-patty flavor to teas, ice cream, and iced drinks add to mix & match bundle lavender, munstead short description grey foliage and lavender-blue flowers. add to mix & match bundle cilantro, vietnamese short description leaves are used in salads and to flavor meats. add to mix & match bundle tomato, bloody butcher short description rich heirloom flavor and ready in only 8 weeks. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, hungarian cheese red short description great variety for stuffing and serving. add to mix & match bundle oregano, italian short description great for drying and cooking add to mix & match bundle tomato, carmelita hybrid short description with pedigree in the most flavorful french heirloom varieties. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, hungarian cheese yellow short description great variety for stuffing and serving. add to mix & match bundle mexican culantro, common short description this cilantro relative, sometimes called 'saw tooth mint' is a staple in many caribbean and latin dishes. add to mix & match bundle tomato, cherry baby hybrid short description tomatoes bursting with sweetness, light, and a tingly-tangy ‘pop’ add to mix & match bundle tomato, red lightning hybrid short description irresistible flavor and brilliant electric coloring. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, lemon dream short description flavor-charged explosion of super-bright yellow 3” sweet peppers. add to mix & match bundle savory, winter short description fragrant, green foliage is used to flavor beans, meats, and marinades. add to mix & match bundle tomato, super italian paste short description reddish-orange italian heirloom with piquant, firm, meaty flesh. add to mix & match bundle tomato, patty's yellow striped beefsteak short description an improved heirloom with richer, fuller flavor. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, dancing spirits hybrid short description the prettiest hot peppers we've seen. add to mix & match bundle lavender, sweet short description green, notched leaves with purple flowers; great for crafts and potpourri. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, tastemaker hybrid short description verstatile pepper is great fresh or cooked and dehydrates wonderfully as well! add to mix & match bundle tarragon, french short description a cook's favorite for use in salad dressings, egg dishes, sauces, and flavoring meat dishes. add to mix & match bundle tomato, umamin hybrid short description deliciously bold, smoky, savory flavor. highly disease resistant. add to mix & match bundle mint, pineapple short description this variety stands out in the garden for its beautiful green and white variegation. add to mix & match bundle mint, peppermint variegated short description dark green leaves with cream variegation. delicious and tasty. add to mix & match bundle curry, common short description silver leaves are wonderfully ornamental and exude pungent scents of curry. add to mix & match bundle tomato, snow white short description uncommonly delicious white cherry tomato with sweet fruity flavor. add to mix & match bundle tomato, patio paste hybrid short description bold, full flavor with dense flesh and few seeds. add to mix & match bundle pepper, hot, serrano chili short description small, finger-shaped, hot peppers picked green or red. easy to dry. add to mix & match bundle tomato, ladybug hybrid short description sweet, full-flavored beauties. add to mix & match bundle tomato, supertasty hybrid short description the name says it all! a favorite at our taste trials every year. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, costa rican hybrid short description unique fruity sweetness, more flavor than any bell pepper. add to mix & match bundle basil, boxwood short description tight mounds of small basil leaves that resemble boxwood plants. add to mix & match bundle herb, thyme lemon short description green leaves with a lemony fragrance are used to flavor fish, chicken, and vegetables add to mix & match bundle basil, leaf green short description the biggest basil leaves we've ever seen. add to mix & match bundle tomato, rosella hybrid short description gourmet cherry tomato every bit as beautiful as it is tasty. add to mix & match bundle basil, serrata short description spicy flavor and unique serrated basil leaves. add to mix & match bundle herb, eucalyptus gunii 'silverdrop' short description delightfully scented plant can be harvested whole or one branch at a time. add to mix & match bundle rosemary, spice island short description full-bodied flavor and fragrance set this one apart. add to mix & match bundle tomato, delizia hybrid short description incredibly delicious sweet flavor. exceptional vigor and disease resistance. add to mix & match bundle herb, wintergreen short description native evergreen groundcover with edible fruit and striking foliage and flowers. add to mix & match bundle parsley, krausa short description tops for taste! highly ornamental, and great for garnishing, too. add to mix & match bundle mint, spearmint short description leaves impart flavor to iced drinks, sauces, vegetables and lamb. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, yummy short description as sweet as an apple. add to mix & match bundle tomato, hungarian heart short description hungarian heirloom for fresh eating, roasting, sauces, and canning. add to mix & match bundle tomato, lemon drop short description our best tasting yellow mini tomatoes. add to mix & match bundle pepper, sweet, savour hybrid short description compact plants abound with sweet blonde, orange, yellow, red, and purple peppers. add to mix & match bundle tomato, madame marmande hybrid short description broad-shouldered, juicy, succulent french beefsteak loaded with rich flavor. add to mix & match bundle eggplant, fairy tale hybrid out of stock short description little jewels of delicious creamy flavor. great for containers! chive, cha cha chive out of stock short description the amazing chive that grows mini chive heads. cat grass out of stock short description fast-growing treat for cats. join our communities share your inspiration twitter facebook instagram pinterest youtube garden time download burpee's new app request a catalog buy a gift card join our email list special offers, discounts, and new products. > get to know burpee about us careers non gmo company history learn garden advice center ask a gardener gardening videos encyclopedia policies privacy policy return policy customer service contact us my account shipping information catalog quick shop gift cards frequently asked questions visa mastercard discover amex paypal © 2016 w. atlee burpee & co. all rights reserved. privacy & security site map