来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101231002210/http://www.providentmetals.com/terms.html
================================================================================

terms and conditions we detected that your javascript seem to be disabled. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. invest in silver, gold and platinum - buy online now! for your futureorder by phone 877-429-87907am - 5pm central time category navigation: bullion wholesale bullion gold us american gold eagles american gold buffaloes proof american gold eagles modern us commemoratives $20 liberty & saint double eagles $10 liberty & indian eagles $5 liberty and indian half eagles $2.5 liberty & indian quarter eagles foreign canadian gold maples south african gold krugerrands chinese gold pandas austrian gold philharmonics mexican gold pesos european gold coins australian perth mint gold cuban gold pesos other foreign gold private mint pamp suisse credit suisse engelhard other private mint silver us silver bullion american silver eagles 2011 san francisco silver eagles america the beautiful 5 oz silver coins pcgs & ngc certified silver eagles proof silver eagles 90% silver us coins 40% silver us coins & 35% war nickels us silver dollars modern silver commemorative dollars foreign silver bullion canadian silver maples chinese silver pandas austrian silver philharmonics kookaburras | australian perth mint koalas | australian perth mint other australian perth mint mexican silver libertads & pesos silver britannias private mint silver bullion fractional silver rounds (1/2, 1/4, 1/10 ozt) 1 ozt silver rounds 1 ozt silver bars 2 ozt silver rounds 5 ozt silver bars & rounds 10 ozt silver bars 20 ozt silver bars 50 ozt silver bars 100 ozt silver bars 1 kilo silver platinum us platinum american platinum eagles foreign platinum canadian platinum maples australian perth mint platinum private mint platinum pamp suisse platinum bars credit suisse platinum bars engelhard platinum palladium palladium bars russian palladium palladium maple leaf private mint palladium copper fractional copper 1/4 oz avdp 1 oz copper rounds 1 oz copper bars 1/2 pound copper bars 1 pound copper bars 1 kilo copper bars zinc 2011 bullion us mint australian perth mint chinese pandas royal canadian mint us coins rare coins 2011 us mint products pre '33 us gold $20 gold double eagles $20 liberty double eagles $20 saint gaudens double eagles $10 gold eagles $10 liberty eagles $10 indian eagles $5 gold half eagles $5 liberty half eagles $5 indian half eagles $2 1/2 gold quarter eagles $2 1/2 liberty quarter eagles $2 1/2 indian quarter eagles us silver coins 90% silver us coins silver dollars morgan silver dollars peace silver dollars gsa dollars eisenhower dollars susan b. anthony dollars silver halves barber half dollars walking liberty half dollars franklin half dollars kennedy half dollars silver quarter barber quarters standing liberty quarters silver dimes barber dimes mercury dimes us half dimes & nickels half dimes nickels liberty nickels buffalo nickels jefferson nickels us cents cents liberty head large cents flying eagle cents indian head copper cents lincoln wheat cents two, three & twenty cent pieces two cent pieces three cent nickels us commemoratives early commemoratives commemorative half dollars $1 gold commemoratives modern commemoratives half dollar commemoratives $1 silver commemoratives $5 gold commemoratives $10 gold commemoratives us proof & mint sets us proof sets clad proof sets 1999-2011 silver proof sets 1999-2011 proof sets 1968-1998 silver proof sets 1992-1998 silver proof sets 1955-1964 premier silver proof sets 1992-1998 prestige proof sets mint sets early mint sets 1947-1964 special mint sets 1965-1967 mint sets 1968-1998 modern mint sets 1999-2011 ira bullion ira basics gold ira us foreign private mint silver ira us foreign private mint platinum ira us foreign private mint palladium ira foreign palladium bars foreign coins canadaian coins chinese coins british coins mexican coins haitian coins russian coins african coins central & south american coins european coins bulk foreign coins australian coins paper currency us currency large size legal tender silver certificates gold certificates federal reserve bank notes federal reserve notes treasury notes national bank notes small size legal tender notes silver certificates gold certificates federal reserve bank notes federal reserve notes wwii emergency issues national bank notes foreign currency canada great britain mexico russia world war ii era other africa other asia other central & south america other europe other far east other middle east other oceania supplies coin supplies coin tubes silver dollar american eagle america the beautiful 5 oz presidential & sacagawea dollar half dollar tubes quarter tubes dime tubes nickel tubes penny tubes silver round tubes austrian philharmonic tubes canadian maple tubes coin holders & flips air-tites flips snap-tite snaplocks h.e. harris frosty cases us mint gift boxes canvas/tote bags provident metals black tote bag provident metals cloth bags loupes & magnifiers 5x loupes 10x loupes 20x loupes 30x loupes combination magnifiers coin storage albums & folders silver eagles half dollars currency supplies fractional holders small size holders large size holders album pages coin books & videos us coins food storage home my account my wishlist my cart checkout log in search site you're currently on: home › terms and conditions terms and conditions user agreement user's acknowledgment and acceptance of terms and conditions provident metals (“provident”) provides the website www.providentmetals.com (the “website”) and other services, including services offered on the website and services not available directly from the website, subject to your compliance with and your agreement to all the terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced herein (the “user agreement”), as well as any other written agreement between provident and you or your company. the terms “you” and “your” as used herein refer to the visitor to the website and/or any person or entity who uses provident’s services. these terms and conditions apply to all orders, purchases, and sales, whether made through the website, by telephone, or otherwise. in addition, when using particular services or materials on this website, you shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services or materials that may contain terms and conditions in addition to those in this user agreement. all such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into this user agreement. before you place any orders to purchase from and/or sell to provident, you must read and accept all of the terms in this user agreement. your use of this website and/or your placement of any order to purchase from and/or sell to provident, whether through the website or otherwise, constitutes a representation by you that you have read this user agreement and agree to bound by the terms and conditions contained herein. this user agreement is effective as of november 23, 2009 for all existing customers and all existing users of this website, and will be effective upon acceptance, as set forth above, for all new customers and all new users of this website or provident’s services. provident reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of this user agreement from time to time without notice to you. you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review the website and this user agreement periodically, and to be aware of any modifications. your continued use of this website and/or your continued use of any services provided by provident after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgement of the modified user agreement and your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified user agreement. as used in this user agreement, references to our “affiliates” include our owners, subsidiaries, parent companies, affiliated companies, officers, directors, managers, suppliers, partners, sponsors, and advertisers, and includes (without limitation) all parties involved in creating, producing, and/or delivering this website and/or its contents. risks and user representations investing involves risks and may not be suitable for everyone. you are urged to consult with your own financial advisors before making any investment decision. the value of coins and/or precious metals is affected by many factors, including, but not limited to, the market price of precious metals and the perceived rarity of certain coins. since all investments, including coins and precious metals, can decline in value, investing in coins and/or precious metals often involves a degree of risk that makes them unsuitable for certain individuals. provident makes no recommendations, projections, representations, or guarantees with respect to the future price of any coin or precious metal. by purchasing from, making sales to, or ordering from provident, you represent and warrant to provident that you have sufficient experience and knowledge to make informed decisions to purchase from and/or sell to provident. you expressly acknowledge that you are making all of your own decisions in connection with purchases and/or sales, and that provident is not making any recommendation with respect to such purchases and/or such sales. you also expressly acknowledge that you are subject to a variety of risks, which risks are beyond the control of provident, and you expressly acknowledge that provident is not liable or responsible for those risks, for which you have sole responsibility. those risks include, without limitation, risks associated with the price volatility of coins and precious metals. you further acknowledge and understand that, under certain market or other conditions, you may not be able to liquidate the purchased products and/or that you may not be able to liquidate the purchased products at prices acceptable to you. disclaimer of warranties provident makes no warranty whatsoever and makes no representations or warranties regarding the availability, suitability, reliability, merchantability, non-infringement, capability, usefulness, or fitness for any general or particular purpose of the website, or the services provided by or through the website, or regarding the timeliness, accuracy or usefulness of information obtained from or through the website. the website and any materials or services provided by or through the website is provided to you on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. this website could include technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies or typographical errors. we may make changes to the materials and services on the website, including the prices and descriptions of any product, at any time without notice. the materials or services on the website may be out of date, and we make no commitment to update such materials or services. the use of the services or the downloading or other acquisition of any informational materials through this website is done at your own discretion and risk, and with your agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from such activities. some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, so some of the above limitations may not apply to you. electronic order entry risk – disclaimer and limitation of liability provident disclaims any liability or responsibility for orders placed through the provident online order entry system, including, but not limited to, any loss or damage, whether direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental, that you or any third-party may suffer or incur as a result of the use of the provident online order entry system, whether such loss or damage is caused by the provident online order entry system or otherwise. further, provident disclaims any liability or responsibility for the interruption, cancellation, or other termination of the provident online order entry system. all orders placed through the provident online order entry system are taken on a best efforts basis. provident shall not be responsible for errors, negligence, or inability to execute such orders. further, you understand and agree that the services available on this website are provided “as is” and that provident shall not be responsible for any delays in the transmission, delivery, mis-delivery, deletion, or execution of customer’s orders, due to failure of transmission, or breakdown or failure of communication facilities, or due to any other cause beyond provident’s reasonable control. indemnification you shall indemnify and hold harmless provident and its affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies, directors, officers, managers, and members from and against any and all costs, damages, expenses, liabilities, and obligations, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees that provident and/or you may incur as a result of, or in connection with any breach of any representation or warranty made by you to provident, or your failure to comply with this user agreement or any policy adopted by provident. market loss policy when purchasing from, or selling to, provident, once your order is confirmed, the price is locked in for you and the transaction may not be canceled, but may be offset at our current “ask” or “bid” price. any deficit between the price at which provident sold or purchased the product(s) to or from you and the applicable offsetting ask or bid price is your responsibility. that amount plus a $35 administrative fee will be charged to you. any market gain on such offsetting transaction(s) shall remain the sole property of provident. default; rights and remedies in the event of any failure by you to comply with this user agreement and/or your obligation to make payment to, or deliver products to, provident, provident may charge any and all market losses incurred by provident, and the administrative fees for accepting your orders to either buy from or sell to us, to the credit card account that you have provided to provident. you expressly authorize provident to charge your credit card for all such amounts. in addition, upon any failure by you to comply with your obligations to provident, provident shall have all of the rights and the remedies available to provident, whether at law, in equity, or otherwise, including without limitation, rights and remedies under this user agreement. without limiting or waving any of such rights and/or remedies, provident may turn your account over to a collection agency or a lawyer for collection. no delay or failure on the part of provident in exercising any right or any remedy shall operate as a waiver of such right or such remedy, and any partial exercise of any right or any remedy shall not preclude or constitute a waiver of further exercise of that right or that remedy, or the exercise of any other right or any other remedy. further, and in addition to the other rights and remedies available to provident, in the event of any failure by you to comply with this user agreement, provident may, without limiting its other rights and/or its other remedies, suspend or terminate your account. the suspension or the termination of your account shall not affect your obligations under this user agreement. in addition, and without limiting any other rights and/or any other remedies available to provident, provident may apply any of your funds in its possession to pay your monetary obligations to provident, and may offset any monetary obligations that provident has to you against your monetary obligations to provident. costs and expenses of collection in the event that provident must take any action against you to enforce your obligations under this user agreement, including, without limitation, turning your account over to a collection agency or a lawyer for collection, you shall pay all of the costs and the expenses incurred by provident, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, in connection with such action. limitation of liability you are subject to the disclaimers contained in this user agreement, and the limitations of liability and other policies adopted by provident, all as set forth herein. in the event that, notwithstanding such limitations of liability and disclaimer, provident is determined to be liable to you in connection with any transaction between provident and you, or your use of this website, your exclusive remedy and provident’s entire liability, if any, for any claims arising out of such transaction or your use of this website shall be limited to the greater of one of the following: (1) the amount, if any, that you paid in the transaction; or (2) $100. in no event shall provident or its affiliates, subsidiaries, parent company(s), directors, officers, or managers be liable to you or any third party for any special, punitive, exemplary, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with any transaction between provident and you (except as set forth herein), or the use of this website or of any website referenced or linked to from this website. force majeure if provident cannot perform any of its obligations hereunder as a result of any event that is beyond its control, provident's delay or failure to perform such obligation shall be excused and provident shall not be liable to you, for damages or otherwise, as a result of, or in connection with, such delay or such failure. further assurances you hereby agree to, and shall, execute and deliver such other documents and take such other actions as may be reasonably requested by provident to carry out this user agreement. forum selection any proper court located in rockwall county, texas shall have exclusive jurisdiction of all disagreements and/or disputes between provident and you. any action to resolve such disagreements or disputes must be brought exclusively in such courts. you hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of those courts for the purpose of resolving such disagreements or disputes, and you waive all objections to the jurisdiction of such courts. choice of law this user agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the state of texas, without regard to conflict of laws principles. waiver of jury trial; arbitration both provident and you waive the right to trial by jury in connection with any disagreement or dispute resulting from, or in connection with, this user agreement and/or any transaction between you and provident. absence of relationship the sole relationship between provident and you is a purchaser-seller relationship. no other relationship, including, without limitation, any agent-principal relationship, any employee-employer relationship, any franchisee-franchisor relationship, any joint venture relationship or any partnership relationship, between provident and you exists. assignment you may not assign this user agreement or any of your rights or your obligations under this user agreement without the prior written consent of provident, which may be granted or withheld by provident in its sole discretion. this user agreement shall be binding on all permitted assigns and successors of provident and you. termination either provident or you may terminate this user agreement, with or without cause, at any time by written notice to other party. the termination of this user agreement shall not affect the rights and the obligations of provident and you with respect to the period prior to the termination. privacy policy provident respects your privacy. we will never willfully disclose individually identifiable information about our customers to any third party. privacy philosophy provident respects your privacy. provident does not sell, rent, or loan any identifiable information regarding its customers to any third party. any information you give us is held in the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented. use of information gathered provident will not collect any personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. examples of such information are: name, postal address, email address, phone number, and credit card information. this is needed in order to complete your orders. provident may share non-personal aggregate or summary information regarding its customers with partners or other third parties, but provident does not sell or share any information at the individual customer level. subject to applicable laws and regulations this privacy policy is subject to applicable law and applicable regulations. international use although this website may be accessible worldwide, we make no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the united states, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. those who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. any offer for any product, service, and/or information made in connection with this website is void where prohibited newsletter get provident metals news, sales and deals company info about provident metals why provident metals? customer service & support knowledge center press room faq find what you want advanced search sitemap popular searches buy silver bullion american silver eagles connect with us facebook twitter blog provident metals po box 325 lavon, tx 75166 phone (877) 429-8790 info@providentmetals.com providentmetals.com about ssl certificates © 2011 provident precious metals. all rights reserved. please wait... item(s) added to cart continue shopping (12) or view cart & checkout