来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161203180223/https://www.providentmetals.com/knowledge-center/silver-coins.html
================================================================================

silver coins: american silver eagles, silver bullion coin buying guide call (800) 313-3315 close provident home blog press room bullion buying guide help center home silver bullion coins silver coin buying guide american silver eagle coin considered to be the official silver bullion coin of the united states, american eagle silver bullion coins represent an easy, inexpensive way to invest in precious metals. the american silver eagle coin is perhaps one of the most popular silver bullion coins in the world. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - arches national park released in 2014, this beautiful silver bullion coin commemorates utah's arches national park. america the beautiful silver coins consist of 5 troy ounces of .999 fine silver. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - blue ridge parkway released in 2015, this beautiful silver bullion coin commemorates north carolina's scenic blue ridge parkway in five ounces of .999 fine silver. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - bombay hook national wildlife refuge released in 2015, this silver bullion coin features a great blue heron in delaware's bombay hook national wildlife refuge. this america the beautiful silver coin consists of five troy ounces of .999 fine silver. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - cumberland gap national historical park the 32nd release in the 5 oz silver america the beautiful coins series commemorates kentucky's cumberland gar national historical park. each coin in this series is produced by the us mint and qualifies for a precious metals ira. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - everglades national park among the america the beautiful 5 oz silver coins released by the us mint in 2014, this silver coin commemorates everglades national park. the reverse features the anhinga and roseate spoonbill, birds native to florida and the everglades. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - fort moultrie at fort sumter national monument released in 2016, this us silver coin commemorates the pivotal battle during the revolutionary war at fort sumter's fort moultrie. each america the beautiful silver coin consists of .999 fine silver. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - glacier national park with the first coins being issued in 2010, the america the beautiful 5-ounce silver coin series from the u.s. mint commemorates many historic and natural wonders of the u.s. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - great sand dunes national park released in 2016, this coin celebrates colorado's great sand dunes national park, where over thousands of years major tributries, such as the rio grande, have deposited tons of alluvial sands. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - harpers ferry national historical park released in 2016, this coin commemorates the efforts of the abolitionist, john brown, during the civil war. brown was ultimately captured and hanged, but his sacrifice fueled future war efforts. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - homestead national monument released in 2016, this coin commemorates the homestead act of 1862, which permitted any person who qualified to claim up to 160 acres if they lived there 5 years or more. the reverse of this coin features a cabin, well, and corn stalks representing three necessities of life. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - kisatchie national forest released in 2015, this coin celebrates the kisatchie national forest. by the early 1900, lousiana's lumber industry had all but collapsed, and in an effort to preserve some of its natural resources, the federal government declared the kisatchie forest of lousiana a nationally protected forest. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - shawnee national forest released in 2016, this coin commemorates the shawnee national forest, which was established by theodore roosevelt as a way to stop deforestation and erosion caused by the logging industry. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - shenandoah national park this beautiful silver coin was released by the us mint in 2014, and commemorates shenandoah national park. the obverse was designed by phebe hemphill and features a hiker atop little stoney man, a stony summit in shenandoah national park. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - smoky mountains national park released in 2014, this coin celebrates smoky mountains national park. this area was originally peopled by native american of the cherokee tribe, and was later established as a national park. learn more america the beautiful 5-oz silver coin - theodore roosevelt national park released in 2016, this coin celebrates theodore roosevelt national park. president roosevelt instituted the national park system and was genuinely concerned with the preservation of the united states' wild lands and natural resources. learn more armenian noah's ark silver coins the armenian noah's ark silver coin is one of the most unique bullion coins on today's market. made with .999 pure silver, this deeply symbolic coin hails all the way from armenia — a country that, while small in size, overflows with ancient religious tradition. learn more austrian philharmonic silver bullion coins coming from the heart of europe, austrian philharmonic silver bullion coins showcase that country's proud classical music traditions. after all, austria is the land some of history's greatest classical composers like mozart and haydn. on the other hand, austrian or vienna philharmonic silver coins are known for their strict purity as well. learn more british silver britannia coins the silver britannia has been a highly-prized coin since its first mintage in 1997. from a historical perspective, the figure britannia symbolizes great britain in elegant (and fierce) female form, which is one of the reasons why it is repeatedly a top-seller in england and around the world. learn more 80% canadian silver half-dollar coin comprised of 80% silver and 20% copper, these coins once served as legal tender and still carry a face value of 50-cents in canada. learn more canadian silver maple coins hailing from north of the border, canadian silver maple bullion coins are highly recognizable silver bullion coins for their purity. they've been minted annually since 1988 by the royal canadian mint. this is canada's official silver bullion coin. learn more chinese silver panda direct from the orient, chinese silver pandas are the official silver coin for the people's republic of china. people within china and around the world trust chinese silver pandas as a source for financial stability and growth. learn more franklin half dollar junk silver coins minted between 1948 and 1963, franklin half dollar silver bullion coins served as legal tender in the united states during that time. the introduction of the franklin half dollar was significant in that it marked the first time coins meant for circulation would depict actual americans rather than symbols like the bald eagle. learn more mexican libertad silver coins as the official silver bullion coin of the national mint of mexico (or la casa de moneda de méxico) the libertad is widely viewed as a premier silver investment vehicle, on par with the american silver eagle, canadian silver maple and chinese silver panda. learn more monster box silver silver monster boxes are a practical choice for investors who prefer to buy in bulk and are truly serious about silver exposure. due to their low premiums over spot per ounce, silver monster boxes are one of the best allocations for investors who prefer mint fresh coins. learn more roosevelt dime junk silver coins junk silver dimes refer to coins no longer in circulation valued strictly on their metal content. containing 90% silver and 10% copper, these common junk silver coins served as everyday currency until 1965. today, investors buy silver dimes as an inexpensive investment or a way to prepare for emergencies. learn more somali silver elephant legal tender in the nation of somalia but minted by the venerable bavarian state mint. a beautiful specimen of 99.9% pure silver, the somali elephant offers an investment-grade coin with a rarity that surpasses other well-known foreign silver bullion. learn more walking liberty junk silver coins walking liberty half dollar junk silver coins are another easy way to invest in precious metals. these silver bullion coins, containing 90% silver, were standard currency in the united states for many years. learn more washington quarter junk silver coins u.s. quarter junk silver coins consist of 90% silver bullion and are valued strictly on their metal content. serving as everyday currency until 1965, these silver bullion coins are one of the easiest ways to buy silver coins. they're great if you're just starting your portfolio or if you want to save for emergencies. learn more bullion product summaries & buying guides learn more about the wide variety of precious metals products we offer and how they can help you preserve and grow your wealth. why buy gold? gold bullion gold coins gold bars american gold eagles pre-33 gold pamp suisse gold bars canadian maple leaf gold coins european gold coins buy gold why buy platinum? platinum bullion why buy silver? silver bullion silver coins silver bars american silver eagles junk silver silver dollars 5-oz silver coins canadian maple leaf silver coins why buy palladium? palladium bullion why buy copper? copper bullion buying guide gold bullion buying guide silver coin buying guide platinum buying guide copper buying guide palladium buying guide × get exclusive discounts & industry news subscribe subscribe to our newsletter to receive the latest news and updates subscribe company info follow us: provident metals blog about provident metals why provident metals? contact us find what you want popular searches product guides local directory customer service & support where's my order? sell to us ordering / payment policies shipping policies privacy policies return & cancellation policy terms and conditions get market alerts bullion buying guide press room faq reviews provident metals 15850 dallas parkway dallas, tx 75248 (800) 313-3315 (469) 317-3500 7am-7pm central mon-thu | 7am-5pm fri [email protected] providentmetals.com purchase with confidence © 2017 provident precious metals. all rights reserved. updated: see all metals gold silver platinum palladium et showhide charts