来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201231174506/https://www.providentmetals.com/gold.html
================================================================================

buy gold coins, bullion bars, and rounds | provident metals™ gold silver platinum palladium see all metals updated: 01/09/2021 08:13:16 am et gold$1,857.1311.47 silver$25.560.52 platinum$1,074.846.45 palladium$2,401.0516.49 show charts hide charts 1857.13 11.47 25.56 0.52 1074.84 6.45 2401.05 16.49 01/09/2021 08:12:26 am （800）313-3315 free shipping on orders of $199 or more log in 0cart item quantity your cart is empty edit cart subtotal:$0.00 checkout create an account first name last name email phone number password retype password by creating an account, you are agreeing to the terms of service and the privacy policy. already have an account? login log in email password remember me forgot password ? i'm new here create an account track an order? check order status reset your password enter your email address and we will send you a link to reset your password. email send password reset email or return to log in search here popular in stock bullion new arrivals 2021 silver eagle 2021 gold eagle 2021 silver maple leaf year of the bull round see all popular bullion 1 oz silver rounds 1 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz gold bars 2020 silver 2020 silver eagle 2020 silver maple 2020 silver kangaroo 2020 lunar rat 2020 kookaburra 2020 gold 2020 gold eagle 2020 gold maple 2020 gold buffalo 2020 1/10 oz gold eagle 2020 gold britannia popular series provident year of the bull provident prospector world of dragons warrior series queen’s beasts four horsemen egyptian gods gold in stock gold us mint gold american eagles buffalos pre-33 gold commems & other royal canadian mint gold maple leafs rcm bars commems & other perth mint gold gold bars kangaroos lunar series gold bars by mint by weight 1 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars other gold coins south african krugerrands british britannias queen’s beasts austrian philharmonics chinese pandas mexican libertads mexican pesos old gold coins south korean gold rounds certified gold coins ngc pcgs united states gold notes browse by mints silver in stock silver silver eagles american eagles proof eagles certified eagles america the beautiful 90% “junk” us silver 40% “junk” us silver silver dollars canadian silver maple leafs predator series rcm bars collectibles specialty silver certified silver coins silver rounds by weight by brand 1 oz rounds fractional silver rounds proof rounds high relief rounds antiqued & colorized silver bars by weight by brand 1 oz bars 5 oz bars 10 oz bars kilo silver bars 100 oz bars silver coins britannias queen’s beasts chinese pandas austrian philharmonics african krugerrands mexican libertads south korean silver coins niue coins tuvalu coins somali elephants australian silver coins kangaroos kookaburras koalas next generation lunar series more metals copper rounds 1 oz copper rounds 5 oz copper rounds copper bars 1 oz copper bars other copper bullion copper wheat pennies platinum group metals platinum coins & bars palladium coins & bars deals sell to us supplies coin supplies coin & bar capsules coin & bar tubes specialty coin tubes other supplies protection/gloves more faq contact us sales tax provident blog investing guide ira program price charts close popular gold silver copper deals sell to us supplies home > gold coins, bullion bars & rounds gold coins, bullion bars & rounds in stock gold us gold coins gold bars canadian gold australian gold foreign gold certified gold gold notes other gold bullion gold bullion coins, bars and rounds what is gold? gold is simply a basic chemical element found in deposits of rock foundations. but its stability, scarcity, and beauty have made it one of humanity's most sought-after commodities for thousands of years. today, it continues to hold luster as one of the world's most prominent precious metal investments. as a modern asset class, gold prices generally move independent of stocks. so this gilded metal makes for a wise investment in any well-diversified investment portfolio, especially during a market downturn. are you wondering if gold is a good investment for you? then be sure to check out everything you wanted to know about gold bullion, a beginner's guide to precious metals investing, and much more in our knowledge center. how to buy gold bullion is a standard weight and fineness of the metal that you buy for the current spot price plus the premium. the premium covers the cost of fabricating, minting, and shipping the product. you can buy gold online in the form of coins, bars, and rounds. coins generally speaking, gold coins are bullion in a coin shape. gold coins were a primary form of currency for centuries. today, most investors buy coins as an investment and as a hedge against inflation. many gold coins carry a legal tender face value. but as the value of the metal usually exceeds the face value of the coin, they aren't used in typical financial transactions. how are coins made? mints produce coins with dies that forcefully strike a blank piece of metal. the obverse (front) design of the coin uses one die, and another die is for the reverse (back) design. the die strikes bullion coins once, and strikes proof coins two or more times. gold bullion coins usually have a fineness of .999. however, some coins are produced with a fineness of .9999, as in canadian gold maple leafs, american gold buffalos, and british gold britannias. you can buy gold coins with a fineness of .999 or more in a precious metals ira. how to buy coins mints produce gold coins in a variety of unique designs, with sizes ranging anywhere from fractional weights to a kilo or more. some of the most common sizes include 1-ounce, ½ oz, ¼ oz, 1/10 oz, and 1/20 oz. but most investors buy gold coins in weights of 1-ounce or less. how to store coins there are many ways to store gold, ranging from your home to a private depository. choosing the right storage method for you depends on the amount you buy and your own level of comfort. the best types of coins to buy many factors will determine which coins are best to buy for you. the condition, purity, and the producing mint can vary widely. so investors must take great care if they choose to buy gold coins online from unknown sources. rest assured that when you buy from provident metals, you are buying products that are produced by the most trusted mints in the world. coins versus bars coins are usually more expensive than bars because they have more collectible value. for example, old, rare coins often sell for a higher price than bars because of their historical significance, one-of-a-kind design, or scarcity. coins are often made with intricate designs, which cost more to produce than their more austere bar cousins. and mints produce many new coins for only a limited time or in limited amounts. it's this scarcity that makes them extremely desirable (and valuable!) to collectors and history buffs. also, federal governments guarantee the face value, weight, and purity of sovereign coins. all these factors often result in higher premiums on gold coins than gold bars. deciding whether it's better to buy coins or bars is based on your investment goals and preference. research the pros and cons of each to determine which option best suits your needs. gold bullion bars why buy gold bars? the answer for most investors is value. if you would like to buy gold bullion as an investment only, then you may find that gold bars are one of the most cost-effective ways to own the physical metal. that's because bars generally match sovereign coins in content and purity, but cost less thanks to low production costs and less elaborate designs. you can buy bars in a variety of weights and styles to suit any budget and investment goals. how are bars made? gold bars are commonly refined into two types: cast bars and ingots. mints produce cast bars in a rugged style by melting the metal in a large vat and then pouring it into prefabricated molds. most cast bars are stamped with only a simple refinery logo and the weight, purity, and metal content. gold ingots start out as cast bars, but they are further refined with sharper edges, a more brilliant finish, and intricate design elements. as you might imagine, cast bars cost less to produce and usually sell for lower premiums than minted ingots. regardless of how they're made, most gold bars are 99.99% pure. how to buy bars you can buy gold bars in a variety of sizes, ranging from 1/2 gram to 1 kilo or more. however, most investors buy bars in weights of 1 ounce or less because they are more affordable and easily-traded. buy bars by weight you can buy gold bars in a wide range of weights to suit any budget and investment style. however, a couple of the most common weights purchased by investors are 1 ounce and 10 ounce bars. buy bars by design gold bars also come in a wide range of beautiful designs. from exquisite pamp fortuna bars, to the world-renowned swan logo and jumping kangaroo on perth mint gold bars, to beautiful engravings in both english and french on canadian gold bars, there is no end to the types of bullion bars that will suit your style. the best types of bars to buy wondering which gold bars are best to buy? it all depends on your style, budget, and investment goals. no matter what you choose, you can rest assured knowing that you are investing in a commodity that has stood the test of time and continues to be the among the safest assets to fund your investment portfolio. how much do gold bars cost? when you buy gold bars, the price differences you see are usually due to the size and weight of the bar. the quality of the finish, popularity of the design, and the reputation of the producing mint also go into determining how much they cost. browse our inventory to determine which one is best for your budget. how do i know my gold bars are real? counterfeiting techniques are becoming more and more advanced. so many investors have growing concerns about the authenticity of their precious metal holdings. the best way to ensure that your gold bullion is real is to only buy from a reputable and accredited dealer like provident metals. but there are also a few simple ways to test the authenticity of your metal at home. you can do a size test by comparing the dimensions and weight of your bar to charts available online. or, you can test your bullion using sound, since gold will make a pinging sound when struck. and real gold does not have any magnetic properties, so it should not be drawn to a magnet. gold bullion rounds gold rounds are a convenient, low-cost addition to any investor's precious metals portfolio. rounds are circular bullion discs of varying weights and designs. most rounds are privately-minted, though they are sometimes also produced by government mints. mints produce gold rounds to an equally high purity standard as coins. however, they have no “face value”, which means they are not recognized as legal tender and can't be spent as currency. many buyers feels that rounds are a good investment because they can enjoy a lower premium and choose from a wide range of exquisite designs at the same time. how to buy rounds you can buy gold rounds in many different sizes. like coins, most investors buy 1-ounce rounds for their affordability and stackability. deciding which rounds are best to buy for you all depends on your style, budget, and investment goals. rounds versus coins many buyers prefer to buy rounds over coins simply because rounds get them more metal for their money. you can usually buy rounds with the same weight, purity, mirrored finish, and gorgeous designs as many sovereign-minted coins, but at a lower premium over spot price. despite being produced by private mints, rounds are widely traded and trusted in the bullion industry. how do i sell my bullion? provident metals isn't just a top retailer of precious metal coins and bars. you can also sell your gold back to us at industry-leading prices. so when you're ready, you'll find that it's just as easy to sell to provident metals as it is to buy from us. call us to lock in one of the best buy prices in the industry. where is the best place to buy gold online? look no further. whether you're looking to buy gold bullion to invest, to build a collection, or simply for fun, provident metals is a secure place to begin your precious metals journey. we've shipped over 1 million orders through our secure online ordering process, and we are proud to maintain an a+ rating by the better business bureau. we proudly offer coins, rounds, and bars from the most trusted and respected mints around the world. with so many products to choose from at industry-leading prices, your only challenge will be deciding which one best suits your style. start shopping with your trusted friend in the bullion industry today! subscribe to our newsletter to receive exclusive discounts and industry news. subscribe company info follow us: pm facebook pm twitter pm pinterest pm youtube pm instagram provident metals blog about provident metals why provident metals? contact us find what you want product guides local directory gold prices silver prices military discount customer service & support my account where's my order? sell to us ordering / payment policies shipping policies privacy policies cookie policy return & cancellation policy terms and conditions accessibility bullion buying guide faq reviews sales tax do not sell my info provident metals provident metals corp 6125 luther lane, #465 dallas, tx 75225 (800) 313-33158am-6pm central monday - friday help@providentmetals.com providentmetals.com purchase with confidence © copyright 2021 provident metals corp. all rights reserved.