来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211217111825/https://www.providentmetals.com/sales-tax.html
================================================================================

sales tax | provident metals gold silver platinum palladium see all metals updated: 01/22/2022 10:27:04 am et gold$1,842.082.38 silver$24.40-0.04 platinum$1,046.15-3.87 palladium$2,142.755.10 show charts hide charts 1842.08 2.38 24.4 -0.04 1046.15 -3.87 2142.75 5.10 01/22/2022 10:26:27 am （800）313-3315 free shipping on orders of $199 or more log in 0cart item quantity your cart is empty edit cart subtotal:$0.00 checkout create an account first name last name email phone number password retype password by creating an account, you are agreeing to the terms of service and the privacy policy. already have an account? login log in email password remember me forgot password ? i'm new here create an account track an order? check order status reset your password enter your email address and we will send you a link to reset your password. email send password reset email or return to log in search here popular in stock bullion new arrivals medieval legends pied piper round 2021 silver eagle type 2 2021 gold eagle type 2 2022 silver maple leaf see all popular bullion 1 oz silver rounds 1 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz gold bars 2021 silver 2021 silver eagle 2021 silver maple 2021 silver kangaroo 2021 lunar ox 2021 kookaburra 2021 gold 2021 gold eagle 2021 gold maple 2021 gold buffalo 2021 1/10 oz gold eagle 2021 gold britannia popular series medieval legends egyptian gods provident lunar series provident prospector world of dragons warrior series queen’s beasts four horsemen gold in stock gold us mint gold american eagles buffalos pre-33 gold commems & other royal canadian mint gold maple leafs rcm bars commems & other perth mint gold gold bars kangaroos lunar series gold bars by mint by weight 1 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars other gold coins south african krugerrands british britannias queen’s beasts austrian philharmonics chinese pandas mexican libertads mexican pesos old gold coins south korean gold rounds certified gold coins ngc pcgs united states gold notes browse by mints silver in stock silver silver eagles american eagles proof eagles certified eagles america the beautiful 90% “junk” us silver 40% “junk” us silver silver dollars canadian silver maple leafs predator series rcm bars collectibles specialty silver certified silver coins silver rounds by weight by brand 1 oz rounds fractional silver rounds proof rounds high relief rounds antiqued & colorized silver bars by weight by brand 1 oz bars 5 oz bars 10 oz bars kilo silver bars 100 oz bars silver coins britannias queen’s beasts chinese pandas austrian philharmonics african krugerrands mexican libertads south korean silver coins niue coins tuvalu coins somali elephants australian silver coins kangaroos kookaburras koalas next generation lunar series more metals copper rounds 1 oz copper rounds 5 oz copper rounds copper bars 1 oz copper bars other copper bullion copper wheat pennies platinum group metals platinum coins & bars palladium coins & bars other legal tender other products deals sell to us supplies coin supplies coin & bar capsules coin & bar tubes specialty coin tubes other supplies protection/gloves more faq contact us sales tax provident blog investing guide ira program price charts close popular gold silver copper deals sell to us supplies home › sales tax information precious metals sales tax rules and regulations by state will you pay sales tax on your bullion purchase? click on the state where you will ship your order to find out how the latest precious metals tax laws may affect your purchase. states where we currently collect sales tax alabama arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut district of columbia georgia hawaii idaho illinois indiana iowa kansas kentucky louisiana maine maryland massachusetts michigan minnesota mississippi missouri nebraska nevada new jersey new york new mexico north carolina north dakota oklahoma pennsylvania rhode island south carolina south dakota tennessee texas utah vermont virginia washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming buying gold and silver in the usa from provident metals when you purchase your favorite gold and silver bullion products from provident metals, you’re in some cases required to pay local sales tax on your purchases. because local sales tax rates are based upon the address we’ll be shipping your bullion products to, there is often confusion for consumers about what their eventual total will be. to clear up the confusion, we’ve created an interactive directory that lets you research your state’s sales tax rules and regulations so you know in advance what to expect. please note that your sales tax is dependent upon where we are shipping your bullion, and not necessarily your home address. if you store your gold and silver bullion somewhere other than your home state, please make sure to check the sales tax rates for that location. why the change in tax collection? on june 21, 2018, the supreme court of the united states announced a decision in the south dakota v. wayfair inc. case. in short, south dakota argued that it was losing out on local sales taxes as consumers spent more money shopping online rather than in brick-and-mortar locations. the 1992 quill corp v. north dakota case had set a precedent for how states would eventually deal with online retailers. back then, the court ruled in favor of quill corp, which it agreed did not need to collect sales tax on sales in north dakota because it had no physical presence in the state. the june 21st decision in 2018 by scotus wipes out that precedent and opens the door for states to begin forcing online retailers to collect and remit local sales taxes. online retailers are now forced with adapting to a variety of different sales tax rates and rules across the nation. at provident metals, we’re adjusting to the changes and working to make it easier for our customer base to gain a clearer understanding of their total sales figure before a purchase is complete. we’ve developed our interactive menu to help you figure out what type of sales tax, if any, you’ll face. what we’re doing at provident metals to clear the confusion at provident metals, we’re taking concrete steps to help you better understand how your purchase of gold, silver, platinum, palladium, and copper is impacted by the sales tax change. first and foremost, we’re only charging sales tax in some states. within those states, there are distinctions based upon the type of product. some states do not charge for the purchase of bullion coins, while others charge for numismatic products and accessories such as flips, capsules, and apparel. here’s an example of some of the differences: texas requires a sales tax to be collected on certain non-bullion items shipped to a texas address by provident metals, with the tax impacting copper products, palladium products, and accessories such as coin holders, tubes, flips, and apparel. vermont, on the other hand, requires provident metals to collect a sales tax on all products shipped to a vermont address. at provident metals, we encourage you to take a moment and use our interactive map before you buy so you know exactly what you’ll be charged for sales tax on your purchase. our goal is to clear up the confusion for you so you have a better idea of how much you’re spending on your favorite precious metal items. alabama the state of alabama requires the collection of a flat-rate simplified sellers use tax of 8% on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to an alabama address. these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) numismatic coins; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. read more the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in alabama: numismatic coins. coins which have an external value above and beyond the base value of the underlying precious metal, due to the item’s rarity, condition, age, or other external factor. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. as required by alabama law (rule 810-6-2-.90.02 simplified sellers use tax remittance program), provident metals is required to notify its alabama customers of the following: provident metals corp has collected the simplified sellers use tax on certain transactions delivered into alabama and the tax will be remitted on the customer’s behalf to the alabama department of revenue. provident metals corp’s program account number is ssu-r010188305. use taxes in alabama are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in alabama set forth above, and (2) the alabama simplified sellers use tax rate of 8%. our program account license number in alabama is ssu-r010188305. if you are an alabama-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the alabama reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of alabama. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of alabama that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of alabama, we suggest you visit the alabama department of revenue located at https://revenue.alabama.gov/. shop now alaska currently there is no statewide sales tax in effect in the state of alaska. however, certain boroughs in alaska have now enacted sales tax collection and remittance at the local level. therefore, provident metals will begin collecting and remitting sales taxes in these boroughs in alaska on february 1, 2022. read more please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of alaska. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of alaska that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of alaska, we suggest you visit the alaska department of revenue located at http://dor.alaska.gov/. shop now arizona the state of arizona requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to an address in arizona. these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) accessory items; and (3) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. read more the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in arizona: accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in arizona are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in arizona set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in arizona. our sales tax license number in arizona is 21322973. if you are an arizona-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the arizona reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of arizona. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of arizona that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of arizona, we suggest you visit the arizona department of revenue located at https://azdor.gov/. shop now arkansas the state of arkansas requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to an arkansas address. these taxes must be collected on (1) all precious metals products comprised of gold, silver, platinum, or palladium that do not meet the definition of bullion as defined by the state of arkansas; (2) copper products; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. read more the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in arkansas: bullion. gold, silver, platinum, and palladium in the form of a bar, ingot, or coin. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. provident metals began collecting sales taxes in arkansas on october 1, 2019. additionally, arkansas enacted legislation in 2021 that eliminated the taxability of certain items sold by provident metals. this new legislation went into effect on october 1, 2021. our sales tax license number in arkansas is 58718477-sls. if you are an arkansas-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the arkansas reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of arkansas. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of arkansas that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of arkansas, we suggest you visit the arkansas department of finance and administration located at https://www.dfa.arkansas.gov/. california the state of california requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a california address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) nonmonetized bullion made from copper, platinum, or palladium; (2) monetized bullion, nonmonetized gold or silver bullion, or numismatic coins if the total amount of a single sales transaction is less than $1,500; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in california: nonmonetized bullion. bullion which has been smelted or refined and has a value dependent primarily upon its precious metal content and not upon its form. monetized bullion. coins or other forms of money manufactured of gold, silver, or other metal and heretofore, now, or hereafter used as a medium of exchange under the laws of california, the united states, or any foreign nation. the medium of exchange must have had a legal status equivalent to legal tender. numismatic coins. coins which have an external value above and beyond the base value of the underlying precious metal, due to the item’s rarity, condition, age, or other external factor. single sales transaction. determined per invoice, and not on a line-item basis. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. use taxes in california are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in california set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in california. our use tax license number in california is 257602304. if you are a california-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the california reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged use taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of california. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of california that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of california, we suggest you visit the california tax service center located at https://www.taxes.ca.gov/. shop now colorado the state of colorado requires the collection of taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a colorado address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) certain numismatic coins and bullion; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in colorado: certain numismatic coins and bullion: precious metal coins and bullion that are not, or never were, used as currency or mediums of exchange in the united states or a foreign country. accessory items: items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items: precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in colorado are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in colorado set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in colorado. our state sales tax license number in colorado is 33617835. furthermore, the state of colorado requires each merchant doing business in colorado to register for a sales tax license at the local jurisdictional level. provident metals has obtained a sales tax license for each of these colorado local jurisdictions. these local jurisdictions, along with provident metals’ sales tax license number in each of these jurisdictions, are set forth below. alamosa, colorado: 02543 arvada, colorado: 86471000 aspen, colorado: 15531 aurora, colorado: 206453 avon, colorado: 007694 black hawk, colorado: 1922 boulder, colorado: 108772 breckenridge, colorado: 903550001 brighton, colorado: 005349 broomfield, colorado: 10650 canon city, colorado: 05632 carbondale, colorado: 003848 castle rock, colorado: 112579 centennial, colorado: cen-013397 central city, colorado: 827 cherry hills village, colorado: 46-1785757 colorado springs, colorado: r00778836 commerce city, colorado: 027202 cortez, colorado: 009640 craig, colorado: 002956 crested butte, colorado: 007162 dacono, colorado: 1258 delta, colorado: 5048.1 denver, colorado: 443676 durango, colorado: 201800635 edgewater, colorado: 5957 englewood, colorado: 314963 evans, colorado: 2604448 federal heights, colorado: 5801.1 fort collins, colorado: 00138359 frisco, colorado: 4654 glendale, colorado: 095234 glenwood springs, colorado: 012062 golden, colorado: 13413 grand junction, colorado: 13654 greeley, colorado: 112842 greenwood village, colorado: 120074 gunnison, colorado: 23-253 gypsum, colorado: 2061 la junta, colorado: 4064 lafayette, colorado: 006906 lakewood, colorado: s20061183-0001 lamar, colorado: 3887.1 larkspur, colorado: 6871 littleton, colorado: 19760 lone tree, colorado: 8806 longmont, colorado: 05901-1350 louisville, colorado: 07729.1 loveland, colorado: 15092 montrose, colorado: 010456 mountain village, colorado: 006938 mt. crested butte, colorado: 18-572 northglenn, colorado: 99-004576 parker, colorado: 11328 pueblo, colorado: 23923 ridgway, colorado: 002518 rifle, colorado: 056766 sheridan, colorado: 005364 silverthorne, colorado: 31443 snowmass village, colorado: 041560 steamboat springs, colorado: 214075 sterling, colorado: 05462 telluride, colorado: 018116 thornton, colorado: 27929 timnath, colorado: 011090 vail, colorado: 7719 westminster, colorado: 3553901 wheat ridge, colorado: 15013.1 windsor, colorado: st006487 winter park, colorado: 005572 woodland park, colorado: 08091.1 if you are a colorado-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the colorado reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of colorado. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of colorado that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of colorado, we suggest you visit the colorado department of revenue located at https://www.colorado.gov/revenue. shop now connecticut the state of connecticut requires the collection of taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a connecticut address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) platinum, palladium, and copper products; (2) certain numismatic coins; (3) accessory items; (4) processed items; and (5) any single sales transaction comprised of gold and silver products for which the transaction amount is less than $1,000. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in connecticut: certain numismatic pieces: precious metal coins that are not, or never were, used as legal tender of any government of the world. single sales transaction: determined per invoice, and not on a line-item basis. accessory items: items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items: precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in connecticut are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in connecticut set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in connecticut. our sales tax license number in connecticut is 75974022-001. if you are a connecticut-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the connecticut reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of connecticut. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of connecticut that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of connecticut, we suggest you visit the connecticut department of revenue services located at https://www.ct.gov/drs/site/default.asp. shop now delaware currently there is no statewide sales tax in effect in the state of delaware. therefore, provident metals is not required to collect sales taxes on any products delivered to an address in delaware. read more please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of delaware. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of delaware that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of delaware, we suggest you visit the delaware division of revenue located at https://revenue.delaware.gov/. shop now district of columbia the district of columbia requires provident metals to collect sales taxes on all products sold by provident metals and delivered to a district of columbia address. read more sales taxes in the district of columbia are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in the district of columbia set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in the district of columbia. our sales tax license number in the district of columbia is 350-001010459. if you are a district of columbia-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the district of columbia reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the district of columbia. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the district of columbia that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the district of columbia, we suggest you visit the district of columbia office of tax and revenue located at https://otr.cfo.dc.gov/. shop now florida the state of florida requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to an address in florida. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) coins or currency of the united states if such coins or currency are not legal tender of the united states at the time of the sale of such coins or currency unless the aggregate sales price of such coins or currency exceeds $500 in a single sales transaction; (2) any coins or currency that are not legal tender in any country unless the aggregate sales price of such coins or currency exceeds $500 in a single sales transaction; (3) any coins or currency of any country that are legal tender but are sold for a price that exceeds their current exchange rate, unless the aggregate sales price of such coins or currency exceeds $500 in a single sales transaction; (4) any coins or currency that are legal tender of a country other than the united states that do not have a face value, unless the aggregate sales price of such coins or currency exceeds $500 in a single sales transaction; (5) bullion, defined as gold, silver, or platinum in the form of bars, ingots, or plates, normally sold by weight unless the total sales price for such bullion in a single sales transaction exceeds $500; (6) palladium or copper in the form of bars, ingots or plates, regardless of the dollar amount of the transaction; (7) accessory items; and (8) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in florida: legal tender. coins or currency that are acceptable as a measure of value and a standard of exchange for goods and services. single sales transaction. determined per invoice, and not on a line-item basis. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in florida are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in florida set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in florida. provident metals began collecting sales taxes in florida on july 1, 2021, pursuant to legislation enacted in florida in 2021. our sales tax license number in florida is 78-8018421203-8. if you are a florida-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note that florida requires the reseller to renew their reseller certificate on an annual basis. all florida reseller certificates expire on december 31 of each year; therefore, a reseller using provident metals’ website will be required to submit a current reseller certificate each calendar year. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of florida. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of florida that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of florida, we suggest you visit the florida department of revenue located at http://floridarevenue.com/pages/default.aspx. shop now georgia the state of georgia requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to an address in georgia. read more the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in georgia: accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in georgia are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in georgia set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in georgia. our sales tax license number in georgia is 175860788. if you are a georgia-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the georgia reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of georgia. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of georgia that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of georgia, we suggest you visit the georgia department of revenue located at https://dor.georgia.gov/. shop now hawaii the state of hawaii requires provident metals to collect general excise taxes on all products sold by provident metals and delivered to a hawaii address. read more general excise taxes in hawaii are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in hawaii set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in hawaii. our excise tax license number in hawaii is ge-057-331-8144-01. if you are a hawaii-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the hawaii reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged excise taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of hawaii. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of hawaii that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of hawaii, we suggest you visit the hawaii department of taxation located at https://hitax.hawaii.gov/. shop now idaho the state of idaho requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to an address in idaho. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) accessory items; and (3) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in idaho: accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in idaho are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in idaho set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in idaho. our sales tax license number in idaho is 005017715. if you are an idaho-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the idaho reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of idaho. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of idaho that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of idaho, we suggest you visit the idaho state tax commission located at https://tax.idaho.gov/. shop now illinois the state of illinois requires the collection of occupation taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to an illinois address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) palladium products; (2) copper products; (3) any bullion with a purity of less than 980 parts per 1,000; (4) any coins that were issued by any other u.s. state other than the state of illinois; (5) accessory items; and (6) processed items. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in illinois: bullion. gold, silver, or platinum in a bulk state with a purity of not less than 980 parts per 1,000. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. occupation taxes in illinois are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in illinois set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in illinois. our occupation tax license number in illinois is 4296-5071. if you are an illinois-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the illinois reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged occupation taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: these sales tax rules also apply to purchases made in a precious metals ira. in applicable states, sales tax rates are also applied to shipping charges. this means that even if you are not taxed on bullion and/or accessories in a particular state, you may still be required to pay a sales tax on any applicable shipping fee. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of illinois. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of illinois that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of illinois, we suggest you visit the illinois department of revenue located at https://www2.illinois.gov/rev/pages/default.aspx. shop now indiana the state of indiana requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to an indiana address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) any gold coins, bars, or rounds with a purity of less than 995 parts per 1,000; (3) any silver coins, bars, or rounds with a purity of less than 999 parts per 1,000; (4) any platinum coins, bars, or rounds with a purity of less than 999.5 parts per 1,000; (5) any palladium coins, bars, or rounds with a purity of less than 999.5 parts per 1,000; (6) any coins that are not considered “american eagles”, “american eagle proofs”, or coins that are not issued under the law of the united states; (7) numismatic coins; (8) accessory items; and (9) processed items. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in indiana: numismatic coins. coins which have an external value above and beyond the base value of the underlying precious metal, due to the item’s rarity, condition, age, or other external factor. coins. a coin made of gold, silver, or other metal which is or has been used as legal tender. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in indiana are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in indiana set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in indiana. our sales tax license number in indiana is 0164382194. if you are an indiana-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the indiana reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of indiana. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of indiana that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of indiana, we suggest you visit the indiana department of revenue located at https://www.in.gov/dor/. shop now iowa the state of iowa requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to an iowa address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) any bullion products made of copper; (2) any coins that currently are not, or were not previously, used as legal tender; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in iowa: bullion. bars, ingots, or commemorative medallions of gold, silver, platinum, palladium, or a combination of these where the value of the metal depends on its content and not its form. coins. a coin made of gold, silver, or other metal which is or has been used as legal tender. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in iowa are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in iowa set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in iowa. if you are an iowa-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the iowa reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. our sales tax license number in iowa is 100000434. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of iowa. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of iowa that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of iowa, we suggest you visit the iowa department of revenue located at https://tax.iowa.gov/. shop now kansas the state of kansas requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a kansas address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) all coins except those coins made of gold or silver; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in kansas: coins. a coin made of a precious metal which is or has been used as legal tender. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in kansas are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in kansas set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in kansas. if you are a kansas-based reseller and wish to file a resale exemption certificate with provident metals, please download the kansas resale exemption certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. our sales tax license number in kansas is 005-461785757f-02. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of kansas. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of kansas that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of kansas, we suggest you visit the kansas department of revenue located at https://www.ksrevenue.org/. shop now kentucky the state of kentucky requires provident metals to collect excise taxes on all products sold by provident metals and delivered to a kentucky address. read more excise taxes in kentucky are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in kentucky set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in kentucky. our excise tax license number in kentucky is 000846761. if you are a kentucky-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the kentucky reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged excise taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of kentucky. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of kentucky that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of kentucky, we suggest you visit the kentucky department of revenue located at https://revenue.ky.gov. shop now louisiana the state of louisiana requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a louisiana address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) bullion products made of palladium or copper; (2) any coins made of copper or palladium, unless such coins are also numismatic coins; (3) any single sales transaction of numismatic coins if the total sale value is greater than $1,000; (4) accessory items; and (5) processed items. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in louisiana: bullion. precious metal that is valued solely upon its precious metal content, whether in coin or ingot form. coins. a coin made of gold, silver, or other metal which is or has been used as legal tender. numismatic coins. coins which have an external value above and beyond the base value of the underlying precious metal, due to the item’s rarity, condition, age, or other external factor. single sales transaction. determined per invoice, and not on a line-item basis. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in louisiana are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in louisiana set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in louisiana. our state sales tax license number in louisiana is 2323604. furthermore, the state of louisiana requires each merchant doing business in louisiana to register for a sales tax license at the local jurisdictional parish level. provident metals has obtained a sales tax license for each of these louisiana local parish jurisdictions. these local parish jurisdictions, along with provident metals’ sales tax license number in each of these parish jurisdictions, are set forth below. acadia parish, louisiana: 04603372 allen parish, louisiana: 03805258 ascension parish, louisiana: 00028890 assumption parish, louisiana: 00010890 avoyelles parish, louisiana: 08857074 beauregard parish, louisiana: 001026207 bienville parish, louisiana: 03001064 bossier parish, louisiana: 01010374 caddo parish, louisiana: 00046179 calcasieu parish, louisiana: 00052443 caldwell parish, louisiana: 07006694 catahoula parish, louisiana: 03006325 claiborne parish, louisiana: 0000627 concordia parish, louisiana: 01010519 desoto parish, louisiana: 12682 east baton rouge parish, louisiana: 00927953 east carroll parish, louisiana: 05007440 east feleciana parish, louisiana: 7036 evangeline parish, louisiana: 00007865 franklin parish, louisiana: 0007080 grant parish, louisiana: 7774 iberia parish, louisiana: 00023620 iberville parish, louisiana: 00611742 jackson parish, louisiana: 3001600 jefferson parish, louisiana: 51469364 jefferson davis parish, louisiana: 00020175 lafayette parish, louisiana: 59132 lafourche parish, louisiana: 650002936436 lasalle, parish, louisiana: 06007494 lincoln parish, louisiana: 00016479 livingston parish, louisiana: 25748 madison parish, louisiana: 01001403 morehouse parish, louisiana: 00009474 natchitoches parish, louisiana: 00017917 orleans parish, louisiana: 105038196 ouachita parish, louisiana: 9905696 plaquemines parish, louisiana: 0019668 pointe coupee parish, louisiana: 0010489 rapides parish, louisiana: 00127749 red river parish, louisiana: 00206767 richland parish, louisiana: 3983 sabine parish, louisiana: 00009995 st. bernard parish, louisiana: 5118639 st. charles parish, louisiana: 0063931 st. helena parish, louisiana: 0011378 st. james parish, louisiana: 0012894 st. john the baptist parish, louisiana: 21508 st. landry parish, louisiana: 00027429 st. martin parish, louisiana: 0016097 st. mary parish, louisiana: 00029027 st. tammany parish, louisiana: 00010933 tangipahoa parish, louisiana: 00031389 tensas parish, louisiana: 02007284 terrebonne parish, louisiana: 650-43c029-45573 union parish, louisiana: 00102315 vermilion parish, louisiana: 0023617 vernon parish, louisiana: 03001864 washington parish, louisiana: 90932 webster parish, louisiana: 11966 west baton rouge parish, louisiana: 00036105 west carroll parish, louisiana: 101134 west feleciana parish, louisiana: 00008214 winn parish, louisiana: 00010245 if you are a louisiana-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the louisiana reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of louisiana. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of louisiana that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of louisiana, we suggest you visit the louisiana department of revenue located at https://revenue.louisiana.gov/. shop now maine the state of maine requires provident metals to collect sales taxes on all products sold by provident metals and delivered to a maine address. read more sales taxes in maine are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in maine set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in maine. our sales tax license number in maine is 1194139. if you are a maine-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the maine reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of maine. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of maine that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of maine, we suggest you visit maine revenue services located at https://www.maine.gov/revenue/. shop now maryland the state of maryland requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a maryland address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) any single sales transaction of gold, silver, platinum, or palladium where the transaction amount is less than $1,000; (3) numismatic coins; (4) coins that are not, or have not been, used as mediums of exchange of the united states or any foreign country; (5) accessory items; and (6) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in maryland: single sales transaction. determined per invoice, and not on a line-item basis. numismatic coins. coins which have an external value above and beyond the base value of the underlying precious metal, due to the item’s rarity, condition, age, or other external factor. medium of exchange. coins or currency that are acceptable as a measure of value and a standard of exchange for goods and services. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in maryland are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in maryland set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in maryland. our sales tax license number in maryland is 17338871. if you are a maryland-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the maryland reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of maryland. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of maryland that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of maryland, we suggest you visit the maryland comptroller located at https://taxes.marylandtaxes.gov/business_taxes/. shop now massachusetts the state of massachusetts requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a massachusetts address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper, platinum, and palladium products; (2) any single sales transaction of numismatic coins if the value of the sale is less than $1,000: (3) any single sales transaction of gold or silver products that are not numismatic coins if the value of the sale is less than $1,000; (4) any single sales transaction of gold or silver legal tender of any nation if the value of the sale is less than $1,000; (5) accessory items; and (6) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in massachusetts: single sales transaction. determined per invoice, and not on a line-item basis. numismatic coins. coins which have an external value above and beyond the base value of the underlying precious metal, due to the item’s rarity, condition, age, or other external factor. legal tender. coins that must be accepted if offered in payment of a debt. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in massachusetts are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in massachusetts set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in massachusetts. our sales tax license number in massachusetts is sls-18830489-003. if you are a massachusetts-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the massachusetts reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of massachusetts. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of massachusetts that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of massachusetts, we suggest you visit the massachusetts department of revenue located at https://www.mass.gov/orgs/massachusetts-department-of-revenue. shop now michigan the state of michigan requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a michigan address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) palladium products; (3) any bullion products made of gold, silver, or platinum if their purity is less than 900 parts per 1,000; (4) accessory items; and (5) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in michigan: accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in michigan are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in michigan set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in michigan. our sales tax license number in michigan is 46-1785757. if you are a michigan-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the michigan reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of michigan. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of michigan that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of michigan, we suggest you visit the michigan department of treasury located at https://www.michigan.gov/treasury/. shop now minnesota the state of minnesota requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a minnesota address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) all coins; (3) precious metal bullion that does not meet certain purity requirements; (4) accessory items; and (5) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in minnesota: coins. a coin made of gold, silver, or other metal which is or has been used as legal tender. precious metal bullion. any precious metal bullion which does not meet the definition of precious metal bullion. precious metal bullion is defined as “bars or rounds that consist of 99.9 percent or more by weight of either gold, silver, platinum, or palladium and are marked with weight, purity, and content.” accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in minnesota are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in minnesota set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in minnesota. our sales tax license number in minnesota is 5811670. if you are a minnesota-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the minnesota reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of minnesota. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of minnesota that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of minnesota, we suggest you visit the minnesota department of revenue located at http://www.revenue.state.mn.us/pages/default.aspx. shop now mississippi the state of mississippi requires provident metals to collect use taxes on all products sold by provident metals and delivered to a mississippi address. read more use taxes in mississippi are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in mississippi set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in mississippi. our sales tax license number in mississippi is 1381-2831. if you are a mississippi-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the mississippi reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged use taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of mississippi. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of mississippi that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of mississippi, we suggest you visit the mississippi department of revenue located at http://www.dor.ms.gov/pages/default.aspx. shop now missouri as currently written, the laws and regulations governing the collection of sales taxes in the state of missouri do not require provident metals to collect sales taxes in missouri. read more therefore, all products sold by provident metals and delivered to a missouri address are exempt from sales taxes. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of missouri. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of missouri that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of missouri, we suggest you visit the missouri department of revenue located at https://dor.mo.gov/. shop now montana currently there is no statewide sales tax in effect in the state of montana. read more therefore, provident metals is not required to collect sales taxes on any products delivered to an address in montana. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of montana. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of montana that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of montana, we suggest you visit the montana department of revenue located at https://mtrevenue.gov/. shop now nebraska the state of nebraska requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to nebraska address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) any bullion products made of copper; (2) any coins that currently are not, or were not previously, used as legal tender; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in nebraska: bullion. bars, ingots, or commemorative medallions of gold, silver, platinum, palladium, or a combination of these where the value of the metal depends on its content and not its form. coins. a coin made of gold, silver, or other metal which is or has been used as legal tender. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in nebraska are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in nebraska set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in nebraska. if you are a nebraska-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the nebraska resale or exempt sale certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. our sales tax license number in nebraska is 13395947. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of nebraska. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of nebraska that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of nebraska, we suggest you visit the nebraska department of revenue located at http://www.revenue.nebraska.gov/. shop now nevada the state of nevada requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a nevada address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) coins that are not used as mediums of exchange; (3) bullion that is not used as a medium of exchange; (4) accessory items; and (5) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in nevada: coins or bullion which are not used as mediums of exchange. coins, bullion, or currency that are not acceptable as a measure of value and a standard of exchange for goods and services. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in nevada are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in nevada set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in nevada. our sales tax license number in nevada is 1034116010-001. if you are a nevada-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the nevada reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of nevada. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of nevada that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of nevada, we suggest you visit the nevada department of taxation located at https://tax.nv.gov/. shop now new hampshire currently there is no statewide sales tax in effect in the state of new hampshire. read more therefore, provident metals is not required to collect sales taxes on any products delivered to an address in new hampshire. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of new hampshire. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of new hampshire that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of new hampshire, we suggest you visit the new hampshire department of revenue administration located at https://www.revenue.nh.gov/. shop now new jersey the state of new jersey requires provident metals to collect sales taxes on all products sold by provident metals and delivered to a new jersey address. read more sales taxes in new jersey are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in new jersey set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in new jersey. our sales tax license number in new jersey is 461-785-757/000. if you are a new jersey-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the new jersey reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of new jersey. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of new jersey that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of new jersey, we suggest you visit the new jersey department of the treasury located at https://www.state.nj.us/treasury/taxation/. shop now new mexico the state of new mexico requires provident metals to collect sales taxes on all products sold by provident metals and delivered to a new mexico address. read more sales taxes in new mexico are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in new mexico set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in new mexico. our sales tax license number in new mexico is 03-506263-00-0. if you are a new mexico-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the new mexico reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of new mexico. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of new mexico that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of new mexico, we suggest you visit the new mexico taxation and revenue department located at http://www.tax.newmexico.gov/. shop now new york the state of new york requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a new york address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) bullion products if the sale amount does not exceed $1,000; (3) bullion products if the sale amount exceeds $1,000, and such bullion products are further manufactured, processed, assembled, or fabricated by the buyer; (4) bullion products if the sale amount exceeds $1,000, and the price paid for such products depends on more than the metal content of such products; (5) accessory items; and (6) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in new york: bullion. precious metal that is valued solely upon its precious metal content, whether in bar, coin, round, or ingot form. sale amount. determined per invoice, and not on a line-item basis. price paid. price paid is deemed to be based on the metal content if such price does not exceed the greater of the daily closing bullion cash price of such metal or the coins’ face value at prevailing rates of exchange by the following percentages: (a) with respect to silver coins, 140%; (b) with respect to gold coins weighing one-quarter ounce or less, 120%; or (c) with respect to other coins, including gold coins weighing more than one-quarter ounce, 115%. the price paid for bars, rounds, or ingots is deemed to be based on its metal content if the price paid for the same does not exceed 115% of the bullion cash price of such metals. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in new york are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in new york set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in new york. our sales tax license number in new york is 46-1785757. if you are a new york-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the new york reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of new york. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of new york that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of new york, we suggest you visit the new york state department of taxation and finance located at https://www.tax.ny.gov/. shop now north carolina the state of north carolina requires the collection of privilege taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a north carolina address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) any products that are not smelted or refined; (3) any coins that do not have a value beyond their statutory or nominal value; (4) accessory items; and (5) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in north carolina: coins. a coin made of gold, silver, or other metal which is or has been used as legal tender. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. privilege taxes in north carolina are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in north carolina set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in north carolina. our privilege tax license number in north carolina is 003266772. if you are a north carolina-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the north carolina reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged privilege taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of north carolina. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of north carolina that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of north carolina, we suggest you visit the north carolina department of revenue located at https://www.ncdor.gov/. shop now north dakota the state of north dakota requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a north dakota address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) numismatic coins; (3) precious metal bullion which does not meet certain purity requirements; (4) accessory items; and (5) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in north dakota: numismatic coins. coins which have an external value above and beyond the base value of the underlying precious metal, due to the item’s rarity, condition, age, or other external factor. purity requirements. precious metal bullion which has not been refined to a purity of at least 999 parts per 1,000. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in north dakota are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in north dakota set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in north dakota. our sales tax license number in north dakota is 34078300. if you are a north dakota-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the north dakota reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of north dakota. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of north dakota that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of north dakota, we suggest you visit the north dakota office of state tax commissioner located at https://www.nd.gov/tax/. shop now ohio the state of ohio requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to an ohio address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) bullion comprised of gold, silver, platinum, or palladium that does not meet certain purity requirements; (2) copper products including coins or bullion; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in ohio: bullion. precious metal that is valued solely upon its precious metal content, whether in bar, round, or ingot form (note: in ohio, coins comprised primarily of gold, silver, platinum, or palladium are excluded from the definition of bullion). purity requirements. gold bullion with a minimum purity of 0.995%; silver bullion with a minimum purity of 0.999%; platinum bullion with a minimum purity of 0.9995%; and palladium bullion with a minimum purity of 0.9995%. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in ohio are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in ohio set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in ohio. provident metals began collecting sales taxes in ohio on september 1, 2019. additionally, ohio enacted legislation in 2021 that eliminated the taxability of certain items sold by provident metals. this new legislation went into effect on july 1, 2021. our sales tax license number in ohio is 99117506. if you are an ohio-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the ohio reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of ohio. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of ohio that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of ohio, we suggest you visit the ohio department of taxation located at https://www.tax.ohio.gov/. shop now oklahoma the state of oklahoma requires the collection of vendor use taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to an oklahoma address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) coins that are not currently, or were not previously, used as legal tender in the united states or any foreign country; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in oklahoma: coins. a coin made of gold, silver, or other metal which is or has been used as legal tender in the united states or any foreign country. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. vendor use taxes in oklahoma are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in oklahoma set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in oklahoma. our sales tax license number in oklahoma is svu-14985525-02. if you are an oklahoma-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the oklahoma reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged vendor use taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of oklahoma. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of oklahoma that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of oklahoma, we suggest you visit the oklahoma tax commission located at https://www.ok.gov/tax/. shop now oregon currently there is no statewide sales tax in effect in the state of oregon. read more therefore, provident metals is not required to collect sales taxes on any products delivered to an address in oregon. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of oregon. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of oregon that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of oregon, we suggest you visit the oregon department of revenue located at https://www.oregon.gov/dor/pages/index.aspx. shop now pennsylvania the state of pennsylvania requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a pennsylvania address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) coins that are not currently, or were not previously, used as legal tender in the united states or any foreign country; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in pennsylvania: coins. a coin made of gold, silver, or other metal which has not or has not ever been used as legal tender in the united states or any foreign country. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in pennsylvania are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in pennsylvania set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in pennsylvania. our sales tax license number in pennsylvania is 67634659. if you are a pennsylvania-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the pennsylvania reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of pennsylvania. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of pennsylvania that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of pennsylvania, we suggest you visit the pennsylvania department of revenue located at https://www.revenue.pa.gov/pages/default.aspx. shop now rhode island the state of rhode island requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a rhode island address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) bullion products that are not melted or refined; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in rhode island: bullion. precious metal that is valued solely upon its precious metal content, whether in coin or ingot form. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in rhode island are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in rhode island set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in rhode island. our sales tax license number in rhode island is 2-0952-9537. if you are a rhode island-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the rhode island reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of rhode island. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of rhode island that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of rhode island, we suggest you visit the rhode island division of taxation located at http://www.tax.ri.gov/. shop now south carolina the state of south carolina requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a south carolina address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper or palladium products; (2) any coins that are not, or previously were not, used as legal tender in the united states or any other jurisdiction; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in south carolina: coins. a coin made of gold, silver, or other metal which is or has been used as legal tender. legal tender. coins that must be accepted if offered in payment of a debt. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. as required by south carolina law, provident metals is required to notify its south carolina customers of the following: individual 85 years and older you are entitled to a 1% state sales tax reduction on items purchased for your personal use. you must ask for the reduction and present proof of your age. if you are a south carolina customer who wishes to claim this 1% reduction in sales tax, please place your order through provident metals’ toll-free customer service number, 1-800-276-6508. our customer service representatives will be happy to place your order for you and apply the 1% reduction in sales tax. before your order is shipped, you will be required to mail, email or fax a copy of a document to provident metals providing proof of your age. sales taxes in south carolina are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in south carolina set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in south carolina. our sales tax license number in south carolina is 102924631. if you are a south carolina-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the south carolina reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of south carolina. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of south carolina that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of south carolina, we suggest you visit the south carolina department of revenue located at https://dor.sc.gov/. shop now south dakota the state of south dakota requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a south dakota address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) numismatic coins; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in south dakota: numismatic coins. coins which have an external value above and beyond the base value of the underlying precious metal, due to the item’s rarity, condition, age, or other external factor. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in south dakota are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in south dakota set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in south dakota. our sales tax license number in south dakota is 1033-8380-st. if you are a south dakota-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the south dakota reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of south dakota. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of south dakota that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of south dakota, we suggest you visit the south dakota department of revenue located at https://dor.sd.gov/. shop now tennessee the state of tennessee requires provident metals to collect sales taxes on all products sold by provident metals and delivered to a tennessee address. read more sales taxes in tennessee are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in tennessee set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in tennessee. our sales tax license number in tennessee is 1001527243-slc. if you are a tennessee-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the tennessee certificate of resale form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of tennessee. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of tennessee that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of tennessee, we suggest you visit the tennessee department of revenue located at https://www.tn.gov/revenue.html. shop now texas the state of texas requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a texas address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper and palladium bullion products; (2) copper, palladium, and platinum coin products; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in texas: bullion. precious metal that is valued solely upon its precious metal content, whether in coin or bar form. coin. a small, flat, round piece of metal which is, or has been used as legal tender, with a number showing its value and often a decorative picture. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in texas are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in texas set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in texas. our sales tax license number in texas is 3-20544-5724-0. if you are a texas-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the texas reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of texas. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of texas that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of texas, we suggest you visit the texas comptroller of public accounts located at https://comptroller.texas.gov/taxes/. shop now utah the state of utah requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a utah address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) bullion products made of copper or palladium; (2) bullion products made of gold, silver, or platinum if the gold, silver, or platinum content of such product is less than 50%; (3) numismatic coins unless such numismatic coins are also used as legal tender; (4) accessory items; and (5) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in utah: legal tender. coins that must be accepted if offered in payment of a debt. bullion. precious metal that is valued solely upon its precious metal content, whether in coin or bar form. numismatic coins. coins which have an external value above and beyond the base value of the underlying precious metal, due to the item’s rarity, condition, age, or other external factor. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in utah are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in utah set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in utah. our sales tax license number in utah is 14741445-003-stc. if you are a utah-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the utah reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of utah. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of utah that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of utah, we suggest you visit the utah state tax commission located at https://tax.utah.gov/. shop now vermont the state of vermont requires provident metals to collect sales taxes on all products sold by provident metals and delivered to a vermont address. read more sales taxes in vermont are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in vermont set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in vermont. our sales tax license number in vermont is sut-10958338-001. if you are a vermont-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the vermont reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of vermont. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of vermont that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of vermont, we suggest you visit the vermont department of taxes located at https://tax.vermont.gov/home/. shop now virginia the commonwealth of virginia requires the collection of use taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a virginia address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) bullion products made of copper or palladium; (2) coins that are mediums of exchange if the sale price of a single sales transaction is less than $1,000; (3) numismatic coins if such coins cannot be used as mediums of exchange and if the sale price of a single sales transaction is less than $1,000; (4) any sale of gold, silver, or platinum bullion if the sale price of a single sales transaction is less than $1,000; (5) any sale of gold, silver or platinum bullion if such metals have not gone through a refining process; (6) accessory items; and (7) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in virginia: bullion. precious metal that is valued solely upon its precious metal content, whether in coin or bar form. coin. a small, flat, round piece of metal which is, or has been used as legal tender, with a number showing its value and often a decorative picture. legal tender. coins that must be accepted if offered in payment of a debt. single sales transaction. determined per invoice, and not on a line-item basis. numismatic coins. coins which have an external value above and beyond the base value of the underlying precious metal, due to the item’s rarity, condition, age, or other external factor. medium of exchange. coins or currency that are acceptable as a measure of value and a standard of exchange for goods and services. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. use taxes in virginia are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in virginia set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in virginia. our use tax license number in virginia is 461785757. if you are a virginia-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the virginia certificate of exemption form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged use taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales and use tax laws and requirements in the commonwealth of virginia. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the commonwealth of virginia that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales and use tax laws and requirements in the commonwealth of virginia, we suggest you visit the virginia department of taxation located at https://tax.virginia.gov/. shop now washington the state of washington requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a washington address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) accessory items; and (3) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in washington: accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in washington are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in washington set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in washington. our sales tax license number in washington is 604338501. if you are a washington-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the washington reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of washington. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of washington that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of washington, we suggest you visit the washington department of revenue located at https://dor.wa.gov/. shop now west virginia the state of west virginia requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a west virginia address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products, unless such copper product is a numismatic coin or otherwise a form of money or legal tender that has a fair market value greater than its nominal face value; (2) any product that has not been put through a process of smelting or refining; (3) any product that has been put through a process of smelting or refining, but which is in a state that its value depends on its form rather than its content; (4) any coins that are not used as money or legal tender and are not numismatic coins; (5) any coins that are used as money or legal tender, but have a fair market value that is not greater than the nominal face value of such coins; ; (6) accessory items; and (7) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in west virginia: legal tender. coins that must be accepted if offered in payment of a debt. numismatic coins. coins which have an external value above and beyond the base value of the underlying precious metal, due to the item’s rarity, condition, age, or other external factor. coin. a small, flat, round piece of metal which is, or has been used as legal tender, with a number showing its value and often a decorative picture. accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in west virginia are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in west virginia set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in west virginia. our sales tax license number in west virginia is 2362-8976. if you are a west virginia-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the west virginia reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of west virginia. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of west virginia that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of west virginia, we suggest you visit the west virginia department of revenue located at https://revenue.wv.gov/pages/default.aspx. shop now wisconsin the state of wisconsin requires provident metals to collect sales taxes on all products sold by provident metals and delivered to a wisconsin address. read more sales taxes in wisconsin are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in wisconsin set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in wisconsin. our sales tax license number in wisconsin is 456-1030231457-02. if you are a wisconsin-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the wisconsin reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of wisconsin. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of wisconsin that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of wisconsin, we suggest you visit the wisconsin department of revenue located at https://www.revenue.wi.gov/pages/home.aspx. shop now wyoming the state of wyoming requires the collection of sales taxes on certain products sold by provident metals and delivered to a wyoming address. read more these taxes must be collected on (1) copper products; (2) any uncoined bullion regardless of precious metal type; (3) accessory items; and (4) processed items. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. all other products sold by provident metals are exempt from these taxes. the following definitions apply to products on which taxes must be collected in wyoming: uncoined bullion. any bullion which does not meet the definition of coined bullion. coined bullion. refined bullion which is coined, stamped or imprinted with its weight and purity, and valued primarily based on its metal content and not is form. bullion. precious metal that is valued solely upon its precious metal content, whether in coin or bar form. •	accessory items. items such as holders, tubes, coin flips, and apparel. processed items. precious metals that have been processed by third parties into items that are valued on more than their precious metal content, such as statues or colorized coins. sales taxes in wyoming are calculated at checkout on the provident metals website based on (1) the taxability of products sold by provident metals in wyoming set forth above, and (2) the specific tax rates established by the taxing jurisdiction of the delivery address in wyoming. our sales tax license number in wyoming is 24031358. if you are a wyoming-based reseller and wish to file a reseller certificate with provident metals, please download the wyoming reseller certificate form here. once you have filled out this form, either email it to help@providentmetals.com; or mail it to provident metals corp, 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225. once we receive your completed reseller certificate, we will enter it into our system, and you will not be charged sales taxes on future orders as long as your reseller certificate remains valid and in force. please note: the above is not a comprehensive description of sales tax laws and requirements in the state of wyoming. it is only intended to provide the reader with a brief overview of those sales tax laws and requirements currently in effect in the state of wyoming that relate to the reader’s transactions with provident metals. if you would like to research the sales tax laws and requirements in the state of wyoming, we suggest you visit the wyoming department of revenue located at http://revenue.wyo.gov/. as your trusted partner in the bullion industry, we are committed to providing exceptional precious metals products, fast shipping, and the highest-quality customer service in the industry. we invite you to explore what we have to offer, and experience the provident metals difference for yourself. shop now subscribe to our newsletter to receive exclusive discounts and industry news. subscribe company info follow us: pm facebook pm twitter pm pinterest pm youtube pm instagram provident metals blog about provident metals why provident metals? contact us find what you want product guides local directory gold prices silver prices customer service & support my account where's my order? sell to us ordering / payment policies shipping policies privacy policies cookie policy return & cancellation policy terms and conditions accessibility bullion buying guide faq reviews sales tax do not sell my personal information provident metals provident metals corp 6125 luther lane, #465 dallas, tx 75225 (800) 313-33158am-6pm central monday - friday help@providentmetals.com providentmetals.com purchase with confidence © copyright 2022 provident metals corp. all rights reserved.