来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221230122800/https://www.providentmetals.com/silver.html
================================================================================

buy silver bullion coins, bars, and rounds | provident metals™ gold silver platinum palladium see all metals updated: 11/29/2022 10:13:24 pm et gold$1,762.194.24 silver$21.520.04 platinum$1,023.644.16 palladium$1,905.8820.99 show charts hide charts 1762.19 4.24 21.52 0.04 1023.64 4.16 1905.88 20.99 11/29/2022 10:12:30 pm （800）313-3315 free shipping on orders of $199 or more log in 0cart item quantity your cart is empty edit cart subtotal:$0.00 checkout create an account first name last name email phone number password retype password by creating an account, you are agreeing to the terms of service and the privacy policy. already have an account? login log in email password remember me forgot password ? i'm new here create an account track an order? check order status reset your password enter your email address and we will send you a link to reset your password. email send password reset email or return to log in search here popular in stock bullion new arrivals medieval legends lady godiva round 2022 silver eagle 2022 gold eagle 2022 silver maple leaf see all popular bullion 1 oz silver rounds 1 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz gold bars 2022 silver 2022 silver eagle 2022 silver maple 2022 silver kangaroo 2022 lunar tiger 2022 kookaburra 2022 gold 2022 gold eagle 2022 gold maple 2022 gold buffalo 2022 1/10 oz gold eagle 2022 gold britannia popular series medieval legends egyptian gods provident lunar series provident prospector world of dragons warrior series queen’s beasts four horsemen gold in stock gold us mint gold american eagles buffalos pre-33 gold commems & other royal canadian mint gold maple leafs rcm bars commems & other perth mint gold gold bars kangaroos lunar series gold bars by mint by weight 1 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars other gold coins south african krugerrands british britannias queen’s beasts austrian philharmonics chinese pandas mexican libertads mexican pesos old gold coins south korean gold rounds certified gold coins ngc pcgs united states gold notes browse by mints silver in stock silver silver eagles american eagles proof eagles certified eagles america the beautiful 90% “junk” us silver 40% “junk” us silver silver dollars canadian silver maple leafs predator series rcm bars collectibles specialty silver certified silver coins silver rounds by weight by brand 1 oz rounds fractional silver rounds proof rounds high relief rounds antiqued & colorized silver bars by weight by brand 1 oz bars 5 oz bars 10 oz bars kilo silver bars 100 oz bars silver coins britannias queen’s beasts chinese pandas austrian philharmonics african krugerrands mexican libertads south korean silver coins niue coins tuvalu coins somali elephants australian silver coins kangaroos kookaburras koalas next generation lunar series more metals copper rounds 1 oz copper rounds 5 oz copper rounds copper bars 1 oz copper bars other copper bullion copper wheat pennies platinum group metals platinum coins & bars palladium coins & bars other legal tender other products deals sell to us supplies coin supplies coin & bar capsules coin & bar tubes specialty coin tubes other supplies protection/gloves more faq contact us sales tax provident blog investing guide ira program price charts close popular gold silver copper deals sell to us supplies home > buy silver bullion coins, bars, and rounds buy silver bullion coins, bars, and rounds in stock silver american silver eagles silver rounds silver bars canadian silver 90% silver coins certified silver 40% silver coins silver dollars australian silver silver krugerrands silver britannias queen\'s beast silver america the beautiful silver coins specialty silver foreign silver coins austrian silver philharmonics armenian silver mexican silver libertads chinese silver pandas south korean silver coins silver elephants niue silver coins tuvalu silver coins mexican silver pesos vintage silver coins holiday bullion silver bullion bars, coins, & rounds gold may be the king of precious metals for some investors, but it's silver that many turn to for its affordability and variety. silver has served as both a currency and commodity for thousands of years. today, this white metal continues to hold allure and value as one of the world's most popular and affordable precious metal investments. many factors determine whether you should buy gold or silver bullion. but for many beginners, buying silver is an affordable and fun way to get started in precious metals investing. its much lower price in relation to gold and its wide range of beautiful designs makes it popular with novice investors and collectors alike. if you are wondering if silver is a good investment for you, discover some questions to ask before buying bullion, get started on the right foot with a beginner's guide to precious metals investing, learn about some common gold and silver buying mistakes, and more in our knowledge center. how to buy sovereign and private mints around the world produce silver bullion. there are three main types: coins minted by the government, coins carry a legal tender face value. you can also purchase most silver coins in a precious metals ira. many coins are part of an annually-released series, making them highly collectible. rounds private mints produce most silver rounds. rounds resemble coins, but do not carry legal tender value. bars bars are generally larger, made in an elongated shape, and are easy to store and accumulate. many people buy silver bars for investment purposes. which type of silver is best? there's no one answer. a well-built portfolio will contain a variety of bullion products. many investors like to accumulate bars for their investment potential. but many also love to buy coins and rounds for their beauty and collectibility. the possibilities are endless! where can i check the spot price of silver? “spot price” refers to the current value of a metal. for silver, spot price represents the price of one ounce of the metal. some of the factors that can impact spot prices include global economic activities, geopolitical news, and federal reserve action. provident metals features current spot prices on the top four precious metals: gold, silver, platinum, and palladium. visit our silver spot price charts page for a more in-depth look at market trends. where can i buy silver at spot? precious metals dealers typically charge the metal's spot price plus a premium on all products. the premium covers the cost of minting and fabricating the product. of course, most investors want to pay as close to the current spot price as possible. fortunately, reputable dealers like provident metals make it easy to buy bullion at a competitive premium over spot. if you're new to precious metals investing, a great way to start your portfolio is to buy silver at spot price. and there's no better way to do it than with a provident metals starter pack. as your trusted friend in the bullion industry, we're here to help you start your precious metals journey on the right foot! what is the difference between sovereign and private mint bullion? sovereign mints operate in connection with national governments. their products must meet specific regulations and requirements to help ensure consistent quality. many sovereign-minted products carry legal tender, such as coinage. examples of sovereign mints include the united states mint, the perth mint, and the royal canadian mint. private mints operate independently of the national government. privately-minted products often have the same metal content and purity as sovereign-minted products. but they are usually more affordable and come in a wider variety of unique designs. examples of private mints include pamp suisse, engelhard, and johnson matthey. silver coins a silver coin is a round that is minted and backed by the government. many silver coins carry a legal tender value. but as the value of the silver usually exceeds the face value of the coin, they aren't used in typical financial transactions. how are coins made? mints produce silver coins with dies that forcefully strike a blank piece of metal. the obverse (front) design for the coin uses one die, and another die is for the reverse (back) design. the die strikes bullion coins once, and proof coins two or more times. silver bullion coins usually have a fineness of .999. however, mints produce some silver coins with a fineness of .9999, as in canadian silver maple leafs, the australian lunar series, and the queen's beasts series. you can buy silver coins with a fineness of .999 or more in a precious metals ira. how to buy coins mints produce silver coins in a variety of unique designs, and sizes ranging anywhere from fractional weights to a kilo or more. some of the most common coin sizes include 1-ounce, 5 oz, and kilo. but most investors prefer to buy the 1 oz weight for their affordability and tradeability. how to store coins there are many ways to store silver, ranging from your home to a private depository. choosing the right storage method for you depends on the value of the coins you buy and your own level of comfort. the best type of coins to buy many factors will determine which silver coins are best to buy for you. variables such as condition, purity, and the producing mint can vary widely. so investors must take great care when purchasing from unknown sources. rest assured that when you buy from provident metals, you are buying coins, bars, and rounds that are only produced by the most trusted mints in the world. coins versus bars generally speaking, market prices determine the value of precious metals. therefore, some coins are more expensive than bars because they have more collectible value. for example, certified silver coins often sell for a higher price than other types of silver bullion because of their historical significance, one-of-a-kind design, or grading. silver coins are often made with intricate designs, which are more costly to produce than their more austere bar cousins. and many mints produce coins for only a limited time or in limited amounts. it's this scarcity that makes them extremely desirable (and more valuable) to collectors and history buffs. also, federal governments guarantee the face value, weight, and purity of sovereign coins. all these factors often result in higher premiums on coins than bars. deciding whether it's better to buy coins or bars is based on your investment goals and preference. research the pros and cons of each to determine which option best suits your needs. silver bullion bars why buy silver bars? the answer is easy: value. if you would like to buy silver as an investment only, then you may find that buying silver bars is one of the most cost-effective ways to own this important metal. that's because bars generally match sovereign coins in content and purity, but cost less. if you're looking to buy silver bars, you'll enjoy a variety of weights and styles to suit any budget and investment goals. how are bars made? silver bars are commonly refined into two types: cast bars and ingots. mints produce cast silver bars in a rugged style by melting silver in a large vat and then pouring it into prefabricated molds. most cast bars are stamped with only a simple refinery logo and the weight, purity, and metal content. silver ingots start out as cast bars, but they are further refined with sharper edges, a more brilliant finish, and intricate design elements. as you might imagine, cast silver bars cost less to produce and usually sell for lower premiums than minted ingots. how to buy bars when you buy silver bars, you'll be able to choose from a myriad of beautiful designs from mints all over the world. you will also have your choice of a variety of weights, ranging from fractional weights to 1-kilo or more. how to buy bars by weight silver bars come in a wide range of weights to suit any budget and investment goals. but most investors buy bars in 1-ounce, 10-ounce, and 100-ounce weights because they are easier to stack and trade. buy bars by design you can also buy silver bars in a wide range of beautiful designs. from exquisite pamp fortuna bars, to beautiful engravings in both english and french on the iconic and highly-sought after canadian silver bars, to even fun specialty silver like silver bullets and shot, there is no end to the types of bullion bars that will suit your style. the best type of bars to buy wondering which silver bars are best to buy? it all depends on your style, budget, and investment goals. no matter what you choose, you can rest assured knowing that you are investing in a commodity that has stood the test of time and continues to be the among the safest assets to fund your investment portfolio. what do bars cost? when you buy silver bars, the price differences you see are usually due to the size and weight of the bar. the quality of the finish, popularity of the design, and the reputation of the producing mint also go into determining how much they cost. browse our inventory to determine which one is best for your budget. how do i know my silver bars are real? counterfeiting techniques becoming more and more advanced. so investors have growing concerns about the authenticity of their precious metal holdings. the best way to ensure that your silver bullion is real is to only buy from a reputable and accredited dealer like provident metals. however, there are also a few simple ways to test the authenticity of your metal at home. you can do a size test by comparing the dimensions and weight of your bar to charts available online. or, you can place an ice cube on top of your silver bullion, as genuine silver will begin to melt the ice immediately due to its thermal energy storage. and real silver does not have any magnetic properties, so your bar should not be drawn to a magnet. silver bullion rounds silver rounds are a convenient, low-cost addition to any investor's precious metals portfolio. rounds are circular bullion discs of varying weights and designs produced mainly by private mints. but they are sometimes also produced by government mints. why buy rounds? silver bullion rounds are minted to an equally high purity standard as silver coins. however, they have no “face value”, which means they are not recognized as legal tender by governments and therefore cannot be spent as currency. many buyers feel that rounds are a good investment because they can enjoy lower premiums and choose from a wide range of collectible designs at the same time. how to buy rounds if you're looking to buy silver bullion rounds, you'll have your choice of a wide range of different weights and designs. however, like silver coins, most investors buy silver rounds that are 1 ounce or less for their affordability and stackability. deciding which are best for you all depends on your style, budget, and investment goals. silver rounds series many privately-minted silver bullion rounds are released as a collectible series. whether you're drawn to the allure of the high-relief egyptian gods series, the anticipation of each new release in the exciting new world of dragons series, the wild west spirit of the prospector series, or our ever-popular zombucks series, you are sure to find a theme that appeals to you! rounds versus coins many investors choose to buy silver rounds over coins simply because rounds get them more metal for their money. many buyers feel that rounds are a good investment because they often get the same weight, purity, and gorgeous designs as many sovereign-minted coins, but at a lower premium over spot price. despite being produced by private mints, rounds are widely traded and trusted in the bullion industry. how do i sell my silver bullion? provident metals isn't just a top seller of precious metal coins and bars,. we also offer industry-leading prices for the purchase of gold, silver, platinum and palladium products. so when you're ready, you'll find that it's as easy to sell to provident metals as it is to buy with us. call us to lock in one of the best buy prices in the industry. where is the best place to buy silver online? look no further. whether you're buying silver bullion to invest, to build a collection, or simply for fun, provident metals is a secure place to begin your precious metals journey. we've shipped over 1 million orders through our secure online ordering process, and we are proud to maintain an a+ rating by the better business bureau. we proudly offer coins, rounds, and bars from the most trusted and respected mints around the world. with so many products to choose from at industry-leading prices, your only challenge will be deciding which one best suits your style. start shopping with your trusted friend in the bullion industry today! subscribe to our newsletter to receive exclusive discounts and industry news. subscribe company info follow us: pm facebook pm twitter pm pinterest pm youtube pm instagram provident metals blog about provident metals why provident metals? contact us find what you want product guides local directory gold prices silver prices customer service & support my account where's my order? sell to us ordering / payment policies shipping policies privacy policies cookie policy return & cancellation policy terms and conditions accessibility bullion buying guide faq reviews sales tax do not sell my personal information provident metals provident metals corp 6125 luther lane, #465 dallas, tx 75225 (800) 313-33158am-6pm central monday - friday help@providentmetals.com providentmetals.com purchase with confidence © copyright 2022 provident metals corp. all rights reserved.