来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231220140119/https://www.providentmetals.com/privacy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy - provident metals gold silver platinum palladium see all metals updated: 12/03/2023 01:32:01 pm et gold$2,083.880.43 silver$25.680.00 platinum$950.835.92 palladium$1,049.500.00 show charts hide charts 2083.88 0.43 25.68 0.00 950.83 5.92 1049.5 0.00 12/03/2023 01:31:08 pm （800）313-3315 free shipping on orders of $199 or more log in 0cart item quantity your cart is empty edit cart subtotal:$0.00 checkout create an account first name last name email phone number password retype password by creating an account, you are agreeing to the terms of service and the privacy policy. already have an account? login log in email password remember me forgot password ? i'm new here create an account track an order? check order status reset your password enter your email address and we will send you a link to reset your password. email send password reset email or return to log in search here popular in stock bullion new arrivals emoji zombucks see all popular bullion 1 oz silver rounds 1 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz gold bars 2024 silver 2024 silver american eagle 2024 silver lunar dragon 2024 silver british britannia 2024 silver tudor beasts 2024 silver somalia elephant 2024 gold 2024 gold american eagles 2024 gold lunar dragon 2024 gold british britannia 2024 gold tudor beasts 2024 gold somalia elephant provident original series zombucks u.s. armed forces lunar year of the dragon emoji medieval legends provident prospector holiday nebü gold jewelry gold in stock gold us mint gold american eagles buffalos pre-33 gold commems & other royal canadian mint gold maple leafs rcm bars commems & other perth mint gold gold bars kangaroos lunar series gold bars by mint by weight 1 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars other gold coins south african krugerrands british britannias queen’s beasts austrian philharmonics chinese pandas mexican libertads mexican pesos old gold coins south korean gold rounds certified gold coins ngc pcgs united states nebü gold jewelry gold notes browse by mints silver in stock silver silver eagles american eagles proof eagles certified eagles america the beautiful 90% “junk” us silver 40% “junk” us silver silver dollars canadian silver maple leafs predator series rcm bars collectibles specialty silver certified silver coins silver rounds by weight by brand 1 oz rounds fractional silver rounds proof rounds high relief rounds antiqued & colorized silver bars by weight by brand 1 oz bars 5 oz bars 10 oz bars kilo silver bars 100 oz bars halloween silver coins britannias queen’s beasts chinese pandas austrian philharmonics african krugerrands mexican libertads south korean silver coins niue coins tuvalu coins somali elephants australian silver coins kangaroos kookaburras koalas next generation lunar series more metals copper rounds 1 oz copper rounds 5 oz copper rounds copper bars 1 oz copper bars other copper bullion copper wheat pennies platinum group metals platinum coins & bars palladium coins & bars other legal tender other products deals sell to us supplies coin supplies coin & bar capsules coin & bar tubes specialty coin tubes other supplies protection/gloves more faq contact us sales tax provident blog investing guide ira program price charts close popular gold silver copper deals sell to us supplies privacy policy effective date: january 1, 2023 last reviewed: august 7, 2023 welcome to the provident metals privacy policy (this “policy”). for the purposes of this policy, the terms (“provident” “our,” “we” or “us”) refer to provident metals corp. and (except for the purposes of this paragraph and as explicitly referred to elsewhere in this policy) its parent in relation to the provident business. “you” or “your” refers to you, as a user of our services, including any use of our websites and mobile apps, whether operated by us or on our behalf (“services”). this policy explains to you our practices in relation to our own business regarding your personal information, including how we collect, use, disclose, and share your personal information, and your rights regarding the personal information we collect.  by using our services, you indicate your acceptance of this policy. this policy describes: personal information we collect how we collect your personal information; how we use your personal information; how we disclose your personal information; how we protect your personal information; ability to update and correct personal information; california privacy rights; eea and united kingdom privacy rights; changes to the policy; questions about this policy; and glossary information we collect provident collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to any individual or a household (“personal information”). provident also collects non-personal information that cannot be linked or associated with any individual person or household. when non-personal information is combined with other information so that it does identify an individual person, we treat that combination as personal information. we may also collect, use, disclose, and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose.  aggregated data may be derived from your personal information but is not considered personal information as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal information about you, which we have grouped together as follows: identifiers such as your first name, last name, alias, username or similar unique personal identifier, account name, online identifier, and/or date of birth. contact information such as your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers. financial information such as bank account and routing numbers, credit or debit card information, payment details, or paypal payment information. professional or employment information such as your company name. profile data such as user name, password, details about the products you have purchased, payments you have made, and/or other details of products and services you have purchased from us in the past, purchase or product preferences, feedback and survey responses. internet and other electronic network activity information such as internet protocol (ip) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our services. commercial data such as order amount, details about the products you have purchased, payments you have made, and/or other details of products you have purchased from us in the past. usage data includes information about how you use our services. marketing and communications information such as marketing campaign data, click throughs, your preferences and consent in receiving marketing from us and our third parties, and your communication preferences. inference data including inferences drawn from the personal information identified above. how long will you use my personal information for? we will only retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. we may retain your personal information for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you. to determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements. if you fail to provide personal information. where we need to collect personal information by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). in this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time. information you provide to a third party.  the services may include links and plug-ins to websites operated by third parties such as facebook (“third-party sites”).  provident does not control any third-party sites and is not responsible for any information they may collect.  the information collection practices of a third-party site are governed by its privacy policy. it is your choice to enter any third-party site.  we recommend that you read its privacy policy if you choose to do so. children’s privacy. the services are intended for adult use only and is not directed towards children, minors, or anyone under the age of 18. if you are under the age of 13, you are not authorized to provide us with any personal information. if the parent or guardian of a child under 13 believes that the child has provided us with any personal information, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us at the email address below and to have this personal information deleted from our files. how we collect your personal information information you provide to us: provident may collect personal information from you that you voluntarily provide to us in various ways, including, but not limited to: create an account with us place an order or purchase products from us or otherwise use our services submit a contact us form submit a reply to a blog posting use the chat feature or other interactive tools on our website call, email, or otherwise communicate with us otherwise interact with the services information we collect when you use our services automated technologies or interactions. as is true of most websites, we receive and store certain types of personal information whenever you interact with us online. this information may include internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. when you access and use our services from your mobile devices, we receive data from that mobile device. this may include your device id, location data, ip address and device type. you may manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share location information with us, as well as how your mobile browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting your mobile device privacy and security settings. please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings. cookies and tracking technologies. cookies are small files that we or our service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser that enables us or our service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. we use cookies to help us understand how users use the services. for example, cookies gather information about how long you spend on a web page so that we can understand what web pages are of most interest to users. if you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off cookies by adjusting your browser settings. please read our cookie policy for more information. if you turn off your cookies, some of the features of the services may not function properly. information we collect from third parties we collect personal information from various third parties, including those listed below. the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information received from third parties is governed by the privacy policies listed on the website where the information was submitted by the user. third parties may send their own cookies and pixel tags to you and may collect information and use it in a way inconsistent with this policy. please carefully review these third-party privacy policies to understand how your information may be collected, used, and disclosed by these third parties. third party service providers. we collect personal information from service providers including where we operate accounts on third-party platforms, such as call center and email platforms, and social media platforms. third party advertising partners. we collect personal information received from third-party advertising partners, including partners who host and manage various online advertisements. google analytics.  we use google analytics and google analytics advertising features, namely remarketing with google analytics, to assist us in better understanding our website visitors and serve more relevant advertisements.  google uses first party cookies, identifiers for mobile devices, or similar technology to collect usage data.  based on this information, google compiles data about website traffic and interactions, which we use to offer better user experiences, perform analytics, analyze traffic, personalize content, and offer ads that match your interest.  you can learn more about how google analytics collects and uses information from our website at: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.  visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ to get the google analytics opt-out browser add-on.  you can also opt out of advertising cookies using the google ad settings or do not share my personal information link. third party cookies.  we engage third-party service providers, including google and facebook, to serve ads to you about our products and services as you browse the internet. these third-party providers may use their own cookies tags to track your online activities and purchases in order to deliver targeted advertising based on your interests.  please read our cookie policy here. your ‘do not track’ browser setting. some web browsers incorporate a do not track (“dnt”) feature that signals to the websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. at this time, our website does not respond to dnt signals.  other third-party websites may keep track of your browsing activities when they provide you with content, which enables them to customize what they present to you on their websites. how we use your personal information we will only use your personal information when the law allows us to. most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances: where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. where we need to comply with a legal obligation. click here to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal information. generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. you have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us. purposes for which we will use your personal information our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. we have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal information, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. we have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. note that we may process your personal information for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your personal information. please contact us if you need details about the specific lawful ground we are relying on to process your personal information where more than one ground has been set out in the table below. purpose/activity type of personal data lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest collect and process payments and complete transactions (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) financial (d) employment (e) marketing and communications performance of a contract with you provide the products, services, and customer support you request (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) financial (d) employment (e) marketing and communications performance of a contract with you verify your identity and account information in connection with products or services you request (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) financial (d) employment (e) marketing and communications (a) performance of a contract with you (b) necessary to comply with a legal obligation (c) necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services) provide you with recommendations for products and services that we believe would be of interest to you (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) employment (d) profile (e) usage (f) marketing and communications (g) internet (h) inference necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and provident ) provide you with our newsletter if you have subscribed to it (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) employment (d) marketing and communications performance of a contract with you assist you with setting up and managing your customer account with us (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) financial (d) employment (e) profile (f) marketing and communications (a) performance of a contract with you (b) necessary for our legitimate interests (for running provident, provision of administration and it services, network security resolve disputes (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) financial (d) employment (e) internet (f) profile (g) usage (h) marketing and communications (a) performance of a contract with you (b) necessary for our legitimate interests (for running provident, provision of administration and it services, network security (c) necessary to comply with a legal obligation troubleshoot problems, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting data (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) employment (d) technical (a) necessary for our legitimate interests (for running provident, provision of administration and it services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a reorganization or restructuring exercise) (b) necessary to comply with a legal obligation enforce our terms and conditions and the terms of this policy (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) financial (d) employment (e) internet (f) profile (g) usage (h) marketing and communications (a) performance of a contract with you (b) necessary for our legitimate interests (for running provident, protection of our legal rights) (c) necessary to comply with a legal obligation customize, measure and improve our services, content, and advertising (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) profile (d) employment (e) usage (f) marketing and communications (g) internet (h) inference necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how end users use/purchase our products/services, to develop them, to develop provident and to inform our marketing strategy) inform you about our products, services, updates and promotional offers (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) profile (d) employment (e) usage (f) marketing and communications (g) internet (h) inference necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and provident) to protect our interests, including establishing, exercising and defending legal rights and claims (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) financial (d) employment (e) profile (f) usage (g) internet (h) marketing and communications (a) necessary for our legitimate interests (for running provident, provision of administration and it services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a reorganization or restructuring exercise) (b) necessary to comply with a legal obligation as necessary to comply with legal requirements, to prevent fraud, to co-operate with law enforcement and regulatory authorities, and to stop other prohibited, illegal, or harmful activities (a) identifiers (b) contact (c) financial (d) employment (e) usage (f) internet necessary to comply with a legal obligation for purposes disclosed at the time you provide/we request your personal information or as otherwise set forth in this policy as disclosed at the time your personal information is requested as disclosed at the time your personal information is requested how we disclose your personal information we disclose your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this policy and with our business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors in order to provide you with our services and perform any contract we enter into with them or you. information you instruct us to share.  you may be presented with an option on our service to have us send certain information to third parties or give them access to it. if you choose to do so, your personal information and other information may be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the third-party privacy policies and practices of such third parties. service providers.  we may use third-party service providers to perform certain business services and may disclose personal information to such service providers as needed for them to perform these business services. service providers are only allowed to use, disclose, or retain the personal information to provide these services and are prohibited from selling personal information. business services provided include, but are not limited to, hosting services, software as a service, document management services, communications services such as email, text, and chat services, software and website development services, collection services, payment processing services, accounting and audit services, compliance services, quality control services, analytics services, call center services, and marketing services. internal third parties. we may disclose personal information to our parent company, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, licensees, affiliates, or business partners and others, including where disclosure of your personal information is needed to protect the employees, independent contractors, officers, directors, members, users, or shareholders of provident who may use the personal information for the purposes described above. the following categories of personal information that have been disclosed to service providers and internal third parties for a business purpose in the past twelve months include: identifiers contact information financial information professional or employment information profile data internet and other electronic network activity commercial data usage data marketing and communications information inference data business transactions. we may do business with third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. if a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal information in the same way as set out in this policy. legal process. subject to applicable law, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process, such as a subpoena; (ii) in response to requests by government entities, such as law enforcement authorities; (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury or loss; or (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity. personal information sold or shared.  we have not sold any personal information in the past twelve months.  we have shared personal information in the past twelve months with our third party advertising partners to serve ads to you about our products and services as you browse the internet.  “sharing” is defined under california privacy law as “renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged.”  this sharing means that these third-party service providers may use their own cookies or tags to track your online activities and purchases in order to deliver targeted advertising based on your interests.  you can opt of sharing through the do not share my personal information link. additionally, if your browser supports it, you can turn on the global privacy control (gpc) to opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information. learn more at the global privacy control website.  provident has no actual knowledge of any sales or sharing of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. communications and opt out by establishing an account, making a purchase, or registering to receive the provident newsletter, you consent to receive periodic commercial/promotional email communications from us. you may opt-out of receiving such promotional communications at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in each email, or by contacting our customer service department. this opt-out will not apply to operational or informational emails related to your use of our services. you may continue to receive promotional email messages for a short period while we process your request. for individuals in the european economic area (“eea”) or the united kingdom, please see the section entitled eea and united kingdom privacy rights in particular the marketing paragraph of that section for information relevant to them. how we protect your personal information provident transmits information via industry-standard secure server (ssl) provided by trustwave. this ssl creates the secure and encrypted https:// website address for our important pages like checkout and the my account area. when you see the https:// website address, you know the information you are in-putting is protected and secure. we also comply with payment card industry data security standards that require merchants to implement security measures for credit card information. we never have access to your credit card information, as it is tokenized following pci-compliant standards. we have implemented and maintain generally accepted industry standards to protect against the unauthorized access, use, modification, destruction or disclosure of your personal information both during transmission and once we receive it. however, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. ability to update and correct personal information provident wants your personal information to be complete and accurate. by using the services, you represent and warrant that all information you provide on any registration form or otherwise in connection with your use of the services will be complete and accurate, and that you will update that information as necessary to maintain its completeness and accuracy. to confirm the completeness and accuracy of, or make changes to, your personal information, please contact us at privacy@providentmetals.com. california privacy rights california consumer privacy act. the california consumer privacy act as amended (“ccpa”) provides california residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your ccpa rights and explains how to exercise those rights. right to know:  upon verification of your identity you may exercise, no more than twice in any 12-month period, your right to know what personal information we have collected about you in the immediately preceding 12-month period, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected. right to delete: you have the right to request that we delete personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. right to correct: you have the right to correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. right to opt-out of the sale/sharing:  you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of their personal information by the business.  we do not sell your personal information. right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information: we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information. right to non-discrimination: unless permitted by applicable law, we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights under ccpa or applicable law, including by, but not limited to: denying you goods or services; charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; providing you a different level of quality of goods or services; or suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level of quality of goods or services. exercising your rights requests can be submitted by calling our toll free number 1-800-313-3315 or emailing us at privacy@providentmetals.com. you can opt out of having your personal information sold to third parties by clicking on the “do not share my personal information” link on our website. additionally, when we detect a gpc signal from a user’s browser within california, we stop sharing the user’s personal information. you can learn more about the gpc and how to enable it in your browser from the global privacy control website. please note that these rights apply only to california consumers and business contacts. only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. authorizing an agent to act on your behalf except where you have provided an agent with a power of attorney pursuant to sections 4000 – 4465 of the california probate code, when using an authorized agent you must: (1) provide the agent with signed permission clearly describing their authority to make a request on your behalf; (ii) verify your own identity; and (iii) directly confirm that you have provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. we may deny a request from an authorized agent if the agent does not provide us with the signed written permission demonstrating that they have been authorized to act on your behalf. verifying your request the verifiable consumer request initiated by you or your authorized agent must: include your full legal name, email, and phone number, which we will need to contact you in order to verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  one of our representatives will contact you in order to verify your identity. you may need to provide additional information in order to verify your request. depending on the nature of the request, we may require additional verification actions be taken, including but not limited to providing a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. we will only use this information to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. exceptions. these rights are not absolute and are subject to certain exceptions. for example, we cannot disclose or permit access to specific pieces of personal information if granting your request would present a certain level of risk to the security of the personal information at issue, your account with us or the security of the website. we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers, and/or contractors to: complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you. detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. comply with the california electronic communications privacy act (cal. penal code § 1546 seq.). engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement if you previously provided informed consent. enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. comply with a legal obligation. make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. response timing and format we endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. if we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. other california privacy rights.  california residents have the right to receive information that identifies any third party companies or individuals that provident has shared your personal information within the previous calendar year, as well as a description of the categories of personal information disclosed to that third party. you may obtain this information once a year and free of charge by contacting us at the address below. eea and united kingdom privacy rights this section is relevant to you if you are located in the eea or in the united kingdom. in so far as this section is inconsistent with or conflicts with any other part of this policy the terms of this section will apply if you are located in the eea or in the united kingdom. this section does not apply if you are not located in the eea or in the united kingdom. marketing. we strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal information uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. promotional offers from us. we may use your identifiers, employment and contact information and, technical, usage and profile data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. this is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing). you will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing. third-party marketing. we will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal information with any third party for marketing purposes. opting out. you can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time. where you opt out of receiving marketing messages, this will not apply to emails of a non-promotional nature and which relate to a product/service subscribed for, product/service experience or other transactions. change of purpose we will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. if you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us. if we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law. international transfers many of our external third parties are based outside the eea and the united kingdom so their processing of your personal information will involve a transfer of data outside the eea and the united kingdom. whenever we transfer your personal information to a third party that is based outside the eea and the united kingdom, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented. we will only transfer your personal information to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal information by the european commission and/or the united kingdom (as applicable). for further details, see european commission: adequacy decisions https://commission.europa.eu/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/adequacy-decisions_en and in relation to the united kingdom, the ico’s information about “international transfers” https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/international-transfers/ . where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the european commission and/or the united kingdom’s information commissioner’s office (as applicable) that give personal information the same protection it has in the eea and the united kingdom respectively. for further details, see european commission: standard contractual clauses (scc) https://commission.europa.eu/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en and in relation to the united kingdom the ico’s “international data transfer agreement and guidance” https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/international-data-transfer-agreement-and-guidance/ . please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of the eea. summary of your legal rights and how to exercise them providentmetals.com and jm bullion, inc., our parent entity, are joint controllers and responsible for your personal information. this means that jm bullion, inc. jointly determines with us the means and purposes of processing personal information for the purposes of our business. except in this paragraph and in the first paragraph of this policy, any reference in this policy to “provident”, “our”, “we” or “us” also refers to jm bullion, inc. as joint controller of your personal information. we have agreed with jm bullion, inc. that jm bullion, inc. is responsible for ensuring compliance by us of all our obligations under the applicable privacy laws of the eea and the united kingdom, and if you are located in the eea or the united kingdom that jm bullion, inc. will have responsibility for dealing with any exercise by you of the rights set out below. the contact details set out below under “questions about this policy” apply to both jm bullion, inc. and us. under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection/privacy laws in relation to your personal information. please click on the links below to find out more about these rights: request access to your personal information. request correction of your personal information. request erasure of your personal information. object to processing of your personal information. request restriction of processing your personal information. request transfer of your personal information. right to withdraw consent. if you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us. you will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). however, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). this is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. we may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. we try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. in this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. changes to the privacy policy provident may update this policy at any time by posting additions or modifications on the providentmetals.com website. in the event provident changes, modifies, amends, or replaces this privacy policy, the effective date, located above, will change. where changes to this privacy will have a fundamental impact on the nature of how we collect, use, or share your data, we will give advance notice of such changes. questions about this policy provident metals corp. 6125 luther lane, #465 dallas, tx 75225 800-313-3315 privacy@providentmetals.com if you are in the eea or in the united kingdom, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to your national supervisory authority for data protection/privacy issues. we would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach a supervisory authority, so please contact us in the first instance. glossary controller means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal information. external third parties service providers acting as processors who provide website hosting, website testing, it and system administration services. professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers. regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances. lawful basis legitimate interest which means the interest of the foundations in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. we make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. we do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). you can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us. performance of contract which means processing your personal information where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract. to comply with a legal obligation which means processing your personal information where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to. processing means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal information or on sets of personal information, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. processor means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal information on behalf of the controller. legal rights of individuals in the eea and the united kingdom you have the right to: request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). this enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. this enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. request erasure of your personal information. this enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. you also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information data unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal information to comply with local law. note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. you also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes. in some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your data which override your rights and freedoms. request restriction of processing of your personal information. this enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal information in the following scenarios: if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy. where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it. where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. you have objected to our use of your personal information but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. request the transfer of your personal information to you or to a third party. we will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information. however, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. we will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. subscribe to our newsletter to receive exclusive discounts and industry news. subscribe company info follow us: pm facebook pm twitter pm pinterest pm youtube pm instagram provident metals blog about provident metals why provident metals? contact us find what you want product guides local directory gold prices silver prices customer service & support my account where's my order? sell to us ordering / payment policies shipping policies privacy policies cookie policy return & cancellation policy terms and conditions sms terms and conditions accessibility bullion buying guide faq reviews sales tax do not share my personal information provident metals provident metals corp 6125 luther lane, #465 dallas, tx 75225 (800) 313-33158am-6pm central monday - friday help@providentmetals.com providentmetals.com purchase with confidence © copyright 2023 provident metals corp. all rights reserved.