来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250504140634/https://www.providentmetals.com/privacy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy - provident metals gold silver platinum palladium see all metals updated: 05/04/2025 05:26:20 am et gold$3,254.227.81 silver$32.24-0.29 platinum$981.005.75 palladium$989.5319.03 show charts hide charts 3254.22 7.81 32.24 -0.29 981 5.75 989.53 19.03 05/04/2025 05:26:12 am （800）313-3315 free shipping on orders of $199 or more log in 0cart item quantity your cart is empty edit cart subtotal:$0.00 checkout create an account first name last name email phone number password retype password by creating an account, you are agreeing to the terms of service and the privacy policy. already have an account? login log in email password remember me forgot password ? i'm new here create an account track an order? check order status reset your password enter your email address and we will send you a link to reset your password. email send password reset email or return to log in search here popular new arrivals popular bullion 1 oz silver rounds 1 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars 100 oz silver bars 1 oz gold bars 2025 silver 2025 silver american eagle 2025 silver lunar dragon 2025 silver british britannia 2025 silver somalia elephant 2025 gold 2025 gold american eagles 2025 gold lunar dragon 2025 gold british britannia 2025 gold somalia elephant provident original series zombucks provident prospector egyptian gods lunar year of the snake star wars nebü gold jewelry gold 2025 releases gold coins 1/10 oz gold coins 1/4 oz gold coins 1/2 oz gold coins 1 oz gold coins us gold coins american eagles buffalos pre-33 gold gold bars gram gold bars 1 oz gold bars 10 oz gold bars 1 kilo gold bars canadian gold coins maple leafs british gold coins british britannias mexican gold coins australian gold gold lunar series gold kangaroos south african krugerrands austrian philharmonics other gold coins old gold coins chinese pandas foreign gold coins south korean gold rounds gold notes/goldbacks nebü gold jewelry gold bullion bracelets lunar year series 2025 year of the snake silver 2025 releases silver rounds fractional rounds 1 oz rounds 2 oz rounds silver coins 1/2 oz silver coins 1 oz silver coins 2 oz silver coins silver bars 1 oz silver bars 5 oz silver bars 10 oz silver bars kilo silver bars american silver eagles silver eagles bu silver eagles proof silver eagles certified star privy silver eagles special occasion silver eagles other us mint silver junk silver silver dollars canadian silver coins silver maple leafs british silver coins silver britannias silver tudor beasts south african krugerrands australian silver coins kangaroos kookaburras lunar series other silver coins austrian philharmonics mexican libertads chinese pandas silver notes/silverbacks specialty silver lunar year series year of the snake star wars more copper rounds 1 oz copper rounds 5 oz copper rounds copper bars 1 oz copper bars other copper bullion copper wheat pennies platinum coins & bars palladium coins & bars other legal tender other products deals new arrivals sell to us supplies coin supplies coin & bar capsules coin & bar tubes specialty coin tubes other supplies protection/gloves resources faq contact us sales tax provident blog investing guide ira program price charts close popular gold silver copper deals sell to us supplies privacy policy last updated: january 1, 2025 provident metals’s privacy statement your privacy is important to us. this privacy policy (the “policy”) describes how provident metals corp (collectively, “provident metals,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” or the “company”) collects, stores, processes, and shares your personal data (defined below), including when you visit the websites, mobile applications, or other online services we maintain, or otherwise interact with us directly (collectively, the “services”). we may update this policy from time to time. when we do so, we will revise the “last updated” date. if we make material changes, we will provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to the services or sending you a notification). we encourage you to review this policy regularly, so that you will know if it has been updated. if you have any questions about the policy, please reach out through any of the methods described in contact us below. contents what personal data we collect and how we collect it how we use your personal data how we share your personal data analytics, tracking, and targeted advertising data retention data security children’s data links to third-party websites and additional terms us state privacy notice and california notice at collection contact us what personal data we collect and how we collect it we collect information that may identify, relate to, describe, or be reasonably associated with you (“personal data”). the personal data that we collect depends on the nature of our relationship with you. below are some of the ways we may collect and use personal data. information you provide to us we collect information that you provide directly to us. when you open an account with us, create a profile, purchase or sell a product through our services, engage with our services, request marketing or advertising information, fill out forms or applications, and other interactions, you may provide us with the following types of personal data: personal and contact information, such as name, date of birth, email address, physical address, mobile or landline telephone number, age, and gender. professional or employment information such as your company name and your title. log-in credentials, such as username and password. payment information, such as credit card information and billing address. tax identification number, such as a social security number. eligibility credentials for discounts (such as membership in the military or other discount-qualifying criteria) government identification, such as a driver’s license or passport. banking and other financial information. purchasing and other transaction activity, product preferences, or reasons for purchasing a product. information you post, such as comments or product reviews about one of our services, or information you post on or provide through social media. information you provide us when you contact our customer service teams, engage with our social media platforms, or when you otherwise interact with us. video recording or photographs captured by cctv or otherwise when visiting one of our warehouses, distribution centers, or other facilities. if you are communicating with us via telephone or online chat, we may monitor or retain those conversations, including for quality control, for our records, and to use and train artificial intelligence tools to assist in providing our services. we will inform you that your call or chat may be monitored or recorded before it begins. you may update and correct certain account information at any time by logging into your account, contacting customer service, or reaching out through any of the methods listed in contact us. information we collect automatically when you interact with us activity, device and usage information. we collect information about how you access our services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, internet protocol (ip) address, unique device identifiers, browser type and version, app version, time zone setting, and other portable devices. we also collect information about your activity in relation to our services, such as website access times, website pages viewed, links clicked, logs, and other online data. this may include the website page(s) or social media applications or websites you visited before navigating to our services and the resources that you access and use on our services. we also collect information about how you interact with the emails we send you, including but not limited to whether you have opened them. transactional information. we may collect personal data through the services, such as when you engage in a transaction, such as a purchase or sale, including details about the products you have purchased, payments you have made, and/or other details of products you have purchased from us in the past. information collected by cookies and similar tracking technologies. like most websites, our website uses cookies, web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “action tags”), and other technologies to collect personal data. cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your internet browser on your computer’s hard drive. we use cookies to facilitate your navigation of the website, enable you to select products, recognize you and your access privileges, track your usage of the websites, and provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. we use web beacons to assist us in delivering cookies and to help us determine whether you have viewed web pages on the websites and, if so, how many times. we keep a record of your browsing activity, the products that you have placed in an online shopping cart, and your purchase history. in the u.s., most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you prefer, you can usually set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. you can also opt out by visiting our websites with a legally recognized universal opt-out signal enabled, such as the global privacy control. if you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the website may then be inaccessible or not function properly. for information on how to disable certain types of cookies, click the your privacy choices link in the website footer. log files. our website servers automatically recognize the internet url from which you access our websites. we may also log your ip address, internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration and troubleshooting, order verification, internal marketing, and for website security or to prevent fraud. location information. in accordance with your device permissions, we may collect information about the general location of your device. information we derive. where permitted by law, we may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. for example, we may make inferences about your approximate location based on your ip address or infer that you are interested in purchasing certain products based on your browsing behavior and past purchases. we may create inferred and derived data elements by analyzing your purchase or sale history in combination with other information we have collected about you to do things like personalize product offerings, your shopping experience, marketing messages, and promotional offers. information we collect from other sources we may receive your personal data from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, data analytics service providers, data enrichment providers, consumer research providers, and others (“supplemental information”). we may update and supplement the personal data that we have collected directly from you with supplemental information. this may include information regarding demographics, income estimations, households, marital status, or information necessary to conduct due diligence in connection with your orders or service requests. when we associate supplemental information with personal data that we have collected from you, we will treat the supplemental information like the information that we collected ourselves and, except as described in this policy, the information will not be shared with third-parties. how we use your personal data we may use your personal data for various business purposes, including: to present, customize, and personalize our services and the contents for you, your user experience, including any chat features, and what products and services we show you when you visit and interact with our website. to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you, including to process transactions (purchases, sales, and other orders) and send you related information, including confirmations, receipts, and invoices. to allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions. to send you technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages. to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service. to communicate with you about products, services, and events offered by us and others that we think will interest you. to send administrative or transactional information to you such as information regarding the services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our services. to detect, investigate, and prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and security threats and to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of others. to identify, debug, and repair errors in our services. for our business purposes, such as analytics, data analysis; recordkeeping and audits; fraud monitoring and prevention; risk management; investigations; developing new products and services; enhancing, improving, or modifying our products and services; identifying usage trends; determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns; and operating and expanding our business activities. to train our artificial intelligence or machine learning algorithms or models (or those provided by our service providers) for our business purposes and to improve our services. to confirm your age and identity. to de-identify and aggregate information. to comply with our legal, security, and financial obligations, including, but not limited to, (a) complying with legal process; (b) responding to requests from public and government authorities; (c) enforcing our terms and conditions; (d) investigating, establishing, exercising, preparing for, or defending legal claims; (e) taking immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of a consumer or another individual; (f) protecting our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (g) protecting our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others, including against or in response to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, harassment, malicious or deceptive activities, or illegal activity; (h) preserving the integrity and security of our systems, including investigating, reporting or prosecuting those responsible for breaches of the security of our systems; and (i) allowing us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. to carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected. when required under applicable law. additionally, we may use your personal data for the following specific purposes: orders and services. we may use your personal data for registering your account, processing, tracking, and fulfilling your orders and transactions, performing requested services, sending you invoices, communicating about your orders, keeping records of your account history, and to investigate and prevent fraud. we may also use your personal data to provide you with customer service and notify you of technical updates when necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend any services for maintenance). marketing and advertising. if you have submitted personal data in order to receive news, catalogs, or special offers, to participate in promotions, or for any other marketing purposes, we may use your personal data to deliver information to you, including providing you with marketing material via sms/text, mail, and email (with your consent where required by law). we always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future marketing emails and texts. because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving communications related to your orders. we also use your personal data to deliver promotions or other information regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. internal use. we may internally use your personal data to improve the website’s content and layout, improve security of the websites and prevent fraud, to improve outreach, for our own marketing efforts, and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the websites. how we disclose your personal data in order for us to provide our products and services to you, we may disclose personal data to (a) service providers that perform specific functions on our behalf, (b) company affiliates or subsidiaries for auditing and other legal compliance purposes, or (c) with public and governmental authorities. for example: service providers. we may use service providers to help us provide the services, operate our websites, maintain customers’ online accounts, provide our products and services, ship products, and generally administer our business. for example, we may use service providers to verify your delivery or credit card information, to conduct due diligence to ensure proper processing of your order, to minimize the risk of fraudulent transactions, to send postal mail, e-mails, and text messages, to analyze shopping insights, to provide marketing assistance, to administer our ratings and reviews, to support web beacons, to investigate fraudulent activity, to conduct customer surveys, and to provide customer service. we may disclose your personal data to our insurers where we believe that it is required by law or contract. your personal data may be stored and processed by our vendors and service providers in the united states or other locations where the service providers or we have facilities or operations. ad tech companies and other providers. we may use pixels and cookies in our work with customer database hosting providers, marketing agencies, and advertising partners to show you targeted ads on third-party properties and, where applicable, place relevant content and advertisements for you on our own websites and apps, as well as other websites, online media channels, and apps. we may share with or make available limited personal data to ad tech companies and other online providers of services. when we share your personal data in this context, we follow applicable legal requirements and provide opt-out rights and other applicable individual rights. see analytics, tracking, and targeted advertising for more information. advisors. we may disclose your personal data to our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests. legal process. we may disclose your personal data with law enforcement agencies or public authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence, in order to prevent or detect crime or fraudulent activities, to meet national security or law enforcement inquiries, as well as in order to fulfill any legal or regulatory obligations. we may also disclose your personal data in response to requests from government authorities or law enforcement officials conducting investigations, issuing subpoenas, or in response to court orders or other legal process, or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. we may also disclose personal data where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our agreements, or protect the rights, property, or safety of others or ourselves.  for example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the services for illegal reasons or to commit fraud. change of control. we may disclose your personal data to a third-party in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). if that happens, your personal data may be disclosed or transferred to another company. corporate affiliates. your personal data may be shared between and among us and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership. other. we may disclose your personal data with your consent, or as otherwise permitted or required by law. we may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot be reasonably used to identify you. we maintain and use this information only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify such information, except as permitted by law. analytics, tracking, and targeted advertising analytics we may deploy and engage others to provide analytics services on our behalf. these include the use of cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our services, including your ip address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked, and conversion information. we may use this information to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, customize, or personalize the services shown to you on our website, and better understand your online activity. for non-u.s. users, you must opt in to analytics tools. certain of our services may use google analytics or content square to collect information about your use of the services. these tools may collect information such as how often users visit a website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other websites they used prior to visiting the website. we use the information we receive from these tools to improve the services. online tracking and targeted advertising we may engage others to serve advertisements across the web and in mobile applications. to do this, we and these partners may use cookies, pixels, sdks, and similar technologies to collect information about your use of our services and other websites and mobile apps, including your device identifiers, ip address, web browser and mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked, order information, items added to cart, and conversion information. this information is used to deliver advertising targeted to you on other companies’ sites and mobile apps, understand the effectiveness of this advertising, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your online activity. in addition to ad targeting activities that rely on cookies and similar technologies, we work with advertising partners to translate other identifiers, such as your email address and phone number, into a unique identifier (called a hashed value) that such partners can then use to show ads that promote the company. you can learn more about interest-based ads by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices. your device may also include a feature that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for behavioral advertising purposes. some of the activities described in this section may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” under certain applicable privacy laws. to learn more about the choices available to you with respect to these practices, click on the your privacy choices link in the footer of this page. we do not engage in sales, sharing, or targeted advertising using personal data about consumers we know to be under 18 years of age. you may still see “contextual” or “non-personalized” ads even if you opt out of targeted adverting. contextual ads are based on the context of what you are looking at on the websites and pages you visit (e.g., you are on a page concerning investment vehicles and an ad for gold or silver rounds is displayed). even if you opt out of targeted advertising you may still receive these contextual advertisements. our website may not respond to “do not track” signals. if your browser supports it, you can turn on the global privacy control (gpc) to opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal data. learn more at global privacy control. you may be able to set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. if you disable certain cookies, some parts of our services may not function properly. if you opt out of sales or set other preferences and subsequently delete or reset your cookies, those opt-outs or preferences may be lost. please note that if you use different devices or browsers, you must indicate your preferences on each device or browser. data retention we do not retain personal data for longer than reasonably necessary to fulfill the business purposes for which it was collected, conduct audits, enforce our legal rights, prevent fraud and ensure security, or comply with our legal obligations. our retention periods for personal data vary depending on the nature of our relationship with you, the sensitivity of the personal data, and the risks involved with any related processing. we regularly review our data retention periods and update these policies as needed. data security we take reasonable and appropriate measures designed to protect your personal data. we use administrative, technical, and physical safeguards intended to help protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, modification, destruction, or disclosure.  while we strive to protect your personal data and privacy, no data transmission or storage is 100% safe or secure. we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information disclosed or transmitted to us and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of personal data. children’s data our services and products are not intended for use by children. we do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal data from persons who are under the age of eighteen (18). if you are under the age of eighteen (18), you should not use the services or otherwise submit personal data to us. links to third-party websites and additional terms when you engage with our services, you may have the opportunity to click on links to other websites, including websites operated by unaffiliated third-parties. websites that we do not operate may collect personal data about you. we do not control websites that are operated by these unaffiliated third-parties, and we are not responsible for the information practices of those websites.  we encourage you to look for and review the privacy policy of any unaffiliated website that you visit. our terms and conditions are available here. our sms terms and conditions are available here. us state privacy notice and california notice at collection this section contains additional information relevant to residents of certain states (listed below). this section is part of, and should be read in conjunction with, this policy. california, colorado, connecticut, delaware, iowa, montana, nebraska, new hampshire, new jersey, oregon, texas, utah, and virginia have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require specific disclosures (collectively, “state privacy laws”). if you are a resident of one of these states, this section applies to you. this section also serves as our california notice at collection.  we reserve the right to deny any requests made pursuant to the rights listed below if the law does not allow or require us to comply with them. your privacy rights data subject requests. you may have the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal data that we collect, use, and disclose and to access your personal data, including in a portable format, (2) request deletion of your personal data, (3) request correction of inaccurate personal data, (4) opt out of processing of certain personal data (such as sensitive data), and (5) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights – for example, we will never deny you goods or services, charge you a different rate, or provide a different quality of goods or services because you exercised any of these rights (“data subject requests”). you may make a data subject request by calling 1-800-313-3315 or sending an e-mail to privacy@providentmetals.com. when you submit a data subject request, we may ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to verify that you are the person (or the authorized agent) about whom we collected the personal data. this may include requesting that you provide us with at least two or more pieces of personal information to match against personal information about you that we may or may not maintain and which we have determined to be reliable for the purpose of verification. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. we will only use personal data provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. if you have an account with us, we may deliver our written response to that account. if you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, depending on the method by which we received your data subject request. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. if we deny your data subject request, you may also have the right to appeal our decision by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny your request. if you are unhappy with the results of your appeal, you may contact your state attorney general. right to opt out of sales, sharing, and targeted advertising. we disclose certain categories of personal data to show you targeted ads on third-party properties. we may disclose certain personal data to advertising partners, advertising networks, and social media networks for this purpose, such as internet protocol (ip) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our services, information about how you use our services, marketing campaign data, click throughs, your preferences and consents to receive marketing from us and our third parties, and your communication preferences. these disclosures may be considered “sales,” “sharing,” or use of personal data for “targeted advertising” under state privacy laws. you have the right to opt out of activities that we engage in that constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “sales” of personal data under the state privacy laws at any time by following the prompts behind the your privacy choices link, located in the footer of our websites (to opt out of cookie-based activities). your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you visit our website from a new device or browser, or if you clear your browser’s cookies. you may opt out of non-cookie-based disclosures associated with your email address or other personal information by calling 1-800-313-3315 or sending an e-mail to privacy@providentmetals.com. you can also opt out by visiting our websites with a legally recognized universal opt-out signal enabled, such as the global privacy control. for services that are account-based, if you are not logged into your account with us, our processing of the signal will be limited to cookie-based sales, sharing, and targeted advertising for the specific browser or device that you are using. you can learn more about enabling gpc opt-out of sale signals on your browser here. authorized agents. if you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request to opt out of sales, sharing, or targeted advertising on behalf of a consumer, please call 1-800-313-3315 or send an e-mail to privacy@providentmetals.com. e if you reside in california and you would like to authorize an agent to submit an access, deletion, or correction request on your behalf, please designate your authorized agent by calling 1-800-313-3315 or sending an e-mail to privacy@providentmetals.com. if you are an authorized agent seeking to make an access, correction, or deletion request on behalf of a california resident, please reach out to us through one of the methods listed in contact us below. we may ask authorized agents to submit proof of their authority to make a request, such as a valid power of attorney or proof that they have signed permission from the consumer who is the subject of the request. in some cases, we may contact the individual who is the subject of the request to verify their own identity or confirm the authorized agent has permission to submit the request. california and colorado specific notices collection and disclosure. certain state privacy laws require companies to disclose which categories of information have been collected and/or disclosed and the categories of recipients with whom the information has been disclosed. note that while a category may be marked, that does not necessarily mean that we have information in that category about you. category of personal data examples of personal data collected and disclosed specific business or commercial purpose for collection? categories of recipients personal data that we “share,” “sell,” or use for “targeted advertising – categories of third-party recipients* identifiers name; mailing address; zip code; ip address; telephone number; or email address yes, including but not limited to, verifying your identity and account information in connection with products or services you request and performing services on behalf of the company, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, reviewing, administering, processing, and hiring employment applications, communicating with employment applicants, processing payments, providing analytic services, providing storage, complying with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, or providing similar services on behalf of the company (“performing services on behalf of the company”). vendors and service providers, company affiliates, and government and regulatory agencies, as disclosed above in section 3. advertising and marketing networks for cross-contextual and behavioral advertising.  please see above for information on how to opt-out of such sharing. california customer records or similar information in states with applicable privacy laws name; physical address; telephone number; email address; bank account number; credit card number; debit card number; or any other financial information. yes, including but not limited to, performing services on behalf of the company. vendors and service providers, company affiliates, and government and regulatory agencies, as disclosed above in section 3. advertising and marketing networks for cross-contextual and behavioral advertising.  please see above for information on how to opt-out of such sharing. characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law age. yes, including but not limited to, performing services on behalf of the company, and helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of the consumer’s personal data is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes, and undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the company, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the company. vendors and service providers, company affiliates, and government and regulatory agencies, as disclosed above in section 3. n/a commercial information. records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. yes, including but not limited to, performing services on behalf of the company. vendors and service providers, company affiliates, and government and regulatory agencies, as disclosed above in section 3. advertising and marketing networks for cross-contextual and behavioral advertising. please see above for information on how to opt-out of such sharing. internet or other electronic network activity information browsing history; search history; information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. yes, including but not limited to, performing services on behalf of the company, and helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of the consumer’s personal data is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes, and undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the company, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the company. vendors and service providers, company affiliates, and government and regulatory agencies, as disclosed above in section 3. advertising and marketing networks for cross-contextual and behavioral advertising. please see above for information on how to opt-out of such sharing. sensory data audio recordings or information (such as call recordings) or cctv recordings yes, including but not limited to, performing services on behalf of the company. vendors and service providers, company affiliates, and government and regulatory agencies, as disclosed above in section 3. n/a inferences approximate location based on ip address yes, including but not limited to, performing services on behalf of the company. vendors and service providers, company affiliates, and government and regulatory agencies, as disclosed above in section 3. advertising and marketing networks for cross-contextual and behavioral advertising geolocation data location based on device’s global positioning system (gps) yes, including but not limited to, performing services on behalf of the company. vendors and service providers, company affiliates, and government and regulatory agencies, as disclosed above in section 3. advertising and marketing networks for cross-contextual and behavioral advertising sensitive personal data social security numbers; driver’s licenses; state identification cards; passport number identifiers; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; or age. yes, including but not limited to, performing services on behalf of the company. vendors and service providers, company affiliates, and government and regulatory agencies, as disclosed above in section 3. n/a * while we do not exchange personal information for money, we do engage in behavioral advertising. for all of the categories listed above, we do not use this personal data or sensitive personal data to create profiles on individuals that produce legal or similarly significant effects we do not use or disclose sensitive personal data for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you. we do not collect personal data or sensitive personal data of individuals under eighteen (18). as described in the what personal data we collect and how we collect it section above, we collect personal data from various sources, including directly from you, automatically when you access or use our services, and from third-party sources. we retain personal data as described above in data retention. pursuant to the california consumer privacy act, the company discloses that between january 1, 2024 – december 31, 2024, it received 0 privacy rights requests from california residents. contact us if you have any questions or comments about this policy, the ways in which we collect and use your information described here, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under applicable law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: provident metals corp: email address:  privacy@providentmetals.com postal address: 6125 luther lane, #465, dallas, tx 75225 attn: chief privacy officer. telephone number: 1-800-313-3315 chief privacy officer: on matters related to processing personal data, please contact our chief privacy officer at privacy@providentmetals.com, attn: chief privacy officer. subscribe to our newsletter to receive exclusive discounts and industry news. subscribe company info follow us: pm facebook pm twitter pm pinterest pm youtube pm instagram provident metals blog about provident metals why provident metals? contact us find what you want product guides local directory gold prices silver prices customer service & support my account where's my order? sell to us ordering / payment policies shipping policies privacy policy california notice at collection return & cancellation policy terms & conditions sms terms & conditions accessibility bullion buying guide faq reviews sales tax provident metals provident metals corp 6125 luther lane, #465 dallas, tx 75225 (800) 313-33158am-6pm central monday - friday help@providentmetals.com providentmetals.com purchase with confidence © copyright 2025 provident metals corp. all rights reserved. your privacy choices