来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171025131019/https://www.discounttire.com/customer-service/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | discount tire menu my store: 8799 e frank lloyd wright blvd - scottsdale discount tire - scottsdale(azp 29) 4.8 read reviews (480) 8799 e frank lloyd wright blvd scottsdale, az 85260-1953 480-607-6546 480-607-6546 send to phone store hours mon - fri 8am - 6pm saturday 8am - 5pm sunday closed change store store details schedule appointment my vehicles cart 0 $0.00 cart cart: 0 $0.00 (0 items) continue shopping tires wheels appointments find a store tips & guides financing promotions cancel tires by vehicle tires by size tires by brand tire search tire brand michelin tires goodyear tires pirelli tires cooper tires view all tire type all-season tires performance tires all-terrain tires summer tires view all vehicle type atv/utv tires passenger tires trailer tires truck tires wheels by vehicle wheels by size wheels by brand wheel brand mb wheels fuel wheels drag wheels konig wheels view all wheel style painted wheels machined wheels chrome wheels mesh wheels view all vehicle type trailer wheels passenger wheels atv/utv wheels truck wheels view all tire and wheel services our services include, but are not limited to, flat repair, balance and rotation, tire air pressure check, installation, and more. schedule an appointment or walk-ins are always welcome. learn more about our services schedule appointment home tire tire brand michelin tires goodyear tires pirelli tires cooper tires view all tire type all-season tires performance tires all-terrain tires summer tires view all vehicle type atv/utv tires passenger tires trailer tires truck tires view all wheel wheel brand mb wheels fuel wheels drag wheels konig wheels view all wheel style painted wheels machined wheels chrome wheels mesh wheels view all vehicle type trailer wheels passenger wheels atv/utv wheels truck wheels view all schedule appointment find a store tips & guides promotions home customer care privacy policy privacy policy discount tire is committed to the privacy of customer information gathered in 	retail stores, mobile applications, and online through discounttire.com, 	americastire.com, and discounttiredirect.com websites (collectively, the 	“site”). discount tire has created this statement in order to demonstrate our firm 	commitment to the privacy of both the customer's information as well as our 	own. the following discloses our information gathering and dissemination 	practices for our site. by using our site, you agree to the collection, use, and information sharing 	practices described in this statement of discount tire's policy. amendments to 	this statement will be posted at this url and will be effective when posted. 	your continued use of our site after the amendments are posted constitutes 	your agreement to those changes. please read this statement carefully and 	check back regularly for any amendments. information collected we collect personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit to 	us, such as information you provide on an order form for tires, wheels, or 	services, or when you communicate with us on our site, such as through a live 	chat. the type of information includes, but is not limited to; your contact 	information (e.g., physical addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses) and 	financial information (e.g., account numbers). information about your 	vehicle(s) may also be collected. we may also collect information from you 	when you agree to participate in surveys or provide other feedback to us on 	our site. we may combine personally identifiable information collected on our 	site with other information that we collect in stores, when you call or email 	us, communicate with us through social media, or from other data sources. we also collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number 	of ways. our methods of information collection include tracking your site 	activities through your computer settings or most-recently visited url. we may 	also ask you to provide certain non-personally identifiable information about 	yourself, such as your age, household income, buying preferences, etc. use of personal information we use your personal information to conduct business, including processing 	transactions; responding to and fulfilling your requests; for our marketing 	efforts, such as to send you marketing communications that we believe may be 	of interest to you; for analysis and development of new products and services; 	to improve the site; for our legitimate business purposes permitted under the 	law; and for any other purpose to which you consent. use of non-personal information we use the customer's non-personal information to help diagnose problems with 	our server, and to administer our site. the ip address is also used to gather 	broad demographic information. use of cookies and web beacons when you view our site we might store some information on your computer. this 	information will be in the form of a "cookie" or similar file. cookies are 	small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on our site. 	cookies do not spy on you or otherwise invade your privacy, and they cannot 	invade your hard drive and steal information. they are designed to help you 	navigate our site as easily as possible. discount tire uses various third-party advertising technology sources to display 	ads to customers. in the course of displaying our advertisements to you, a 	unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser. in 	addition, we use web beacons to help manage our online advertising. these web 	beacons enable our ad server to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser 	visits this site and to learn which ads bring users to our site one such third-party services that we utilize is google analytics. although 	google analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you 	as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used 	by anyone but google. you can learn more about google’s privacy practices, or 	adjust your ad settings, by visiting their website at 	http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. we, and our service providers, use cookies, web beacons, and other 	technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you 	interact with us through your computer, tablet or mobile device. this 	information includes but is not limited to: the pages you visit on our site or 	mobile application; the web address from which you came; the type of 	browser/device/hardware you are using; purchase information and checkout 	process; search terms; and internet protocol-based geographic location. all 	this helps us recognize you, customize your site experience and make our 	marketing messages more relevant. these cookies, web beacons, and any other 	tracking technologies used on our site may track users over time and across 	third-party websites and services. we may connect information collected automatically with information we already 	have about you in order to identify you as a discount tire guest. if we are able 	to identify you as a guest we may, for example, link your activity on our site 	to your activity in a discount tire store or on one of our mobile applications. 	this allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how 	you interact with us – online, in store, mobile, etc. in order to provide the best guest experience possible, we also use automated 	information collection technologies for reporting and analytics purposes. we 	examine metrics such as how you are shopping on our site, in our stores, and 	on our mobile applications, the performance of our marketing efforts, and your 	response to those marketing efforts. our site does not respond to internet browser do not track signals. information sharing we may share your personal information with third parties, such as social 	media services that we partner with; with anyone to whom you expressly 	consent; with law enforcement or other entities subject to legal requirements; 	to protect our rights or the rights or safety of others; with manufacturers 	for recall and other safety purposes; and as otherwise may be required by law 	or regulation. we may also share aggregated data about our customers, in a 	non-personally identifiable form, to non-affiliated companies for certain 	purposes, such as market research, safety, data modeling, and analytics. we also share personal information with our third party service providers. we 	require that our service providers only use shared personal information to 	perform the services requested by discount tire in accordance with this privacy 	statement and that the service providers have adequate security measures in 	place to protect any of your shared personal information. in the event that we enter into a corporate transaction, such as a 	reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other 	disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including 	in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), we may transfer 	personal information that we have collected to the relevant third party. affiliate site's privacy policies the synchrony car care credit application form is managed and maintained by 	synchrony financial. any and all data collected by synchrony financial is 	governed by the privacy policy of synchrony financial and not discount tire. 	 	synchrony bank’s privacy policy our ebay sales are managed by ebay.com. any and all data collected from these 	orders will be governed by the privacy policies of ebay.com and not discount 	tire. ebay privacy policy other websites and links this site contains links and references to other sites, including social 	media, but discount tire is in no way responsible for the privacy practices, 	security measures, or the content of such websites. security this site utilizes reasonable security measures and technologies to prevent 	the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. although 	we are committed to protecting the privacy of your information, please do your 	part to protect your information by keeping your software patched, using 	updated anti-virus or anti-malware software, using personal firewalls, and an 	updated unique complex password. choice and opt out you may opt-out of receiving communications from our partners and from us by 	sending an email to consumeraffairs@discounttire.com with “opt out” in the 	subject line. children’s privacy this site is not intended for persons under the age of 18 years. we do not 	knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 	the age of 13. if we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has 	submitted personal information to us through the site, we will immediately 	delete such information. contacting our administrators if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this 	site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact us at: consumer affairs 	discount tire 	20225 n. scottsdale rd. 	scottsdale, az 85255 consumeraffairs@discounttire.com customer care in-store experience low price guarantee how to buy tires product availability good, better, best quality tires our full tire racks tire certificates payment methods return policy if ever you're not satisfied please feel free to bring it back fast & friendly service 	on every order, every day shop tire search wheel search services deals and rebates fleet financing credit apply now commercial payments company bruce halle's legacy our story motorsports careers tips & guides tire safety tire size calculator check tire pressure more topics... customer care customer care store locator appointments return policy contact regional offices contact us connect with us © 2018 the reinalt-thomas corporation. all rights reserved. privacy policysite map