来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191214104309/http://www.a1poolparts.com/help/return-policy
================================================================================

return policy javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. a1 pool parts a1poolparts.com has been providing low cost, high quality pool and spa parts for cleaners, heaters, pumps, filters and more; along a wide range of pool and spa equipment and supplies since the 1990s. 1426 e. spruce st. ontario, ca 91761 (888) 841-5050 https://www.a1poolparts.com/ hours: mon 9:30 - 9:00pm tue 6:00 - 5:00pm wed 6:00 - 5:00pm thu 6:00 - 5:00pm fri 6:00 - 5:00pm sat 7:00 - 4:00pm closed log in register checkout my cart (0) $0.00 close recently added item(s) you have no items in your shopping cart. help my wishlist track my order my account a1 pool parts order pool equipment & supplies: menu search account compare cart search site: advanced search pool & spa+- ada pool lifts covers diving boards drains jets ladders & rails lighting plumbing safety equipment skimmers slides toys & games water features water levelers waterfalls equipment +- alternative sanitizers automatic cleaners automation systems blowers chlorinators filters heaters hose in-floor cleaning systems pumps & motors timers parts +- automatic cleaner automation system chlorinator cover drain filter heat pump heater in-floor cleaning system jet lighting motor pump skimmer test kit timer valve water leveler waterfall & water feature accessories +- ada pool lift automatic cleaners automation systems cleaning tools cover deck materials depth markers electrical equipment pads filter gas fittings heater jet lighting lubricants meters plumbing surface repair test kits thermometers water feature waterfall shop by mfg +- aqua star calimar hayward intermatic j & j jandy natural chemistry pentair polaris raypak rola chem sta-rite waterway zodiac chemicals+- algae control calcium hardness chemical controllers cleaners & clarifiers ph & alkalinity sanitizers shock stabilizers startup kits test kits winter kits energy savers+- solar automatic cleaners solar chlorinators solar controllers solar covers solar heaters variable speed pumps compare contents php code account dashboard track my order my wishlist help desk log in register cart subtotal: $0.00 checkout edit cart pool & spa equipment parts accessories shop by mfg chemicals energy savers pool & spa ada pool lifts covers diving boards drains jets ladders & rails lighting plumbing safety equipment skimmers slides toys & games water features water levelers waterfalls equipment alternative sanitizers automatic cleaners automation systems blowers chlorinators filters heaters hose in-floor cleaning systems pumps & motors timers accessories ada pool lift automatic cleaners automation systems cleaning tools cover deck materials depth markers electrical equipment pads filter gas fittings heater jet lighting lubricants meters plumbing surface repair test kits thermometers water feature waterfall parts automatic cleaner automation system chlorinator cover drain filter heat pump heater in-floor cleaning system jet lighting motor pump skimmer test kit timer valve water leveler waterfall & water feature shop by mfg aqua star calimar hayward intermatic j & j jandy natural chemistry pentair polaris raypak rola chem sta-rite waterway zodiac chemicals algae control calcium hardness chemical controllers cleaners & clarifiers ph & alkalinity sanitizers shock stabilizers startup kits test kits winter kits energy savers solar automatic cleaners solar chlorinators solar controllers solar covers solar heaters variable speed pumps home return policy chat now email us ordering track my order international orders payment options sales tax shipping policy special orders ship to store orders cancelling an order returns & exchanges return policy damaged goods shopping & products in-ground heaters and freight chemicals can't find an item? why don't we show the price on some items? warranty general about us disclaimer photographs used on our website governing law legal statement privacy policy contests terms of service help center ordering track my order international orders payment options sales tax shipping policy special orders ship to store orders canceling an order returns & exchanges return policy damaged goods shopping & products in-ground heaters and freight chemicals can't find an item? why don't we show the price on some items? warranty general about us disclaimer photographs used on our website governing law legal statement privacy policy contests terms of service return policy merchandise returns: we strive to arm you with the knowledge, backed by our decades of experience in the pool supply industry, to enable you to purchase the right product for your pool system at the lowest possible price. therefore, we have established the following return policy in order to continue to provide you with the lowest prices possible. this policy is both fair and consistent with ethical and standard practices. wrong product shipped: if a1 pool parts ships you the wrong product by our mistake, please e-mail sales@a1poolparts.com or call (888) 841-5050. we will promptly refund you in full or exchange it for the right product if returned undamaged to a1 pool parts within 10 days from the date of your receipt of the merchandise. we will pay for the return shipping on any items that we've sent incorrectly. products damaged in transit/by freight carrier: while it's unfortunate, products are damaged by the delivery carrier from time to time. please clearly notate on the carrier’s paperwork that the item was damaged when it arrived, refuse the shipment, and supply us with a copy of that paperwork. please contact us so we can get you a replacement or find a solution for the damage to be repaired. it is highly recommended that you remove the wrapping and/or box and inspect the product for hidden damage as well. once you have signed for the product and accepted delivery, the carrier and a1 pool parts are no longer responsible and the product is yours. your signature is acknowledgement that your order is free of damage. products that do not qualify for an rma (returned merchandise authorization): some products will not qualify for return to a1 pool parts. any product that has been installed cannot be returned unless a1 pool parts has received prior consent from the product's manufacture. each case will be handled one by one in this instance. as it is not possible for a1 pool parts to have full knowledge or complete details of your pool system, we cannot accept responsibility for merchandise that is not compatible or does not function with your system. we always recommend that the buyer contact the manufacturers directly to determine that the product will be suitable in their environment, if in doubt. buyer assumes all responsibility without exception, outside of a manufacturer's stated return policy or warranty. we apologize, but this is due to the huge variety and complexity of pool systems and pool products. we have found that in the majority of cases where a product does not work as desired, it is not due to a product defect, but rather the wrong product, or a problem with the buyer's system. if you need the number of a manufacturer that is not yet on our shop by mfg category, please email or call us and we will forward that information to you promptly. in the event that you feel your purchase is defective, it is incumbent upon you to contact us and/or the manufacturer directly for resolution before attempting to return the product in question. most manufacturers have technical support and warranty service centers that will be more than happy to assist you in making sure that your product is functioning properly, and if not, will take steps to see that any defect is handled quickly. special order items from the factory/manufacture: special order items often times are non-returnable. in some instances special order items may be returned to the manufacture but re-stocking fees and shipping charges will be incurred. any re-stocking fees and shipping charges will be deducted from the refund amount issued by a1 pool parts. all returned items require an rma prior to being sent back. return window: order must be less than 90 days old in order to be returnable. return window starts at the date of receipt of order. return merchandise authorization (rma) must be requested within this 90 day period. once an rma has been issued it is valid for 30 days. return method: once our warehouse receives and verifies that the item is in new and saleable condition, refund will be processed. this process is usually complete within 3 business days of its arrival back to us. we will then issue a refund to your credit card or paypal account for the product price, minus the restocking fee (if applicable). once complete, we will email a receipt to you with the refund details. restocking/processing fees: if returned product is a normally stocked item and can be sold as new, there will be a $10 or 10% restocking fee for any return or exchange, whichever is greater. responsibility for return shipping costs: customer is responsible for paying return shipping costs. general information regarding returns: we hope you can understand that unlike many of our competitors, we do not sell used or refurbished items, and therefore returned products that are used and/or installed cannot be re-sold. occasionally manufacturers will guarantee (not to be confused with warranty) their products and we will honor their guarantee, provided you follow their procedure for returning the product. why request an rma? if a package is sent back without an rma there would be no way to know what product is being returned or whom to credit back. therefore any item returned without a rma # on the shipping label will be refused. you, the buyer, will be responsible for return shipping, unless we have shipped a product other than that which was expressly ordered by you. if a1 pool parts provides the label it should already have the rma# on them. requesting an rma: please request an rma here: a1poolparts.poolreturns.com using your email address and order number. we will then email you a rma, which you will need to print out and send with your return. after authorization by a1 pool parts, returned merchandise must be received within 30 days from the date of authorization, must be in the original undamaged packaging with all accompanying materials, in saleable condition with freight paid in full by you, the buyer. a signed rma must accompany the product back when returned. your account will be credited the full amount of the returned item less any applicable charges. rma charges: we reserve the right to charge up to a 10% processing and re-stocking fee ($10 minimum). we also reserve the right to provide a return shipping label and deduct the shipping cost from your refund. refusal charges: we reserve the right to charge a 10% processing and re-stocking fee ($20 minimum), original shipping, return shipping, and any other applicable refusal charges on products that would have qualified for an rma. products that would not have qualified will not be credited. products believed to be defective or incompatible: as it is not possible for a1 pool parts to have full knowledge or complete details of your pool system, we cannot accept responsibility for merchandise that is not compatible or does not function with your system. we always recommend that the buyer contact the manufacturers directly to determine that the product will be suitable in their environment, if in doubt. buyer assumes all responsibility without exception, outside of a manufacturer's stated return policy or warranty. we apologize, but this is due to the huge variety and complexity of pool systems and pool products. we have found that in the majority of cases where a product does not work as desired, it is not due to a product defect, but rather the wrong product, or a problem with the buyer's system.  if you need the number of a manufacturer that is not yet on our shop by mfg category, please email or call us and we will forward that information to you promptly. in the event that you feel your purchase is defective, it is incumbent upon you to contact us and/or the manufacturer directly for resolution before attempting to return the product in question. most manufacturers have technical support and warranty service centers that will be more than happy to assist you in making sure that your product is functioning properly, and if not, will take steps to see that any defect is handled quickly. products shipped by freight carrier: returns, defective or otherwise, which were originally shipped by freight truck line (non fedex, dhl, ups or usps) must also be returned via freight truck at customer's expense. a product that was delivered by freight truck but shipped back another way will be refused and all costs will be the responsibility of our customer. warranty information: nearly all products sold by a1 pool parts carry a manufacturer warranty. if you feel you have a defective product, please refer to the warranty information packaged with your product. please contact us by email if you require assistance at sales@a1poolparts.com. a1 pool parts does not express or imply any warranties. all warranties are the responsibility of the manufacturer. a1 pool parts expressly disclaims liability for any injury, loss, damage, or cost (including labor) of any kind arising from the use or inability to use any item we sell. these criteria apply to warranties for most manufacturers and most products: most manufacturer warranties clearly express that warranty applies to defects in material and/or workmanship only, and cover only the replacement of defective or missing parts. any damage that occurs to a product after it has shipped from the factory is not the manufacturer’s responsibility and is not covered under warranty unless caused by defects in material or workmanship. labor is not included in most warranties, nor do manufacturers accept responsibility for loss of time, inconvenience, incidental expenses or material charges. any shipping charges incurred in the execution of a warranty claim are the responsibility of the owner. warranties typically extend to the original retail owner only and are not transferable. warranty period begins on date of purchase or installation, if it can be proven with an invoice or proof of purchase. for products that were shipped internationally, warranties are usually only valid if the manufacturer has a presence in the country where the products were shipped. call us toll free 1-888-841-5050 customer service hours: (pacific time) mon-fri: 6:00am to 5:00pm saturday: 7:00am to 4:00pm sunday: closed send us a message email us contact us mailing address a1 pool parts corporate office 1426 e. spruce st.ontario, ca 91761 stay connected have questions? chat now live help sign upfor exclusive email offers & product alerts sign up shippingpolicy details >> theboneyard details >> wishlist details >> returnmerchandise details >> rebateitems details >> customer care +- contact us help desk order tracking shipping policy returns policy return merchandise site information+- about us legal statement privacy policy terms of service shopping+- shopping cart shop pool & spa shop equipment shop parts shop accessoires shop by manufacturer shop chemicals shop energy savers stay connected+- copyright © 2015 a1 pool parts. all rights reserved. we use cookies to improve user experience, and analyze website traffic. for these reasons, we may share your site usage data with our analytics partners. by continuing to the site, you consent to store on your device all the technologies described in our privacy policy. please read our terms of service and privacy policy for full details. continue [profiler]memory usage: real: 13369344, emalloc: 12814992code profilertimecntemallocrealmem