来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221103011941/https://www.peruvianconnection.com/category/customer+service/privacy+-+security.do
================================================================================

u.s. privacy policy - customer service - peruvian connection skip to main content account log in create an account checkout as guest log in register save bag save bag cancel close window welcome back! we have noticed you already have an account. we have found a marketlive account that matches your email address. enter your marketlive password to connect. account log in enter your registered email address and password below, then click log in to access your account *email address *password forgot your password? click here cancel continue account setup your personal marketlive data will not be shared with marketlive will not share your account information with marketlive will not share your purchase history with marketlive will not attempt to contact your personal contacts on welcome back! create an account register with an email address and password. *email address *password *re-enter password *recovery question select a recovery question what is your city of birth? what is your mother's maiden name? what is your father's first name? what is your pet's name? what is the year you were born? *enter answer sign me up for peruvian connection email updates about new services and special offers! view privacy policy welcome back! checkout as guest checkout quickly without signing in. you will have the option to save your information later if you like. cancel checkout as guest welcome back! 20% off hundreds of items   save now, plus free shipping on all orders!*   shop now x get on the list shop exclusive savings & receive $20 off your first purchase of $100 or more.† email signup pop-up enter email address †view privacy policy and notice of financial incentive.offer valid on first-time registrations only. find offer details in your email inbox. threshold messaging order status my account 877.520.7378 search 0 items your shopping bag is empty. sweaters col3features: customer favorites: sweaters pc x gb sweaters spring sweaters col1category: cardigans & kimonos pullovers art knits & collectibles alpaca sweaters pima cotton sweaters col2 ruanas, vests & capes knit coats & sweater coats tunics men's all sweaters dresses col3features: customer favorites: dresses pc x gb dresses spring dresses col1category: pima cotton dresses casual & travel dresses sweater dresses sundresses print, pattern & floral dresses col2 jersey dresses tunic & mini dresses black dresses occasion & cocktail dresses all dresses tees & tops col3features: customer favorites: tees & tops pc x gb tops spring tees & tops col1category: 3/4 & long sleeve short sleeve & sleeveless blouses pima cotton tees & tops tunics men's tops all tops skirts & pants col3features: customer favorites: skirts & pants pc x gb skirts & pants spring skirts & pants col1category: knee length & short skirts calf length & long skirts evening skirts pants & jeans legwear all skirts coats & jackets col3features: customer favorites: coats & jackets pc x gb coats & jackets spring coats & jackets col1category: alpaca coats & jackets shearling & leather outerwear blazers & lightweight jackets ruanas, wraps & capes men's coats & jackets all coats & jackets jewelry & accessories col3features: customer favorites: jewelry & accessories pc x gb jewelry & accessories spring jewelry & accessories col1category: earrings bracelets necklaces rings & brooches peruvian jewelry all jewelry col2 handbags scarves, shawls & bandanas belts & sashes legwear hats & gloves footwear all accessories luxe home col3features: customer favorites: luxe home spring luxe home col1category: bedding sleepwear & intimates work from home clothing home décor tabletop wallpaper luxe lounge all at home style guide col3features: sets daytime also in black the bright side serene hues signature pc luxe knitwear brights bright sweaters made in peru spring layers annie's spring favorites one-size gift shop top-rated sale reversible pocket dresses pc x gb handcrafted accents brilliant florals subtle prints easy jersey jersey prints pc x gb andean roots sale styles to wear later sensational steals must-haves winter coats cozy sweaters winter reds baby alpaca sunset hues greens colors of nature luxe leather jersey tees & tops romance knit dresses light layers new arrivals: luxe home vacation ready styles red, white & blue short dresses blurple casual styles wide-leg pants day-to-night dresses sale styles to wear now aprés-ski holiday outfits metallic accents colors of the season tunics & dresses botanicals - do not use annie's fall picks patterned knits desert hues water pastels & neutrals top-rated black and white linen pima accessories ensembles from our founder dresses and skirts luxe lounge artisan accessories basics one pant, three ways printed dresses maxi dresses cinematic style tops under $79 western woman easy shapes summer whites cocoa and marshmallows midnight mood nostalgic luxury bohemian luxury alpaca socks to benefit american cancer society alpaca dresses & tunics street style southwest style favorites on sale 3/4-length dresses jersey dresses boho mother-daughter power duos blouses power dressing valentines day maximalism dresses by length garden party signature stripes tuscan sun treat yourself royal alpaca hand-painted yarns charcoals cables and ribs get noticed in pc sleek minimalism t-necks transition pieces summer tanks vintage wash shop by fit oversized fitted semi-fitted classic relaxed packed for you natural alpaca clothing store best sellers sweater dresses discounted select alpaca items royal alpaca tweed & tailored tassels & fringe ethnographic fit and flare spring getaway winter cocooning winter walk london fashion show aspen holiday textured art knits art knits relaxed holiday luxury to last extreme lengths hats, gloves and scarves statement knits scarborough fair ancient textiles reborn escape the heat summer work days long weekend travel store markets local looks effortlessly put together spring weight alpaca new years eve looks sparkle and shine branded tunic pairings grey heritage reimagined the it piece transition into fall even more amazing in person cropped menswear influence a new tribe details that distinguish sheer/lace made in new york andean collection uptown/downtown wovens minidresses and tunics mother's day weddings businesswear bespoke luxury sportswear chic annie's holiday picks peaches and cream outfits test 100% alpaca royal wedding 2018 styles introducing peruvian connection bedding pc covid-19 message trending banner test instagram facebook contest items artisan made cozy accessories & sets geometrics velveteen winter whites natural fibers kaffe fassett autumn hues el vaquero col2category: customer favorites original prints back in new colors peruvian pima cotton spring florals transitional styles alpaca clothing & accessories blues col1 travel in style best under $200 jacquards jacquard sweaters jacquard dresses jacquard skirts wardrobe staples occasion wear relaxed fit neutrals sale col3features: new markdowns further markdowns final clearance col1category: sweaters dresses tees & tops skirts & pants coats & jackets col2 jewelry & accessories lounge & home men's all sale sweaters col3features: customer favorites: sweaters pc x gb sweaters spring sweaters col1category: cardigans & kimonos pullovers art knits & collectibles alpaca sweaters pima cotton sweaters col2 ruanas, vests & capes knit coats & sweater coats tunics men's all sweaters dresses col3features: customer favorites: dresses pc x gb dresses spring dresses col1category: pima cotton dresses casual & travel dresses sweater dresses sundresses print, pattern & floral dresses col2 jersey dresses tunic & mini dresses black dresses occasion & cocktail dresses all dresses tees & tops col3features: customer favorites: tees & tops pc x gb tops spring tees & tops col1category: 3/4 & long sleeve short sleeve & sleeveless blouses pima cotton tees & tops tunics men's tops all tops skirts & pants col3features: customer favorites: skirts & pants pc x gb skirts & pants spring skirts & pants col1category: knee length & short skirts calf length & long skirts evening skirts pants & jeans legwear all skirts coats & jackets col3features: customer favorites: coats & jackets pc x gb coats & jackets spring coats & jackets col1category: alpaca coats & jackets shearling & leather outerwear blazers & lightweight jackets ruanas, wraps & capes men's coats & jackets all coats & jackets jewelry & accessories col3features: customer favorites: jewelry & accessories pc x gb jewelry & accessories spring jewelry & accessories col1category: earrings bracelets necklaces rings & brooches peruvian jewelry all jewelry col2 handbags scarves, shawls & bandanas belts & sashes legwear hats & gloves footwear all accessories luxe home col3features: customer favorites: luxe home spring luxe home col1category: bedding sleepwear & intimates work from home clothing home décor tabletop wallpaper luxe lounge all at home style guide col3features: sets daytime also in black the bright side serene hues signature pc luxe knitwear brights bright sweaters made in peru spring layers annie's spring favorites one-size gift shop top-rated sale reversible pocket dresses pc x gb handcrafted accents brilliant florals subtle prints easy jersey jersey prints pc x gb andean roots sale styles to wear later sensational steals must-haves winter coats cozy sweaters winter reds baby alpaca sunset hues greens colors of nature luxe leather jersey tees & tops romance knit dresses light layers new arrivals: luxe home vacation ready styles red, white & blue short dresses blurple casual styles wide-leg pants day-to-night dresses sale styles to wear now aprés-ski holiday outfits metallic accents colors of the season tunics & dresses botanicals - do not use annie's fall picks patterned knits desert hues water pastels & neutrals top-rated black and white linen pima accessories ensembles from our founder dresses and skirts luxe lounge artisan accessories basics one pant, three ways printed dresses maxi dresses cinematic style tops under $79 western woman easy shapes summer whites cocoa and marshmallows midnight mood nostalgic luxury bohemian luxury alpaca socks to benefit american cancer society alpaca dresses & tunics street style southwest style favorites on sale 3/4-length dresses jersey dresses boho mother-daughter power duos blouses power dressing valentines day maximalism dresses by length garden party signature stripes tuscan sun treat yourself royal alpaca hand-painted yarns charcoals cables and ribs get noticed in pc sleek minimalism t-necks transition pieces summer tanks vintage wash shop by fit oversized fitted semi-fitted classic relaxed packed for you natural alpaca clothing store best sellers sweater dresses discounted select alpaca items royal alpaca tweed & tailored tassels & fringe ethnographic fit and flare spring getaway winter cocooning winter walk london fashion show aspen holiday textured art knits art knits relaxed holiday luxury to last extreme lengths hats, gloves and scarves statement knits scarborough fair ancient textiles reborn escape the heat summer work days long weekend travel store markets local looks effortlessly put together spring weight alpaca new years eve looks sparkle and shine branded tunic pairings grey heritage reimagined the it piece transition into fall even more amazing in person cropped menswear influence a new tribe details that distinguish sheer/lace made in new york andean collection uptown/downtown wovens minidresses and tunics mother's day weddings businesswear bespoke luxury sportswear chic annie's holiday picks peaches and cream outfits test 100% alpaca royal wedding 2018 styles introducing peruvian connection bedding pc covid-19 message trending banner test instagram facebook contest items artisan made cozy accessories & sets geometrics velveteen winter whites natural fibers kaffe fassett autumn hues el vaquero col2category: customer favorites original prints back in new colors peruvian pima cotton spring florals transitional styles alpaca clothing & accessories blues col1 travel in style best under $200 jacquards jacquard sweaters jacquard dresses jacquard skirts wardrobe staples occasion wear relaxed fit neutrals sale col3features: new markdowns further markdowns final clearance col1category: sweaters dresses tees & tops skirts & pants coats & jackets col2 jewelry & accessories lounge & home men's all sale store locations 1-877-520-7378 my account customer service contact us order status returns & exchanges our guarantee shipping & sales tax gift services international orders u.s. privacy policy terms & conditions website accessibility notice of california right to opt-out of sale of personal information california consumer privacy rights request form product information alpaca fiber peruvian pima cotton the craft of art knitting sizing & fit fiber care wallpaper information glossary about pc our story pc fair trade beliefs pc in the news (+) behind the scenes careers job applicant privacy notice at collection what our customers say press inquiries stores united states privacy policy last updated: 04/07/2023 effective date: 04/22/2023 peruvian connection® privacy policy your privacy is important to peruvian connection (referenced within this privacy policy as “peruvian connection,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). we developed this united states privacy policy (“privacy policy” or “policy”) to provide you with information concerning our u.s. personal information practices, including our personal information collection, usage, disclosure, sale, sharing, and retention practices, as well as our privacy and security practices, when you visit our websites (collectively, “site” or “sites”) or otherwise provide us with personal information. this policy does not apply to workforce-related personal information collected from job applicants, employees, or similar individuals. for purposes of this privacy policy, the term “personal information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household. “you” and “your” refer to the person reading this privacy policy, which may include peruvian connection customers and other individuals visiting our sites. if you are located in the united kingdom or the european union, you may have privacy rights that are addressed in our united kingdom privacy policy and/or in our european union privacy policy. to jump to a specific section of this privacy policy, please click on a link below: personal information we collect sources from which personal information is collected purposes for collecting personal information purposes for disclosing personal information categories of third parties to whom personal information is disclosed cookies & similar technologies third-party privacy practices children’s privacy retention of personal information protection of your personal information california notice of third-party disclosures, selling and sharing; financial incentives; and privacy rights exercising privacy rights disability assistance do not track or other technologies privacy policy updates how to contact us i. personal information we collect we have collected the following categories of personal information within the last twelve (12) months, or we collect or reasonably anticipate collecting the following categories of personal information moving forward: identifiers, such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute, such as a name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law, such as sex/gender. some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. commercial information, such as records of personal property, products purchased, obtained, or considered; or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. internet or other similar network activity, such as browsing history, search history, or information on your interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. sensory data, such as audio, electronic, visual, or similar information. professional or employment-related information, such as occupation if you choose to complete a product review. inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about an individual reflecting his/her preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes. ii.	sources from which personal information is collected we may collect the above-described categories of personal information from one or more of the following sources: you. we collect personal information that you provide to us, such as when you create an account on our sites, purchase a product from us, leave a review on a product, or participate in a survey that we offer. in-store technologies. we may use cameras in and around our stores for fraud, theft prevention, and security purposes. our automated information collection technologies. we use automated information collection technologies for reporting and analysis purposes. for example, we consider metrics such as how you and others shop on our website, how easy our website is to navigate, and the performance of our marketing efforts. for additional information, see the cookies & similar technologies section, below. your friends. we may receive information about you from your friends and other third parties that use our sites, and we may combine or link that information with other information we have concerning you (e.g., fulfillment of a wish list). social media platforms and networks. if you connect or interact with us on social media platforms and networks such as facebook, pinterest, or instagram (“social media platforms”), for example, by liking our page or sharing something we post, the social media platforms may provide us with information concerning you, such as your name and other personal information. in addition, the social media platforms will have access to information about you and your use of the social media platforms. the information that we collect relating to your connections or interactions with us on social media platforms is subject to this privacy policy. the information collected by the social media platforms remains subject to the social media platforms’ privacy practices. third-party service providers. we may receive personal information about you from our third-party service providers, such as marketing networks and cooperatives, analytics providers, and online chat service providers. other third parties. we may collect personal information about you from other sources to enhance the personal information that we already maintain about you and to improve the accuracy of our records. this improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing. iii.	purposes for collecting personal information we may collect the above-described categories of personal information for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes: auditing relating to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards. to help ensure security and integrity to the extent using your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes. to debug, specifically to identify and repair errors that impair existing and intended functionality. short-term transient use, including but not limited to non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with peruvian connection. to perform services on behalf of peruvian connection, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, or providing similar services on behalf of peruvian connection. to provide advertising and marketing services. to undertake internal research for technological development and demonstration. to undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured for, or controlled by us; and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us. to manage your orders and returns, including creating, modifying, and canceling orders and returns. to communicate with you, such as when you place an order, contact us, make a request or inquiry, participate in a video chat, or share comments or concerns; or to send you coupons, emails, and newsletters or otherwise inform you of promotions, product rating opportunities, competitions, drawings, and sweepstakes. to administer promotions, competitions, drawings, sweepstakes, and surveys. to personalize your experience with us, including to retain information about your interests and preferences; customize the products and services we share with you; facilitate your interactions with our stylists and salespeople; and enrich your experience in our stores and on our sites. to conduct analytics to understand how you use our sites and shop with us; determine the methods and devices used to access our sites; enhance our products; and to make improvements to our sites. to provide interactive features of our sites, such as product reviews and live online chats. to detect and prevent fraud. to meet our regulatory reporting requirements and to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, including those that require employers to maintain specified records. to protect our legal interests. to respond to law enforcement requests, to meet obligations in legal proceedings and government investigations, and as otherwise required by applicable law, court order, or government regulations. to provide information pertinent to an actual or potential merger, acquisition, or other reorganization. as necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of peruvian connection, our customers, or others. as otherwise described to individuals when collecting the individual’s personal information. iv.	purposes for disclosing personal information we may disclose the above-described categories of personal information for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes: auditing relating to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards. to debug, specifically to identify and repair errors that impair existing and intended functionality. short-term transient use, including but not limited to non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with peruvian connection. to perform services on behalf of peruvian connection, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, or providing similar services on behalf of peruvian connection. to provide advertising and marketing services. to undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured for, or controlled by us; and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us. to manage your orders and returns, including creating, modifying, and canceling orders and returns. to communicate with you, such as when you place an order, contact us, make a request or inquiry, participate in a video chat, or share comments or concerns; or to send you coupons, emails, and newsletters or otherwise inform you of promotions, product rating opportunities, competitions, drawings, and sweepstakes. to administer promotions, competitions, drawings, sweepstakes, and surveys. to personalize your experience with us, including to retain information about your interests and preferences; customize the products and services we share with you; facilitate your interactions with our stylists and salespeople; and enrich your experience in our stores and on our sites. to conduct analytics to understand how you use our sites and shop with us; determine the methods and devices used to access our sites; enhance our products; and to make improvements to our sites. to provide interactive features of our sites, such as product reviews and live online chats. to detect and prevent fraud. to meet our regulatory reporting requirements and to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, including those that require employers to maintain specified records. to protect our legal interests. to respond to law enforcement requests, to meet obligations in legal proceedings and government investigations, and as otherwise required by applicable law, court order, or government regulations. to provide information pertinent to an actual or potential merger, acquisition, or other reorganization. as necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of peruvian connection, our customers, or others. as otherwise described to individuals when collecting the individual’s personal information. v.	categories of third parties to whom personal information is disclosed in connection with the purposes set forth in this privacy policy, we may share your personal information with one or more of the following categories of third parties: advertising networks: we may disclose your personal information with companies that connect advertisers to websites that want to host advertisements. data analytics providers: we may disclose your personal information to third-party website analytics providers that collect and analyze information about your interactions with our websites. data brokers: we may disclose your personal information to companies that disclose your personal information to other companies for multiple purposes, including offering products and services that may interest you. operating systems and platforms: we may disclose your personal information to software companies that provide us with operating systems and platforms. social media platforms: social media platforms may offer functionalities, plugins, widgets, or tools in connection with our sites (e.g., to share our products with your friends and followers on social media platforms). if you choose to use these functionalities, plugins, widgets, or tools, certain information may be shared with or collected by such social media platforms, and is subject to such social media platforms’ privacy practices. your friends: we share your wish list information with individuals that you designate when you use our site’s wish list sharing functions. additionally, if you choose to make your wish list public, individuals may find your wish list using our site’s find a friend’s wish list functions. visitors to our sites and online trunk show participants: when you leave a product review on our sites, your review is accessible by other members of the public when they visit our sites. when you choose to participate in an online trunk show hosted by our stylists, your personal information may be shared with and viewed by other online trunk show participants. recipients of customer lists: from time to time, we make our customer list (including names, customer ids, mailing addresses, email addresses, and phone numbers) and purchasing history available to list brokers, to retailers whose products we believe may be of interest to you, and to third-party service providers assisting us with marketing efforts. as one example, we work with epsilon abacus (“epsilon”), a company that manages the abacus alliance on behalf of participating retailers active in the clothing, collectibles, food, wine, gardening, gadgets, entertainment, health, beauty, household goods, and home interiors categories. retailers share customer information with epsilon, which is then combined with information provided by other retailers, analyzed by epsilon, and used for marketing purposes. retailers can utilize this information to identify individuals who are likely to be interested in their products, and to tailor their communications to such individuals by providing them with offers likely to be of interest to them. if you place an order with us, you will have the option to have your name, mailing address, and purchasing history shared with such third parties, including companies whose products may be of interest to you, as described above. if you would like to have your information shared with these companies, please tick the opt-in box. if you do not want to have your information shared, please leave the opt-in box blank. additionally, if at any point in time you decide that you do not want your information shared in this manner, you can request that we do not share information with such third parties by contacting us using the contact methods described in the exercising privacy rights section, below. third parties in connection with a competition, sweepstakes, or drawing: if you choose to enter a competition, sweepstakes, or drawing that we offer on our sites, your personal information may be disclosed to third parties or to the public in connection with the administration of such competition, sweepstakes, or drawing, including in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the competition, sweepstakes, or drawing’s terms and conditions, such as on a winner’s list. other third-party service providers, partners, suppliers, and subcontractors that perform services on our behalf: we may disclose personal information to other third-party service providers, partners, suppliers, and subcontractors that perform services on our behalf, including but not limited to billing and payment processing, marketing, research, web hosting, technical support, customer service, online text and video chat, shipping and fulfilment, printing, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services. governmental entities and third parties in connection with legal matters: we may disclose personal information to governmental entities, such as regulatory agencies, law enforcement, and judicial authorities, as well as other third parties under any of the following conditions: (a) if we have your valid consent to do so; (b) to comply with a valid subpoena, legal order, court order, warrant, legal process, or other legal obligation; (c) to enforce or apply any of our terms and conditions, policies, or other agreements; (d) to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; or (e) as necessary to pursue available legal remedies or defend legal claims. third parties in connection with a potential reorganization: we may disclose personal information to a prospective seller or buyer in the event of a potential reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of peruvian connection’s assets or stock, including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding. vi.	cookies & similiar technologies as you interact with our sites, we, with assistance from third-party analytics service providers, collect personal information pertaining to your use of our sites and the devices and programs from which you access our sites (“usage data”) using cookies and similar technologies. what are cookies? cookies are small computer files sent or accessed from your browser on the hard drive of your computer, mobile device, or tablet that contain information about your computer, such as user id, user settings, browsing history, and activities conducted while browsing websites. how do we use cookies? cookies are essential for the effective operation of our websites and help you to navigate our websites. pc and its third-party service providers use cookies to monitor individuals’ browsing behavior. the primary purposes for which cookies are used are: (1) for the effective operation of our websites, especially in connection with website navigation and online communications; (2) to monitor and improve the quality and user-friendliness of our website; (3) to monitor the success of our advertising campaigns and marketing-related activities (e.g., promotions); and (4) to assist pc in detecting and preventing fraud, denial of services attacks, and other malicious activity directed at our websites. how can you manage cookies? if you do not want usage data collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline many of these technologies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting them. cookies that are required to enable core site functionality cannot be disabled without causing substantial site functionality issues. we neither have access to, nor does this privacy policy govern, the use of cookies and similar technologies that may be placed on your device you use to access our sites by such third parties. if you are interested in opting out of tailored advertising, you may visit the network advertising initiative’s consumer opt-out link or the digital advertising alliance’s consumer opt-out link to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. vii.	third-party privacy practices our sites may provide links to other third-party internet websites as a service to you. we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other third-party internet websites. if you link to such a site through our sites, you should always review any privacy notice that is available for that site. viii.	children's privacy our sites are not directed to individuals under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from users under 13 years of age. no personal information should be submitted to our sites by visitors under 13 years of age. if we learn that we have collected personal information from someone under 13, we will take steps to delete the personal information as soon as possible. ix.	retention of personal information the following chart sets forth the criteria we will use to determine the period of time the categories of personal information to be collected by peruvian connection will be retained. categories of personal information criteria that will be used to determine period of time personal information will be retained certain identifiers time period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your personal information was originally collected or received time period necessary to meet peruvian connection’s legal obligations certain personal information categories listed in the california consumer records statute time period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your personal information was originally collected or received time period necessary to meet peruvian connection’s legal obligations certain characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law time period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your personal information was originally collected or received time period necessary to meet peruvian connection’s legal obligations certain commercial information time period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your personal information was originally collected or received time period necessary to meet peruvian connection’s legal obligations certain internet or other similar network activity time period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your personal information was originally collected or received time period necessary to meet peruvian connection’s legal obligations certain sensory data time period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your personal information was originally collected or received time period necessary to meet peruvian connection’s legal obligations certain professional or employment-related information time period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your personal information was originally collected or received time period necessary to meet peruvian connection’s legal obligations inferences drawn from other personal information time period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your personal information was originally collected or received time period necessary to meet peruvian connection’s legal obligations x.	protection of your personal information we implement technical and organizational measures designed to assist in maintaining the security and confidentiality of personal information; safeguarding against anticipated threats to the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of personal information; and protecting your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized access or disclosure. however, whenever personal information is processed, there is a risk that such data could be lost, misused, modified, hacked, breached, and/or otherwise accessed by an unauthorized third party. no system or online transmission of data is completely secure. in addition to the technical and organizational measures that we have in place to protect your personal information, you should use appropriate security measures to protect your personal information. if you believe that any personal information you provided to us is no longer secure, please notify us immediately by phone at 1-800-255-6429 or by email at privacy@peruvianconnection.com. xi.	california notice of third-party disclosures, selling and sharing; financial incentives; and privacy rights a. third-party disclosures, selling, and sharing we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes within the past twelve (12) months and/or reasonably anticipate disclosing the following categories of personal information for business purposes (i.e., purposes listed in the ccpa’s definition of “business purpose”),“selling” (i.e., selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating a consumer’s personal information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration), or “sharing” (i.e., sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising) to the following categories of third parties: category of personal information (pi) disclosed (as identified in section i) categories of third parties to whom pi has been disclosed for a business purpose categories of third parties to whom pi has been “sold” or “shared” certain identifiers advertising networks data analytics providers data brokers operating systems and platforms social media networks recipients of customer lists other third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf advertising networks data analytics providers data brokers social media networks recipients of customer lists other third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf certain personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute advertising networks data analytics providers data brokers operating systems and platforms social media networks recipients of customer lists other third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf advertising networks data analytics providers data brokers social media networks recipients of customer lists other third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law operating systems and platforms other third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf n/a certain commercial information advertising networks data analytics providers data brokers operating systems and platforms social media networks recipients of customer lists other third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf advertising networks data analytics providers data brokers social media networks recipients of customer lists other third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf certain internet or other similar network activity advertising networks data analytics providers data brokers operating systems and platforms social media networks recipients of customer lists other third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf advertising networks data analytics providers data brokers recipients of customer lists other third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf certain sensory data operating systems and platforms other third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf n/a certain professional or employment-related information operating systems and platforms other third-party service providers that provide services on our behalf n/a we may sell or share the above-described categories of personal information for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes: auditing relating to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of add impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards. debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. short-term transient use, including but not limited to non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with peruvian connection. performing services on behalf of peruvian connection, including maintaining or servicing customer accounts; providing customer service; processing or fulfilling orders and transactions; verifying customer information; processing payments; or providing similar services on behalf of peruvian connection. to provide advertising and marketing services. undertaking activities to maintain or enhance the quality or safety of a service that is controlled by peruvian connection. to send catalogues, marketing emails, or other publications to individuals. peruvian connection has no actual knowledge that it sells or shares any personal information of minors under 16 years of age under any circumstances. b. notice of financial incentives we may offer the following financial incentives or price or service differences (as those terms are defined under the ccpa): promotions when you sign up for our email newsletters. when you opt in to our newsletter financial incentive by signing up to receive our email newsletters for the first time, we may offer you a promotion, such as a specified dollar amount off the first purchase you make (e.g., $20 off first purchase of $100 or more), or the opportunity to enter a drawing (e.g., entry for a chance to win a $750 gift card). if you sign up for our newsletters, we will ask you to provide certain personal information, including identifiers and personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (e.g., email address, first name, zip code, birthday). the exact terms and conditions of each promotion will be posted at the time of the promotion, and may vary from promotion to promotion. additional offer details will be provided to you via email within 24 hours of when you sign up for our newsletters. you may withdraw from this incentive at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link that is provided in each newsletter we send to you. to calculate the value of consumers’ data for purposes of financial incentives, we may consider: (1) the marginal value to peruvian connection of the collection of a consumer’s personal information; (2) the average value to peruvian connection of the collection of a consumer’s personal information; (3) the aggregate value to peruvian connection of the collection of consumers’ personal information divided by the total number of consumers; (4) revenue generated from the collection or retention of consumers’ personal information; (5) expenses related to the collection or retention of consumers’ personal information; (6) expenses related to the offer, provision, or imposition of any financial incentive or price or service difference (as those terms are defined under the ccpa); (7) profit generated from the collection or retention of consumers’ personal information; and/or (8) any other practical and reasonably reliable method of calculation used in good faith. for example, we may estimate that the value of the personal information that you provide to us is equivalent to the “dollar off” amount provided to you (e.g., $20 off). c. california shine the light law rights under california’s “shine the light” law, california residents can annually request certain information about the personal information, if any, we shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the immediately preceding twelve (12) months. you may request this information by contacting us by email at privacy@peruvianconnection.com or by writing us at the following address: peruvian connection, attention privacy officer, canaan farm, box 990, tonganoxie, ks 66086. d. ccpa privacy rights california residents have certain rights under the california consumer privacy act, as amended by the california privacy rights act (“ccpa”), which gives california residents (“consumers” or “you”) certain rights and control over their personal information. this section of peruvian connection’s privacy policy applies solely to site visitors, users, and other individuals whose personal information we collect who reside in the state of california. california resident job applicants should review the peruvian connection job applicant notice at collection. if you are a california resident, you have the following privacy rights under the ccpa: right to know. you have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information; the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information; the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information; and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. right to request deletion. you have the right to request deletion of personal information about you that we have collected, subject to certain exceptions. right to non-discrimination. you have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for exercising your rights under the ccpa. right to request correction. you have the right to correct any inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. right to request to opt-out of selling or sharing. you have the right to request to opt out of peruvian connection selling or sharing your personal information. you may opt of the sale and/or sharing of your personal information by clicking our do not sell or share my personal information link. you may also submit an opt-out request to us using the submission methods described in the exercising privacy rights section, below. peruvian connection does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose. xii. exercising privacy rights in this section, we provide an explanation of our process for permitting individuals to exercise any privacy rights to which they are entitled by law, for designating an authorized agent, and for verifying the identity of individuals who submit privacy right requests. a. submitting requests to exercise your rights described in this privacy policy, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us through one of the following methods: submission methods. you may submit requests to exercise your privacy right(s) by: completing our online consumer privacy rights request form emailing us at privacy@peruvianconnection.com; or calling us at 1-800-255-6429. submission contents. requests to exercise your privacy right(s) should include the following information: your name; the country in which you currently reside; if you reside in the united states, the state in which you currently reside; which privacy right(s) you are exercising; any details that will assist us in responding to your request; and a phone number and/or email address at which we can reach you. b. designating an authorized agent only you or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. you may designate an authorized agent to make a verifiable consumer request on your behalf by submitting such request to peruvian connection via email at privacy@peruvianconnection.com with “request for authorized agent” in the subject line. before taking action in response to such a request, we will require your authorized agent to verify his/her authority. c. identity verification before responding to your request to exercise your right to know, correct, or delete, we must verify your identity through reasonable verification measures. if you have a password-protected account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing authentication practices for your account. if you are exercising your right to know, correct, or delete your personal information, we may require you to re-authenticate yourself before we provide a substantive response to your request to know, correct, or delete your personal information. our verification processes also may include requiring you to provide answers to questions pertaining to the information we have on file for you (e.g., your account number; most recent purchase; email address; physical address; phone number); requesting confirmation of your request using the email address we have on file for you; and/or calling the phone number we have on file for you to confirm the request. we may also require you to provide a signed declaration or, if you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of a california resident, signed permission from such california resident. if we cannot verify your identity based on information we already have, we may request additional information from you. if this is necessary, we will only use the additional information for purposes of verifying your identity and for fraud-prevention. if we are unable to reasonably verify your identity (and thus unable to comply with your request), we will advise you why that is the case. xiii. disability assistance we are committed to ensuring that this privacy policy is accessible to everyone. individuals with difficulty accessing information in this privacy policy are encouraged to contact us by email at privacy@peruvianconnection.com or by calling us at 1-800-255-6429. xv. do not track or other similar technologies we will respond to “do not track” signals or other similar technologies. although we do not track your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services, our website may place analytic or advertising cookies originating from third parties that may be used for such tracking on your computers and devices. these third parties may collect personal information relating to your online activities over time and across different sites and apps when you use our sites. xv. privacy policy updates we may update this privacy policy from time to time as we add new services or offerings; as we improve our current services and offerings; and as technologies and laws change. it is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on our sites. any changes will become effective two weeks after our posting of the revised privacy policy on the sites. the date this privacy policy was updated and the date it became effective are identified at the top of the first page. if we make material changes to how we treat the personal information that falls within the scope of this privacy policy, we will notify you by email or through a prominent notice on the homepage of our site. xvi. how to contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, any complaints, or need assistance relating to your personal information, you may contact us via email at privacy@peruvianconnection.com, by calling us at 1-800-255-6429, or by writing us at the following address: peruvian connection, attention privacy officer, canaan farm, box 990, tonganoxie, ks 66086. sign up for email find a store near you spring collection contact us 1-877-520-7378 discover pc style guide explore our stores sign up for email careers customer service contact us order status returns & exchanges shipping & tax gift services product information alpaca fiber peruvian pima cotton fiber care sizing & fit the craft of art knitting our story company history behind the scenes press inquiries pc in the news what our customers say pc fair trade beliefs ©2023 peruvian connection peruvian connection's privacy policy will be updated effective 04/22/23. you can review updated language here. please contact privacy@peruvianconnection.com with any questions. ok 1-877-520-7378│ index+│ site map│ terms of use│ u.s. privacy policy│ do not sell or share my personal information│ │ women's sweaters pima cotton sweaters women's cardigans sweaters baby alpaca pullover sweaters women's knit jackets women's sweater vests women's knit sweaters sweaters for women cardigan sweaters for women cardigans for women cardigan sweaters pullovers sweaters for women women's alpaca sweaters women's wool sweaters art knit sweaters collectible sweaters ruanas, vests & women's capes kimonos & women's knit coats all women's sweaters customer favorites: women's sweaters designer sweaters women's seasonal sweaters fall sweaters women's winter sweaters lightweight sweaters warm sweaters women's shirts & tops women's pima cotton shirts women's tops pima cotton t shirts women's long sleeve shirts women's short sleeve shirts women's tees & cotton tops women's 3/4 & long sleeve women's short sleeve tops sleeveless tops all women's tops customer favorites: women's tees & tops women's seasonal tees & tops women's skirts women's dress skirts women's cocktail skirts women's evening skirts women's dress pants women's cotton tights women's knee length skirts women's long skirts women's skirts & pants knee length & short skirts calf length & long skirts women's evening skirts women's dress pants & trousers women's leggings all women's skirts customer favorites: skirts & pants women's seasonal skirts & pants women's dresses women's cocktail dresses women's designer dresses work dresses special occasion dresses resort dresses casual dresses pima cotton dresses women's summer dresses women's sundresses women's evening dresses designer cocktail dresses little black cocktail dresses little black dresses black dresses women's work dresses women's travel dresses women's work & travel dresses designer work dresses women's dresses all women's dresses knit dresses long dresses cotton dresses seasonal dresses for women customer favorites: women's dresses chic dresses women's tunic dresses sweater tunics women's jackets & coats women's wraps & capes women's coats & jackets designer alpaca jackets women's alpaca jackets ruanas all coats & women's jackets travel jackets customer favorites: coats & jackets wool coats women's seasonal coats & jackets fall jackets winter coats & jackets jewelry & accessories women's accessories handcrafted jewelry women's peruvian jewelry peruvian handcrafted jewelry peruvian earrings peruvian necklaces women's peruvian bracelets women's peruvian rings women's handbags women's purses women's hats women's silk scarves silk wraps & shaws designer fashion belts women's fashion hats fashion tights & leg warmers women's jewelry & clothing accessories women's earrings women's bracelets necklaces for women rings & women's brooches peruvian jewelry all women's jewelry handbags & women's purses women's scarves shawls & women's wraps women's belts & sashes legwear & women's cotton tights women's hats & gloves all women's clothing accessories customer favorites: women's jewelry & accessories summer jewelry & women's clothing accessories gifts & home decor gifts for women home decor gifts peruvian home decor women's sleepwear women's nightgowns at home clothing & women's gifts sleepwear & women's intimates home decor all home decor & gifts for women customer favorites: at home gifts & decor summer at home designer clothing sale sale women's alpaca clothing sale pima cotton sweaters discount designer dresses discount designer clothing women's clothing sale fresh cuts, discount women's clothing final clearance women's clothing discount women's sweaters discount women's dresses discount women's skirts & trousers discount women's tops discount women's coats & jackets discount women's jewelry & clohting accessories at home, discount home decor all women's clothing sale best women's sweaters best women's dresses favorite women's tees & tops women's best skirts & pants women's coats & jackets reviewed favorite women's jewelry & accessories reviewed home decor with reviews women's sale clothing reviewed ©2023 peruvian connection the form is unavailable at this time, please try again later. reload