来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091231140048/http://www.brevilleusa.com/faq/
================================================================================

breville faq we detected that your javascript seem to be disabled. you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. welcome to breville find a retailer my account my wishlist product registration my shopping cart checkout skip to main content » category navigation: juicing espresso blending tea coffee grilling cooking toasting parts accessories juicing espresso coffee cooking search site general: what is the breville warranty policy? where can i download a product manual? *here* where can i purchase the colored breville items on the australian website? where can i purchase a breville appliance? how do i contact breville? how do i check the status of a product returned to breville? how do i register my breville appliance? where are breville appliances made? where can i order spare or replacement parts? are the non-stick coatings on breville products safe? where can i get my out of warranty products serviced? espresso: my filter seems to be clogged and nothing comes out. my machine will not turn on. my espresso tastes burnt. my espresso tastes weak. how hot should the espresso be when it reaches my cup or mug? why is the coffee in the filter wet and soppy after extraction? what kind of pods do you recommend? how do i replace my filters? my esp8xl café roma is missing the froth enhancer shown on the packaging and manual. juicing: my breville juicer will not turn on. what parts on my juicer or citrus press are dishwasher safe? my juicer is messy and seems to leak from the pulp chute to the pulp container? why is the top layer of juice foamy? can you extract juice from wheat grass? grilling and cooking: are the non-stick coatings on breville products safe? what is the best way of cleaning my breville grill? general: what is the breville warranty policy? breville® warrants this breville® appliance against defects that are due to faulty material or workmanship for a period of one (1) year from the date of original consumer purchase. this warranty does not cover damage from abuse, neglect, use for commercial purposes, or any other use not found in the printed “instructions for use” booklet. there is no warranty for glass parts, glass containers, filter basket, blades and agitators. hwi breville® expressly disclaims all responsibility for consequential damages for incidental losses caused by use of this appliance. some states or provinces do not allow this exclusion or limitation for incidental or consequential losses, so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you. any warranty of merchantability or fitness with respect to this product is also limited to the one year limited warranty period. some states or provinces do not allow disclaimer of the implied warranty with respect to consumer goods, so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you. this warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may also have other legal rights which vary from state to state or province to province. if the appliance should become defective within the warranty period, do not return the appliance to the store. please contact our customer service center: toll free phone number: 1-866-breville (1-866-273-8455) 8am to 5pm pst email: askus@brevilleusa.com back to top where can i download a product manual? click here for product manuals. back to top where can i purchase the colored breville items on the australian website? the colors are exclusive to the australian market. back to top where can i purchase a breville appliance? click here for the retail locator. back to top how do i contact breville? toll free phone number: 1-866-breville (1-866-273-8455) 8am to 5pm pst email: askus@brevilleusa.com back to top how do i check the status of a product returned to breville? contact breville support. toll free phone number: 1-866-breville (1-866-273-8455) 8am to 5pm pst email: askus@brevilleusa.com back to top how do i register my breville appliance? click here to register your breville appliance. back to top where are breville appliances made? everything is designed and engineered at the breville centre of design excellence in sydney, australia. they are assembled to our exact specifications in china. back to top where can i order spare or replacement parts? toll free phone number: 1-866-breville (1-866-273-8455) 8am to 5pm pst email: askus@brevilleusa.com back to top are the non-stick coatings on breville products safe? since the introduction of non-stick coating in the mid-1950s, literally billions of pieces of cookware finished with non-stick coating have been used throughout the world with complete safety. we know of no illness or health problem that has been documented as being caused by the use of non-stick cookware. from a consumer's standpoint, the potential hazards (smoke and fumes) associated with the nonstick coating on breville appliances could only occur at temperatures above 715°f (380°c), the heating element in breville appliances operate between 300°f and 450°f (150°c to 230°c) thus thermal degradation of the coatings resulting in fumes is impossible. if you have further questions please contact breville support: toll free phone number: 1-866-breville (1-866-273-8455) 8am to 5pm pst email: askus@brevilleusa.com back to top where can i get my out of warranty products serviced? click here for more information. (18k) back to top espresso: my filter seems to be clogged and nothing comes out. you are likely using a grind of espresso that is too fine. try a grind set to a coarser (larger grind) setting. use the "pin end" of the custom cleaning tool to clean the small hole in the bottom of the filter. if the problem continues contact breville support: toll free phone number: 1-866-breville (1-866-273-8455) 8am to 5pm pst email: askus@brevilleusa.com back to top my machine will not turn on. try to unplug and plug the machine back in. remove the water tank and replace it. if the problem continues contact breville support: toll free phone number: 1-866-breville (1-866-273-8455) 8am to 5pm pst email: askus@brevilleusa.com back to top my espresso tastes burnt. this can happen due to a couple reasons: you are over extracting - a single shot of espresso is one ounce (30ml), a double shot is 2 ounces (60ml) and a pod produces one ounce (30ml). you are using beans that were burnt by the roaster. this often happens with coffees classified as dark or french and italian roasts. try a lighter blend like caffè verona® from starbucks™. back to top my espresso tastes weak. you are probably using too thick of a grind - make sure you grind, or request a grind, of medium-fine for espresso. never use a grind intended for drip coffee. if you are using pods only use e.s.e pods intended for espresso, we recommend illy™ and starbucks™. each e.s.e. serving contains 7 grams of coffee; the exact amount needed for a 1 oz. shot of espresso. back to top how hot should the espresso be when it reaches my cup or mug? it should be from 158°f to 187°f (70°c to 86°c). back to top why is the coffee in the filter wet and soppy after extraction? the dual wall filters create back pressure by forcing brewed espresso through the small holes in the upper layer of the filter and then the small hole in the bottom layer of the filter (in addition to using barometric pressure from the pump) to create a thick rich crema. during this process to all water is forced through the filter and remains on top of the ground coffee in the filter. this is normal and the reason breville espresso machines deliver more crema than other machines. back to top what kind of pods do you recommend? only use e.s.e pods intended for espresso, we recommend illy and starbucks. each e.s.e. serving contains 7 grams of coffee; the exact amount needed for a 1 oz. shot of espresso. back to top how do i replace my filters? contact breville support: toll free phone number: 1-866-breville (1-866-273-8455) 8am to 5pm pst email: askus@brevilleusa.com back to top my esp8xl café roma is missing the froth enhancer shown on the packaging and manual. the froth enhancer featured on the packaging and mentioned in the instruction manual is no longer included on the esp8xl café roma due to product upgrade. the new esp8xl café roma model now features a sliding steam wand with an exclusive finger loop to allow for more freedom while steaming. frothing milk is still just as easy with the new product upgrade. just fill your pitcher 1/3 of the way full with cold milk (preferably 1% or 2 % milk) and hold the tip of the wand just below the surface. you will start to hear a hissing sound once the wand is in the ideal location or a squeaking sound if it's in too deep. position the wand off-center to create rapid circular motion and maintain the hissing sound and position until you get your desired amount of foam. if you just want to steam the milk, then position the steam wand deeper in the milk. back to top juicing: my breville juicer will not turn on. try unplugging the machine and plugging it back in. if the problem continues, contact breville support: toll free phone number: 1-866-breville (1-866-273-8455) 8am to 5pm pst email: askus@brevilleusa.com back to top what parts on my juicer or citrus press are dishwasher safe? all parts with the exception of the base that plugs in can be washed on the top rack of the dishwasher. back to top my juicer is messy and seems to leak from the pulp chute to the pulp container? to simplify cleanup we recommend lining the pulp container with a plastic grocery bag or produce bag. this provides a little extra seal and makes clean up a cinch. back to top why is the top layer of juice foamy? the high yield filter causes a bit of foam on top of the juice, but the froth separator on the juice jug should skim it off. there is no loss of healthful enzymes by not drinking the foam; they are active in the juice. back to top can you extract juice from wheat grass? no you need a single gear or masticating juicer. they use a single gear or auger that literally chews fruit and vegetable fibers. back to top grilling and cooking: are the non-stick coatings on breville products safe? since the introduction of non-stick coating in the mid-1950s, literally billions of pieces of cookware finished with non-stick coating have been used throughout the world with complete safety. we know of no illness or health problem that has been documented as being caused by the use of non-stick cookware. from a consumer's standpoint, the potential hazards (smoke and fumes) associated with the nonstick coating on breville appliances could only occur at temperatures above 715°f (380°c), the heating element in breville appliances operate between 300°f and 450°f (150°c to 230°c) thus thermal degradation of the coatings resulting in fumes is impossible. if you have further questions please contact breville support: toll free phone number: 1-866-breville (1-866-273-8455) 8am to 5pm pst back to top what is the best way of cleaning my breville grill? we recommend that you use a paper towel or dish cloth to clean wipe down and clean between the ribs on the cooking plates. if you clean while the grill is warm to the touch, clean up is easier. using lemon juice as an agent to clean the grill will make cleaning even smoother. back to top questions? faq askus@brevilleusa.com 1.866.breville (1.866.273.8455) 8a to 5p pacific time product registration advanced search about us contact us media inquiries: media@brevilleusa.com more breville on: © 2009 breville usa. all rights reserved.