来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171214130941/https://www.brevilleusa.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy – breville beveragesjuicersespressoblendersnespressocoffee grinderscoffee makersimmersion blenderscitrus presskettles & tea makerscookingfood prepcommercialcookwarepartsbeverage partsjuicer partsjuice fountain plus partsjuice fountain cold partsjuice fountain duo partsjuice fountain elite partsjuice fountain multi partsjuice fountain compact partsespresso partsoracle partsdual boiler partsbarista express partsduo-temp partsinfuser partsblender partsthe boss blender partscitrus press partsimmersion blender partscoffee maker partscoffee grinder partscitrus press partskettle partstea maker partscooking partsoracle partsdual boiler partsbarista express partsinfuser partsduo-temp partsfood prep partssupportbeverages free shipping on all orders over $49! 866.273.8455 0 beverages juicers espresso milk frothers blenders nespresso coffee grinders coffee makers citrus press kettles & tea makers cooking ovens microwave ovens toasters grills specialty snack makers deep fryers waffle makers pressure, rice & slow cookers electric cookware cookware food prep food processor mixers immersion blenders commercial the control freak the smoking gun pro parts support 0 shopping cart your cart is currently empty. continue shopping this statement summarizes breville’s policies regarding personal information that may be collected or submitted to us through the breville website of www.brevilleusa.com (“site”) or via any other means of collection. your privacy is important to breville breville respects and upholds the confidentiality of information and the privacy of individuals. breville is committed to ensuring the privacy of personal information provided to us. unless we have your direct permission to do otherwise, we will only collect and use your personal information as set out in this privacy policy. where we or our documents request personal information, we will state the purposes for its use and to whom it may be disclosed. we acknowledge that you have the right to control how your personal information is collected and used. personal information the type of information that may be collected or submitted to breville or breville group limited (brg) includes: your name, current addresses, age group, email address, telephone/cell phone number and fax number; information about your visit to the site, which includes the date and time of your visit, the pages accessed and the documents retrieved; the type of browser used when you visit our site, and any personal correspondence, which includes emails (“personal information”). other information you provide is not required by us but may assist with responding to your request more effectively. why do we collect personal information? breville offers various products and services to our customers and also strives to meet the needs of our customers with after sales services and improved product performance. to do this effectively, we need to collect certain personal information. the personal information we collect from you all personal information we collect from you requires your consent, for example, opening an account, supplying a service, purchase and delivery of products, special offers and after sales services. we may request your consent from time to time to take part in improved product performance or for marketing purposes that we think will be useful to you. however, unless you are informed otherwise, the personal information we hold is for establishing and managing our business and customer relationship with you. sensitive information is subject to greater restrictions and governed by law. by communicating with breville, including by email and by completing online forms, you are giving your consent to the collection of what personal information you provide. you have the right to anonymity and do not have to supply us with information, however if you choose not to provide the information and we need to fulfill your request for a specific product or service, we may be unable to provide you with that requested product or service. keeping a record of personal information depending on the product or service you have acquired, it may be necessary to keep a record of the transaction for business purposes or to enable us to respond to your concerns. we may hold personal information for the following purposes: internal accounting and administration; to supply you with information about your account including regular statements; to respond to inquiries; enhancing customer service, product options and to improved product performance; promotions, competition entry forms, redemption vouchers and special offers where you have voluntarily supplied your personal details; to administer warranty claims and sales records; to inform you about updates or changes to the product or service you have acquired; to provide information about us, our products, services and special offers; and to analyze our website usage. occasionally we require organizations outside breville to provide a service for purposes, which are necessary for us to conduct our business, functions and activities (for example advertising names of competition winners and delivering products). we take all steps to ensure these organizations both inside and outside of the united states deal with personal information according to this policy. our disclosure of your information although breville and brg uses industry standard practices to protect your personal information, due to technical limitations, we cannot guarantee and ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this privacy statement. therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. having said that, as a matter of policy, we never sell or rent any personal information about you to any third party. the following describes some of the ways that your personal information may be disclosed and you expressly agree that your personal information may be disclosed by breville or brg in the following ways: advertisers: we may internally gather up data across all of our site’s visitors and keep a record of your usage habits. as a result, we may disclose some limited, non specific personal information to third parties for marketing and promotional purposes. however, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally. certain information, such as your name, email address, address, and telephone number are never disclosed to advertisers. cookies: when you visit our site, our server may attach a small data file known as a "cookie" to your hard drive. this enables us to analyze usage patterns on our site in order to tailor it to our users' needs. cookies are safe and cannot be used to deliver a virus. cookies only identify your computer to our servers when you visit our site. most web browsers are set to accept cookies. if you do not wish to accept cookies, you can refuse the transfer of cookies to your computer's hard drive by adjusting your internet browser. legal requests: breville or brg may lawfully disclose your personal information for law enforcement or regulatory purposes. how we manage your personal information you may have contact with us personally, by telephone, mail, over the internet or other electronic medium. we take all reasonable steps to keep your personal information secure in a combination of secure computer storage, hard copy files and other records. we take steps to protect the personal information we hold from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. you have the right to access the personal information you have provided to us. if you require details of your personal information held by us, we will need to verify your identity before meeting your request, which we will process in a reasonable time. if you find that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date then we will promptly correct it. when your personal information is no longer needed, we will remove any personal identifiers or we will ensure the secure destruction of t he records. as far as permissible under law, breville accepts no responsibility for the unauthorized access of personal information held by breville. changes to our privacy statement from time to time in may be necessary for us to review and revise our privacy statement. we reserve the right to change our privacy statement at any time and to notify you by publishing an updated version of the policy on the breville website at www.brevilleusa.com. how to contact us if you have a problem or complaint if you have any queries in relation to this policy or its administration or if you would like more details of the type of personal information breville holds, for what purposes, and how we collect, hold, use and disclose that information, please contact breville at askus@brevilleusa.com. about breville privacy policy social responsability terms of use patents careers breville support ask us product registration return policy warranty keep in touch sign up for breville newsletter © 2017 breville