来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20180315053937/https://www.brevilleusa.com/pages/privacy-policy
================================================================================

privacy policy privacy policy your browser does not support javascript or it has been disabled. please upgrade your browser or enable javascript for a better experience. skip to main content closepromobtnlabel products parts and accessories recipes search close search usa region and language region united states canada australia deutschland new zealand austria united kingdom switzerland belgium netherlands luxembourg language english loggedinlabel 0 items.text cart main menu products parts and accessories recipes usa region and language region united states canada australia deutschland new zealand austria united kingdom switzerland belgium netherlands luxembourg language english breville usa download last updated: january 2019 breville usa, inc. ecommerce website privacy policy at breville usa, inc, breville canada, lp, breville pty. limited and breville new zealand limited (“breville,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), your privacy is important to us. this privacy policy is designed to explain how we collect, use, and disclose information in connection with our websites, apps and email messages that link to this privacy policy (collectively, including the websites, apps and email messages, the “services”). by using the services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. information we collect information you provide us when you sign up to receive a newsletter, create an account, place an order through the services, submit a review, participate in a contest or survey or contact us through our online contact form or call centers, we collect information from you such as: •name •address(es) •telephone number •email address •financial details •purchase information, including lifestyle and food preferences, and shopping lists •personal characteristics (e.g., date of birth, gender) •feedback and reviews of breville’s products we may also collect information about you from other sources, such as public databases and joint marketing partners. information we collect from your use of the services we and our third-party service providers may collect information from you as you use our services, including: ·         through your browser or device: certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your media access control (mac) address, computer type (windows or macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version and the name and version of the services you are using. we use this information to help our services function properly. ·         using cookies: a cookie is a small data file stored by your web browser on your computer. session cookies are erased when the user closes the web browser or browser tab. persistent cookies remain on your hard drive until they expire or are deleted. some cookies are necessary for our website’s functionality and enable you to place an item in your online shopping cart and to place an order on our website. other cookies allow us to enhance and personalize your online shopping experience, so the information you receive is more relevant to you. here are some examples of what cookies allows us to do: remember what items are in your shopping bag, recognize you when you return to our website, enable faster checkout if you have created an account with us, analyze how our customers navigate our website and which products they search for, and deliver personalized marketing from breville. if you set your browser to refuse all cookies, please contact us directly to place your order. if you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. you may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. if, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the services. for example, we may not be able to recognize your computer, and you may need to log in every time you visit. ·         using pixel tags and other similar technologies: we also use pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear gifs) – tiny graphic images – to tell us what parts of our website you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our website. pixel tags also enable us to send you email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us. some of our third-party vendors may also use cookies or other online tools including pixel tags on our website. pixels and cookies may also collect and use the geographical location of your computer or mobile device. this location data is collected for the purpose of providing you with information regarding services which we believe may be of interest to you based on your geographic location, and to improve our location-based products and services. ·         we also contract with third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the internet. to do this, they will collect information about your visits to our website and your interaction with our products and services. they may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements. these targeted advertisements may appear on other sites that you visit. this information is collected using a cookie or pixel tag – industry standard technology used by most websites. •        ip address: your ip address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your internet service provider. an ip address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the services, along with the time of the visit and the pages that were visited. collecting ip addresses is standard practices and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. we use ip addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems, and administering the services. we may also derive your approximate location from your ip address. ·         by aggregating information: we may combine personal information with information about your online and in-store transactions and other interactions with us, including your purchases. we may also combine your personal information with information we receive from other sources, such as joint marketing partners, public databases, publicly available pages on social media platforms and other third parties. we use this information for market research purposes and to improve the quality of the services we offer. we reserve the right to disclose aggregated, anonymous data we have collected to third parties for any purpose. ·         your social sharing: if you choose to engage in social sharing, such as by connecting your social media account to your customer account or by logging into your customer account from your social media account, the social media site may share information with us about your use of their services, including profile information, information about your contacts and content you have viewed or liked. please refer to the social media site’s privacy settings to control how your information is shared. if you submit any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy. ·         through mobil devices: when you use our websites, mobile apps and other services, we may use automated technology to collect information indicating the physical location of your device, such as gps data, cell phone tower data, wi-fi signals, or your device’s ip address. we may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content, such as by helping you locate our stores or showing or sending you information pertaining to products or offers that are relevant to your location. you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses through your mobile device, but if you do deny them, we may not be able to provide you with a personalized user experience. how we use your information we may use the information we collect: •        to provide the services and fulfill your order, including by shipping products to you, or others you designate, and sending emails to you, or others you designate, to confirm your order status and shipment and to process merchandise returns. •        to notify you when an out of stock product is back in stock. •        to send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. •        to register and manage any accounts you have with us and respond to your inquiries regarding these accounts. •        to complete and fulfill your purchase or other requests, including processing your payment, communicating with you regarding your purchase, and providing you with customer service related to your purchase or purchased products. •        to send you marketing communications that we believe may potentially be of interest to you. •        to personalize your experience on the services by presenting products and offers tailored to you or that may potentially be of interest to you. •        to allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and to administer these activities. •        for our business purposes and the business purposes of our partners and third party service providers, such as, without limitation, troubleshooting data analysis, audits, security, fraud monitoring and prevention; developing new products; enhancing, improving, or modifying our services; identifying usage trends; determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns; collaborating with our partners, responding to customer service enquiries; and operating and expanding business or future activities. •        to enforce our terms of use (https://www.brevilleusa.com/pages/terms-of-use) or other legal rights. how we share your information your information may be disclosed: ·         to our affiliates for the purposes described in this privacy policy. ·         to our third-party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other services. ·         to our third- party analytic services such as google analytics and adobe analytics who analyze and report trends and other relevant marketing data. ·         to third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions. ·         to third party advertising companies that serve advertisements regarding goods and services (see the “third party advertisers” section, below). ·         by you when you post content and make submissions to our websites or other public forums, such as our brands’ social media pages, blogs, and online product reviews. any information that you disclose through these services will become public. see terms and conditions of the user agreement for user-generated content submissions(https://www.brevilleusa.com/pages/terms-of-use). ·         by you when you engage in social sharing from social media account. by connecting your customer account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider, and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the social media site’s privacy policy. ·         to a third party in the event of any proposed or effected reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in bankruptcy or similar proceedings). if any such event occurs, that third party may assume all of our rights to collect, use, share, or otherwise dispose of your information. ·         as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms of use; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. we may use and disclose information that does not identify or otherwise relate to an individual for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. third party services this privacy policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the services link. the inclusion of a link on the services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates. third party advertisers we may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may potentially be of interest to you when you access and use the services and other websites or online services. these advertisements may be based on information relating to your access to and use of the services and other websites or online services. to serve these advertisements, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags). if you would like more information about this practice generally, and to learn about your choices with respect to these third parties, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices and http://www.aboutads.info/. we also contract with third party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the internet. to do this, they will collect anonymous information about your visits to our website and your interaction with our products and services. they may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements. these targeted advertisements may appear on other sites that you visit. this anonymous information is collected through the use of a cookie or pixel tag – industry standard technology used by most major websites. no personally identifiable information is collected in this process. to opt-out of this type of messaging, please visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org do not track do not track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. when a user turns on the do not track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. for information about do not track, visit www.allaboutdnt.org. at this time, breville does not respond to do not track browser settings or signals. in addition, breville may use other technology that is standard to the internet, such as pixel tags, web beacons, and other similar technologies, to track visitors to breville’s website. those tools may be used by us and by third parties to collect information about you and your internet activity, even if you have turned on the do not track signal. security we seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect information within our organization. unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. if you have reason to believe the security of your account has been compromised, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “contact us” section below. your choices and access from time to time, we send e-mail messages to our users. if you would prefer not to receive such messages, we provide users choices regarding receiving certain communications from us and our partners. •if you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going forward basis, you may opt out via an “unsubscribe” link that may be provided in each such email. note, however, that even if you “unsubscribe,” you may still receive certain administrative communications from us, such as emails confirming that we have received or shipped your order, or emails regarding certain changes to our terms, conditions, or policies. •if you would prefer that we not share your information on a going-forward basis with our business partners or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes, you may opt out of this sharing by contacting us at [email protected] retention period we will retain your information for at least the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. use of services by minors breville is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection, storage and use of personal information of minors under the age of 16. except as noted below : (i) our products and services are marketed for and directed towards purchase by adults or with the consent of adults; (ii) individuals under the age of 16 ("minors") are not permitted to use the services without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian; (iii) we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an online account or to post personal information on the services; and (iv) should we learn that someone under the age of 16 has provided any personal information to or on any of the services, we will remove that information as soon as possible. if you are a parent or guardian who believes that your minor under the age of 16 has submitted personal information or other information to us without your consent, please contact [email protected]. once we verify that you are the parent or legal guardian, at your request, we will promptly provide to you information regarding what, if any, personal information we have collected about your child and how it has been used or shared. we will, at your request, remove personal information about your child from the database and instruct our affiliates and third party partners to do the same. if you are a minor under the age of 16, you may request and obtain removal of certain content or information posted on the services by sending an email to [email protected]with “privacy rights for minors” in the subject line. please be advised that our removal of your post(s) does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted on the services. cross-border transfer your information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the united states, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. updates to this privacy policy we may make changes to this privacy policy from time to time. these changes will be effective as of the “last updated” legend at the top of this page. therefore, you should check this privacy policy frequently for any updates.  your use of the services following these changes means that you accept the revised privacy policy. contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us at [email protected] because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us. your california privacy rights california law permits customers of breville who are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please write to us at the following address: breville - california privacy rights legal department 19400 s western ave. torrance, ca 90504 or contact us at 1.866.273.8455 or email us at [email protected] california do not track disclosure do not track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. when a user turns on the do not track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. at this time, we do not respond to do not track browser settings or signals. for information about do not track, please visit: www.allaboutdnt.org. product parts & accessories troubleshoot signup for our newsletter newsletter sign up sign up for newsletter first name last name email i am interested in receiving email messages to this account from breville regarding recipes, tips & techniques, product updates and other breville news submit follow us: breville group limited remanufactured sales learn more about us careers patents find a retailer affiliates breville support warranty register a product returns policy support © breville usa, inc. all rights reserved. terms of use privacy policy cookie policy social responsibility site map