来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131019111827/http://www.dtlr.com/
================================================================================

home - dtlr - down town locker room. your fashion, your lifestyle! store finder street teams events blog stay updated sign up login / register forgot password? register bag (0 items) x your cart is empty. delivery options dtlr - down town locker room. your fashion, your lifestyle! facebook twitter youtube instagram free shipping on orders over $100! continue shopping new arrivals new arrivals exclusives back in stock staff picks brands nike shoes shoes men basketball running boots off court training womens sneakers boots kids grade school preschool infant crib classic wall caps caps fitted snap back 5-panel knit teams nba bulls cavaliers celtics clippers grizzlies hawks heat jazz knicks lakers magic mavericks nets nuggets pacers pelicans pistons raptors rockets spurs suns thunder timberwolves trail blazers warriors nfl 49ers bears bengals bills broncos bucaneers cardinals chargers chiefs cowboys dolphins eagles falcons giants jaguars jets lions packers panthers patriots raiders rams ravens redskins saints seahawks steelers texans vikings nhl blackhawks blues bruins ducks kings sharks mlb angels astros blue jays braves cardinals dodgers giants indians marlins nationals orioles pirates rays reds rockies tigers white sox yankees tees tees graphic tank basic long sleeve raglan womens tops tops sweatshirts hoodie crewneck zip track jackets polos button up outerwear outerwear heavy light vests denim jackets bottoms bottoms shorts fleece denim twill accessories accessories socks backpacks sale sale shoes mens womens kids caps knit fitted snapback tees graphic long sleeve raglan tops hoodies crewneck athletic sweaters long sleeve bottoms denim twill athletic outerwear heavy light denim vests blogs rep your team in style with mitchell and ness nba jackets just in time for the weather cooling down, mitchell and ness has come out with a sick fall 2013 nba division satin jacket. perfect for chillin' at the park, this jacket will keep you warm while keeping your style cool. happy 30th birthday dtlr! in honor of its 30th anniversary, dtlr is collaborating with timberland to create a line that is hotter than you can even image. here’s a sneak preview of the exclusive boots, but stay tuned to see the rest of the collection when it’s debuted in early november! trick or treat, check my feet in the kd vi pb&j as halloween approaches quickly, the nike kd vi’s are vanishing before our very eyes. nike boots neither rain, nor snow, nor sleet, nor hail shall keep the postmen from their appointed rounds when they strap on these kicks. nike roshe run with the red sole if you want to add a little swag to your step on the treadmill or on the sidewalk, the roshe run is the shoe for you! sale- pump up the jam with reebok's pump fury the reebok pump fury, with its exoskeleton upper and classic pump techology, has been reduced from $135 to $65. what's in your extra pocket? levi's ace cargos sale if you want to look casual chic and stay comfortable, pick up a pair of the ace cargo pants on sale at dtlr.com. jordan craig camo jacket for autumn and beyond follow your marching orders and get the jordan craig camo jacket- an update of the classic m65 field jacket. dtlr looks of the week what i'm going with this week: lathc gun smoke tee- white puma liga suede- navy/gum levi's commuter cargo pants- harvest gold new era new york yankees desert camo fitted the future is coming. and it's lebron's. the lebron xi's robotic-looking, metallic details have hit a level of swag that humans have never seen before. can you keep the nike air zoom's secret? the red hot flame on the side of nike’s new air zooms are what's making these kicks fiya. stay warm in style frostbitten ears are out this season and cozy, stylish nfl beanies are in. up, up and away these sneakers are out of this world with their black and mint green starry pattern on the outside and bright orange details that wrap around to cover the inside of the shoe. puma toori run c's if you're a person who's on your feet all day, we've found the shoes for you. the puma toori run c's are blowing off the shelves and customers are raving about their crazy comfort and sleek design. rebirth of puma puma’s new renovated designs are something to look into. whether you’re a sneakerhead, or simply looking for a good durable pair of sneakers, puma has a shoe for you. nba fall 2013 splatter snaps basketball season is back and it’s time to support your favorite team in style. just keep running all runners know how important it is to wear strong, durable sneakers with the maximum support possible. knowing that...boy do we have the pair for you: the asics gel venture 4 it's asics party time! what’s better than blasting music, closing your eyes, and moving your body until sweat drips down your neck. no, i’m not talking about dancing at a club, i’m referring to your morning run. fancy fitness footwear from asics if you aren't part of the fitness craze, it won't be long until you are. everyone is exercising...whether you're running in the park, indoor cycling, or practicing pilates...no matter who you are and where you live it's all about being exercise chic. life is better in black and white what’s black and white and fresh to death? nike’s new dt max 96. it's getting dark outside. the new el rey cross perf in black and fluorescent green is the perfect all-weather shoe to go with your get-ups for autumn, winter and beyond. nike...consistently fly, but never predictable. you can only go right with the latest nike apparel and you can only get it right here at dtlr.com #yfyl cole haan lunargrand wingtip cole haan collection cole haan lunargrand wingtip- $198 on sale for $148 cole haan lunargrand penny- $248 on sale for $150 cole haan great jones saddle- $198 on sale for $149.98 cole haan bergen wingtip- $148.00 on sale for $99.98 exclusive new era snapbacks one-of-a-kind new era snapbacks designed by dtlr! new gear by the trukload! trukfit gear on tap from dtlr.com. reebok classics shaq attaq - big shaqtus “reebok classic delivers another slam dunk colorway of shaquille o’neal’s signature shoe, the shaq attaq ‘big shaqtus’. the nike air diamond turf max '96 boomeranging back after a three year hiatus, the nike air diamond turf max '96 returns in the white/varsity red/black colorway. barkley air force max 2 building off the phenomenal success of the barkley posite, nike dips into the vault again to excavate another barkley classic. new uggs- comfy and chic keeping their classic shape and plush shearling lining, every step feels like you’re walking on clouds. nike air foamposite one thermal map the nike foamposite "thermal" is the latest from the popular foams series. nike cj81 - apparel collection muscle. big blocks and big power. the quarter mile and the 40. ugg bailey bow both cozy and stylish, the bailey bow is embellished with playful, double ribbon bows at the back. cute as an ugg button turn up the style on the ugg classic boot. with a bow on top (ugg josettes) do the classic ugg boots just not do it for you anymore? if they don’t, then we’ve got a surprise for you! trukfit collection get that trukfit at dtlr.com. grand hustle gang raglan get that t.i. style all day with the grand hustle gang raglan tee. air force ones new releases dtlr has all the air force 1's you could ever want and more. search high and low (and mid) cuts in countless amazing colorways. nike air penny v highlighter from lil penny to the og penny kicks to his all-around game, "penny" was certainly a misnomer for this valuable contributor on the court and to the sneaker culture. new puma arrivals at dtlr pounce on these pumas in new colorways. city inspiration: nyc see what the city that never sleeps, new york city, inspires us to wear. dtlr radio-dtlr community outreach universoul circus dtlr radio debuts the new dtlr community outreach division as they talk with ben johnson-the director of operations for universoul circus. reebok emmitt smith sneakers the og emmitt smiths are back and better than ever in bold colorways. new hudson gear dtlr has received a new shipment of hudson gear! nike foamposite weatherman the nike foamposite "weatherman" is the latest from the popular foams series. the yeezus tour it's been five years since we have seen kanye west perform live but dates for the yeezus tour have been announced! magna carter world tour jay z's solo tour goes on sale september 12! find out when it's going down in a town near you! grand hustle gang logo tees grand hustle gang drops new colorways of their core logo tee. 2 chainz in store cd signing 2 chainz visits the dtlr located in camp creek marketplace, east point georgia to visit fans and to sign copies of his newest studio album boats 2 #metime. a look inside the hudson clothing brand lately, hudson has been creating a big stir in the urban community with their unique style and high quality looks. new era nfl team fitted caps introduction new era nfl team fitted caps for the new season. mitchell and ness 5-panel hats mitchell & ness brings back the classic 5-panel look for their nba fall collection. nike air force 1- black,university red,white,cool grey stop the presses! check out the new nike air force 1 low in 3 different shades of grey hooked up with a university red. air max griffey 1 "safari" go on safari starting this saturday with the new air max griffey 1 release. dtlr radio interview- tamar braxton tarmar braxton gives dtlr an exclusive interview about her new album "love and war" and catches up on the braxton clan. top 10 classic nfl signature sneakers the 2013 nfl season is officially underway, and to celebrate this time of year we put together a list of our favorite nfl players signature nike sneakers. tamar braxton in store cd signing tamar's album is set to be released tuesday september 3rd 2013. reebok shaq attaq- black/blue shaq attaq is back in a new black and blue colorway. dtlr radio- tristian "mack" wilds tristian "mack" wilds, known from hit shows the wire and 90210 stops by to have a conversation with dtlr radio to discuss his acting career and his transition into a new music career. reebok "barracks" shaqnosis the new shaqnosis colorway is to pay tribute to shaquille o' neal's military background. ralph lauren polo boots collection the ralph lauren polo andres zipper is a high-top boot featuring a lace-up front with dual zip closures, a velcro strap at instep with decorative buckle and a padded collar for a secure, snug fit. nike air max hyperposite- tropical teal/ sonic yellow-blueprint he hyperposites, originally released in 2012, are best known for featuring hyperfuse and foamposite technology atop a nike air max sole. reebok question mid "#1 pick" the reebok question mid "#1 pick" honors allen iverson's status as the first pick in the legendary 1996 nba draft that spawned three future nba mvp's. dtlr radio interview- lil mo dtlr radio sits down to have a conversation with rnb diva lil mo nike cj81 calvin johnson could've brought his elite tools to any field on the planet, but he chose to give everything he had to the gridiron. camouflage trend camouflage is one of the hottest trends this season nike barkley posite max - gamma green and black the nike barkley posites are back in a brand new gamma green and black colorway nike graphic tees nike graphic tees -sweat my game -all the hype -do it twice a day -no heart no chance color- multiple colorways price- rages from $25-$32 nike air pippen nobel red white atomic red nike will be dropping their signature air pippen shoes in the newest color way, nobel red white and atomic red. new era chicago bulls dtlr exclusive mesh cap - black / red / camouflage pattern chicago has a lot going for city. what better way to represent the windy city than with the chi-town bulls mesh cap hat from new era? shaqnosis - heat red white black the shaqnosis are back in a new heat red white and black colorway honoring shaquille o’ neal’s time playing for the miami heat. nike air force 1-color pack search high and low to grab these new nike air force 1 colorways. dtlr exclusive hats released by new era recently new era has been on the ball when it comes to design. mitchell and ness exclusive snapback releases mitchell and ness exclusive snapback releases mitchell and ness brooklyn nets denim snapback cap- $26 mitchell and ness brooklyn nets summer 2013 nba snapback cap- $28 mitchell and ness okc thunder summer 2013 nba snapback cap- $28 dtlr radio interview-maino maino calls dtlr radio to give an update on what he’s been u to lately. reebok pump omni lite red/navy pack reebox pump omni lite iverson pack in philly colorways. nike lebron x low-metallic platinum black tropical teal challenge red the lebron x low sneakers are back in a new colorway dtlr radio interview-akoo head designer and creative director zack mcgee zack mcgee calls in dtlr and gives dtlr a description of what akoo is about and where it started. dtlr radio interview- david ballin, puma’s cm merchandizing manager david ballin sits down and talks with dtlr radio about the new puma releases for the back to school season. nike air diamond turf deion sanders did not just dominate the sports industry, he dominated the sneaker industry as well with the nike air diamond turf sneaker. dtlr radio- interview with kevin mccall kevin mccall sits down and converses with dtlr radio for this exclusive interview. hustle gang t.i., whose birth name is clifford harris, ceo and founder of grand hustle entertainment, has been showing his sense of style with his clothing line akoo and now more recently the newest line hustle gang vampire life jim jones has released his own clothing line called vampire life. parish nation parish nation, who’s name represents “the land and the people” are known for their unique designs inspired mainly by military, americano and athletic styles. 6th annual vendor appreciation cruise on july 18th dtlr turned 30 years old and what better way to celebrate than on a cruise ship. new era cincinnati reds hyper blue / white / volt in honor of the kd v elite hyper blue / volt / blackened blue shoes, new era has created the new era cincinnati reds fitted cap in a hyper blue, white and volt colorway. dtlr exclusive isotopes hats by new era in cyber green dtlr exclusive isotopes hats by new era history of the nike foamposite to many sneaker-heads, the nike foamposite sneaker is the highlight of any collection. nike lebron zoom solider vii pure platinum / wolf grey / sonic yellow h design and lightweight material make this performance shoe not only easy to move in, but breathable as well. the nike lebron zoom soldier vii features hyperfuse technology which keeps the shoe light in weight this improves performance nike air max lebron x low sonic yellow sail / cool grey / tour yellow the lebron x low sneaker brings the best of both worlds when it comes to fashion and performance. nike kd v elite home white yellow / photo blue kd sneakers have a well-known reputation for performance, which doesn’t seem to disappoint. nike- wolf grey midnight navy tropical teal nike- wolf grey midnight navy tropical teal release date- july 3rd style code- 488298-039 price- $100 nike air force 1 history in the year 1982 the sneaker world was changed forever. it’s the nike laboratory and bruce kilgore had just finished the design for the air force 1 sneaker. nike air pippen midnight navy / sonic yellow / tropical teal the shoe created for the iconic chicago bulls player scotty pippen are back with one of the best colorways i have ever seened. new era chicago white sox exclusive white purple / powder blue / grape introducing the very limited chicago white sox grape edition. nike- wolf grey midnight navy tropical teal nike- wolf grey midnight navy tropical teal release date- july 3rd style code- 488298-039 price- $100 new era phoenix suns dtlr exclusive orange / purple / camouflage the state of arizona definitely chose a fitting name for their nba team, the suns. cole haan great jones saddle we at dtlr decided to stray out of the locker room and take a classy approach with the cole haan great jones saddle shoes. nike zoom hyper franchise xd photo blue / stadium yellow and sport turquoise / black we at dtlr think you should time to appreciate the nike zoom hyperfranchise xd. it’s an interesting pick, but interesting doesn’t always mean bad. nike air max 2013 fire engine red with 360 air out soles nike air max 2013 is straight out of every athlete’s dream. nike air max 95 dyn fw royal blue and orange for our readers from new york city, we have a special blog for you today! nike sky high dunks mesh black and white who says kicks can't be classy? new era exclusive orioles black / orange mesh cap this new era exclusive hat proves that even dark colors can be the in thing in the hot summer weather. new era fort meyers miracle dtlr exclusive hat fuchsia pink / ocean blue no matter how you feel about minor league baseball, one thing is certain... their team hats are awesome! nike barkley max gama blue / silver / black nike has fused their iconic barkley shoes with their foamposite technology to create the nike barkley posite max. nike kd kids pool party nike kd kids pool party is the perfect summer release. nike rosche run squadron blue/fiberglass-sport turquoise when it comes to performance these shoes are at the top of its class nike kd v elite hyper blue / volt blackened blue anyone who never was a kd type of person might change their mind. the kds are some of the most comfortable performance shoes dtlr has had the pleasure to have on thier shelves. nike lebron p.s. elite - superhero navy the nike lebron x ps elite commemorates the tenth anniversary of the lebron/nike collaboration by enhancing the now-iconic x with kevlar® aramid, carbon fiber and articulated foam. nike air max 95 photo blue / wolf gray lets take a minute to go back in time. the year is 1995 and nike has just released the air max 95, which is the first sneaker to have the air bubble not only in the back of the sneaker, but also in the front of it as well. new era custom nebula edition albuquerque isotopes snapback new era has really outdone themselves this time. this new era cap is unique and that’s to say the least. nike free trainer 5.0- volt green hyper blue nike releases its newest edition to its running collection baltimore adidas style lounge adidas turns the dtlr in baltimore into an exclusive style lounge new era washington nationals blue / yellow new era has come out with the new era classic style to the washington nationals cap but with the unique royal blue and yellow colorway. nike kd v melon / birch / photo blue / sail-team orange the grey base rests on top of a melon colored sole and the birch blue swoosh and matching laces compliments both colors nicely as well. like the other kds these are performances shoes to the fullest…just these specific ones come with a little bit more flavor to them. nike lebron x home white / red / black inspired by the miami heat, the lebron x red white black aka lebron x home brings the spirit of the home court to your sneaker collection. nike kd v black and poison green take precaution when stepping into the nike kd black and poison green colorways. the bright colors on a black base shoe works great on this style of sneaker. the reebok kamikaze ii the reebok kamikaze ii is a re-issue of the classic shoe worn by shawn kemp and its one of the hottest re-releases in reebok history. new era miami heat dtlr exclusive teal / orange this new era miami snapback represents the miami beach scene to the fullest. nike kd v sport grey / violet force strata grey / bright crimson-electric green out of all the kds we've seen these are our absolute favorites. performance wise all kds are above the highest of standards. but these are somthing special. t.i album signing at dtlr rapper, actor, fashion designer t.i celebrates the release of his 8th studio album, trouble man: heavy is the head with an exclusive album signing with dtlr. t.i’s trouble man: heavy is the head listening party at ultrabar t.i is celebrating the release of his 8th studio album with a release party at the ultrabar. nike air max 90 og pack featuring the nike air max 90 and nike air max 91 what better way to pay tribute to the 90’s than to feature not only the air max 90s but also the air max 91s in an exclusive pack! nike air penny zoom rookie red the nike air penny zoom rookie reds hit the highest points when it comes to fashion. bet hip hop awards style lounge bet will be turning specific dtlr locations into some of the hottest lounges around. trey songz album signing at dtlr trey songz celebrated the release of his 5th studio album “chapter 5” with a meet and greet album signing at dtlr. jordan rise above feat. carmelo anthony in store event carmelo anthony visited dtlr to talk to kids and other fans about the new jordan project rise above, which is an in-depth look at what it takes to rise above adversity back to top + about dtlr © 2013 dtlr inc. store info contact us track your order shipping and return policy privacy policy terms faq company info about events employees careers music sponsorship request community resource store finder social media facebook twitter youtube instagram sign up submit