来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181229130135/https://www.dtlr.com/faq/
================================================================================

faq javascript seems to be disabled in your browser. for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. frequently asked questions our customer service team is available monday-friday from 8 am - 8 pm (est) and saturday from 9 am - 2 pm (est). we are closed for new year’s day, memorial day, independence day, labor day, thanksgiving day and christmas day. contact us: [email protected] 844-788-4552 monday - friday 8 am - 8 pm (est)saturday 9 am - 2 pm (est) martin luther king day closed ordering: for faster processing time and to ensure you get your order when expected, please place your order through paypal. there is even a guest checkout you can use if you do not have a paypal account. if you do not pay with paypal, there is a possibility that your order could be placed in review which will delay your shipping time or your order could be rejected by the fraud detection team. if your order is rejected, your pending funds will drop back onto your card within 1-5 business days. note: if you are purchasing a new release or another limited item which may get sold out, you will want to pay through paypal so you do not lose your item. why didn’t i receive my confirmation email? if you haven’t received your confirmation email, please check your junk/ spam folder. you may also call or email us to confirm that you provided the correct email address for your order. how do i cancel my dtlr villa order? dtlr villa allows a 30 minute window to cancel your order from the time it was placed. if your order was placed within the 30 minute window please call customer service during normal business hours. if your order was placed outside of our normal business or if you want to cancel after the 30 minute window you must contact customer service during normal business hours and we will be happy to help you set up a return authorization. which forms of payment can i use? we accept the following: all visa and mastercard logo debit cards visa, mastercard, american express, and discover credit cards paypal for faster processing time and to ensure you get your order when expected, please place your order through paypal. there is even a guest checkout you can use if you do not have a paypal account. if you do not pay with paypal, there is a possibility that your order could be placed in review which will delay your shipping time or your order could be rejected by the fraud detection team. if your order is rejected, your pending funds will drop back onto your card within 1-5 business days. we apologize, at this time we cannot accept international credit cards for payment on dtlr.com or ruvilla.com. please note that only one form of payment is allowed per order. can i make a change to my order after i get the order confirmation? dtlr villa allows a 30 minute window to make changes to your order from when it was placed. if your order was placed within the 30 minute window please call customer service during normal business hours. unfortunately after the 30 minute window we are unable to make changes to your order and you must contact customer service to process a return authorization. what if there is an issue with my order? our customer service representatives may contact you to confirm your order if there are any questions or concerns with your order. we will make 2 attempts in a 3 day period to confirm your order. if we do not receive a call or email from you or are unable to confirm your order within the 3 day period, your order will be cancelled. price adjustments dtlr villa will provide a price adjustment if the price was lowered within 10 days of the purchase. bulk ordering: we welcome bulk buyers, but need to ensure the shipping fees incurred for larger orders are sufficient for larger shipment size. we define bulk orders as: any order with 10 units or more any orders from the same ship to, bill to, customer name or customer email of 10 units or greater over a 24 hour period *some promotions may not apply to bulk orders *affiliate offers (such as cash back) are not applicable to bulk orders. for these orders the shipping fees displayed in checkout may not apply, and customer service will contact you to discuss a final shipping fee. this final shipping fee will need to be paid via paypal before your order will be processed and shipped. thank you for your understanding, and for your orders! shipping: holiday shipping cutoffs: cutoff times for guaranteed shipping for 12/25 (packages will be delivered on 12/24 at the latest). 12/14 order with ups ground by this date. 12/19 order with ups 2-day by 12pm est by this date. 12/20 order with ups next day by 12pm est by this date. all my items didn't ship, and i received a partial refund dtlr villa strives to fill all orders 100%. if dtlr villa can’t fulfill your entire order we will refund you for the items that have not shipped. paypal orders will be refunded to your paypal account. credit card orders will be refunded back to your card. how much do you charge for shipping? shipping and handling charges depend on the shipping method you choose. your shopping cart will display all of your shipping options and costs from usps to overnight. see above for bulk order shipping fees. we frequently offer free shipping and the order value threshold may vary. free shipping is only available to the 48 contiguous states. for hawaii and alaska air shipping rates will apply. free shipping orders can only be shipped to one address clearance items do not qualify for free shipping. if the clearance item shares the cart with a non clearance item the order will ship for free. how do you handle missing packages? please note, dtlr.com and ruvilla.com are not responsible for lost, missing or stolen packages once the courier has picked up the package from our facility and is in route. dtlr villa customer service will assist you in filing a claim with the courier. i just placed an order. how long before it will be shipped? orders are shipped via usps or ups depending on the shipping option that was picked. we ship monday through friday from our warehouse in pennsylvania and we do our best to process orders within 2 business days of ordering. we do reserve the right to hold and confirm an order if we believe there is indication of inaccurate information. typical shipping times for basic ups shipping ranges from 2 to 5 business days while usps will take 4 to 8 business days. ups 2-day will take 3 business days and ups next day will take 2 business days. not every shipping option is available for every destination. we do ship to hawaii and alaska however air shipping rates will apply. how do i check the status of my order? you can check the status of you order by logging into your account. if you have any questions about your order you can contact customer service at [email protected] or call us at 844-788-4552 during our normal business hours. can i have my order shipped outside of the united states? at this time the only region we ship outside of the us is puerto rico. the options are international economy (5-10 business days) at a rate of $25 or international express (2-3 business days) at a rate of $37. does dtlr villa ship to p.o. boxes? yes, dtlr villa ships to p.o. boxes if the order is under $125 and shipped via economy (shortpost). does dtlr villa ship to apo/fpo? to ship to an apo / fpo address you must checkout out and pay with paypal. apo / fpo addresses cannot be entered in dtlr villa's checkout page directly, but if entered via the paypal checkout process the order will ship economy. what is the require signature shipping method? in order to ensure that our valued customers receive their packages intact, we recommend selecting the "ups require signature" option. all packages shipped via this method are automatically insured up to $100 per package through the courier some exceptions apply. this method requires a signature from an adult (18 or older) upon delivery. please note dtlr villa is not responsible for lost or stolen packages or missing items if the customer does not select this option. in the event a customer does not elect to use a require signature option, dtlr villa customer service will assist you in filing a claim with the courier when necessary. ship to store choose the "ship to store" option and pick a store destination to have your order shipped ground for free to a dtlr villa location. you will be notified when your items arrive and they will be held for you to pickup. ship to store orders must be picked up within 21 days upon store delivery. when your order is ready for pickup you will receive an email with your pickup pin. it is required to show both your photo id and pin to receive your online purchased order in store. returns: dtlr villa will only accept returns for items in an 'as good as new' condition. this means the items must be shipped back to us either exactly as you received them, or with only the amount of wear that would occur from trying the items on in one of our stores. this means items must come with all original undamaged packaging, labels and tags must still be attached. if the original packaging is damaged, you will be assessed a 15% restock charge. there must be no signs of dirt, stains, scuffs, or anything that indicates the products were worn outside of just trying them on. if you have questions or concerns about your item's condition, we will gladly help you out. in-store return policies identification required for all purchases made with a magnetic stripe credit card (valid driver's license, state issued id, military id). we do not accept credit cards when the magnetic stripe does not work. no cash refunds. (exchange or dtlr gift card only.) merchandise paid with a debit card will be issued a dtlr gift card (original receipt must be present). merchandise paid with a credit card will be issued a dtlr gift card or returned to the credit card (original receipt and original credit card must be present). no exchanges/returns without a valid store receipt. exchanges/returns will not be honored after 30 days from purchase. worn or defective merchandise is accepted at the discretion of store management. all ticket, dvd, and cd sales are final. dtlr gift cards can only be purchased with cash or debit. product may not be purchased for resale. online return policies online returns must be processed within 30 days of the receipt. all items being returned must be placed into a box to be returned back to dtlr villa. if you purchase footwear the shoe box must go into another box and the shipping labels must go on the outside of the box. if i need to return an item do i need to pay postage? yes, you are responsible for shipping charges back to our facility. how do i exchange a product? dtlr villa does not offer exchanges online. you must contact customer service to issue a return authorization and place a new order for the correct item. you can exchange an item in any of our dtlr villa stores if we have the product in stock. if i buy an item online can i return it to one of the dtlr villa retail stores? at this time items purchased online cannot be exchanged in any dtlr villa locations. what if i have a damaged item or something different from what i ordered? if you received the wrong product, or if it arrives defective or damaged in transit, please contact customer service within 5 days of receipt so we can resolve the problem. in these rare cases, we will cover return shipping. we will reship the item if available or refund you in full. can i buy something in the store and return it online? unfortunately no not at this time. all store purchases can only be returned to any dtlr villa store. marketing: how does your ticket procedure work for release product? tickets for certain release product are given out in dtlr villa store locations. if you’re interested in purchasing a new release visit your local dtlr villa store for a ticket which will provide you with a time slot during which you can make your purchase. i just wanted to know when a certain product will release or launch. for information on new releases and launches please see our release calendar. you can also follow dtlr villa on facebook, instagram, and twitter or contact your local dtlr villa store location. how do i find out about specials, events, promotions and discounts? please follow dtlr villa on facebook, instagram, and twitter to be notified about special events, promotions, and discounts. customers who provide their email address or set up an account will also receive information by email. additionally, customers can sign up for text messaging notifications. text villa to 40558 and join the movement. by texting 40558, you agree to subscribe to dtlr villa's mobile marketing alerts via automated technology and agree to the mobile terms and conditions. messages will be sent to the mobile number used at opt-in. consent is not a condition of purchase. you will receive up to 12 msg/mo. text stop to stop and help for help. message & data rates may apply. why isn't my promotion code working? please refer to specific exclusions for specific promotion codes. release items are generally excluded from all promotions for a 30-day period of time after the release date. this includes promotions with affiliate partners for cash back rebates and earning points. in addition, our promotions often exclude clearance items. can i save items in my shopping cart and buy them later? yes, all items added to your shopping cart will be automatically saved. however, all items are sold on a first come, first serve basis and an item’s availability and pricing are subject to change. this means that items added to your shopping cart may not be available at a later time. the only way to ensure the item is available is to order immediately. why does dtlr villa ask for my email address; and why should i register? as a registered customer, you can check the status of your order at any time. we will also save your information for faster check out on future orders. please note that credit card information will not be saved. we will also send any notifications such as order confirmations and shipping confirmations by email. in addition you will receive emails regarding product releases, promotions, and special events. online gift cards: please allow up to 48 hours for online gift cards to be redeemable online or in-store. dtlr villa your shopping cart • go to checkout view cart () subtotal: welcome search search villa homepage pickup in store with free ship-to-store* free shipping on all orders! exclusions apply.* customer account login existing customer email password login forgot your password? new customer first visit? click register below tosign up for a new account register menfootwearnewbasketballbootscasualretrorunningslidestennistrainingappareljerseysouterwear & jacketspantsshortssweatshirts & hoodiestees & topsunderwearaccessoriesnewbagsbeltshatsshoe maintenancesockswomenfootwearnewbasketballrunningslidestennistrainingapparelnewdresses & skirtsouterwear & jacketspantsshortssweatshirts & hoodiestees & topstights & leggingsaccessoriessockskidsboys footwearnewbasketballbootscasualrunninggirls footwearnewbasketballbootscasualrunningapparelnewboys socks & underwearage groupgrade schoolpre-schooltoddler & infantbrandsjordanretrojordan 1jordan 3jordan 5jordan 6jordan 8jordan 9jordan 10jordan 11jordan 12jordan 13jordan 14menwomenkidsfootwearapparelaccessoriesnikemenwomenkidsfootwearapparelaccessoriesadidasmenwomenkidsfootwearapparelaccessorieschampionconversecrepethikafilalacostelevismitchell and nessnew balancenew erapink dolphinpumareebokstancestaplethe north facetimberlandmenkids6 inchfield bootsvansmenkidssalemenfootwearapparelaccessorieswomenfootwearapparelaccessorieskidsboys footweargirls footwearclearancemenfootwearapparelaccessorieswomenfootwearapparelaccessoriesboysfootweargirlsfootwear jordan nike adidas releases store locator contact us the lifestyle blogthe lifestyle the lifestyle blog (opens a new window) winter clearance | savings up to 50% off read the blog get 10% off! join our newsletter for updates on new arrivals, restocks, exclusive offers and eventsand receive a 10% off coupon. email address zip join now my account register login shopping cart customer support customer service return policy shipping policy find us contact us store locator the lifestyle blogdtlr villa the lifestyle blog (opens a new window) about dtlr villa careers better together affiliate program trendsetter dtlr villa blog (opens a new window) villa instagram (opens a new window) villa twitter (opens a new window) villa snapchat (opens a new window) villa youtube (opens a new window) villa facebook (opens a new window) copyright © 2014 - 2019 dtlr, inc, all rights reserved privacy policy terms and conditions