来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201223032726/https://www.dtlr.com/pages/trendsetter
================================================================================

trendsetter – dtlr skip to content free shipping on orders over $25 | exclusions apply* buy now, pay later with affirm never miss a drop | text 40558 to dtlr sign in store locations track an order men view all featured view all new arrivals black friday deals holiday gift guide up to 50% off footwear odd sox only $7 footwear view all basketball boots retro running slides tennis training apparel view all outerwear & jackets pants shorts sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops underwear accessories view all bags belts face masks hats shoe maintenance socks women view all footwear view all basketball boots running slides tennis apparel view all dresses & skirts outerwear & jackets pants shorts sports bras sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops tights & leggings accessories view all face masks kids view all boys footwear view all basketball boots retro running tennis girls footwear view all basketball boots retro running age group view all grade school pre-school toddler & infant brands view all featured brands view all nike jordan adidas puma champion ethika fila new balance odd sox pink dolphin reebok the north face timberland ugg vans view all jordan nike adidas sale view all men view all footwear apparel accessories women view all footwear apparel accessories kids view all boys footwear girl footwear boys apparel girls apparel clearance view all men women boys girls releases contact us the lifestyle blog free shipping on orders over $25 | exclusions apply* buy now, pay later with affirm never miss a drop | text 40558 to dtlr men new arrivals black friday deals holiday gift guide up to 50% off footwear odd sox only $7 shop all footwear basketball boots retro running slides tennis training apparel outerwear & jackets pants shorts sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops underwear accessories bags belts face masks hats shoe maintenance socks women footwear basketball boots running slides tennis apparel dresses & skirts outerwear & jackets pants shorts sports bras sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops tights & leggings accessories face masks kids boys footwear basketball boots retro running tennis girls footwear basketball boots retro running age group grade school pre-school toddler & infant brands featured brands nike jordan adidas puma champion ethika fila new balance odd sox pink dolphin reebok the north face timberland ugg vans view all jordan nike adidas sale men footwear apparel accessories women footwear apparel accessories kids boys footwear girl footwear boys apparel girls apparel clearance men women boys girls releases 0 sign in login login for quick checkout email password forgot password? login we're upgrading security policies and have sent you a password reset link to your email. don't have an account? sign up now! track an order 0 men new arrivals black friday deals holiday gift guide up to 50% off footwear odd sox only $7 shop all footwear basketball boots retro running slides tennis training apparel outerwear & jackets pants shorts sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops underwear accessories bags belts face masks hats shoe maintenance socks women footwear basketball boots running slides tennis apparel dresses & skirts outerwear & jackets pants shorts sports bras sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops tights & leggings accessories face masks kids boys footwear basketball boots retro running tennis girls footwear basketball boots retro running age group grade school pre-school toddler & infant brands featured brands nike jordan adidas puma champion ethika fila new balance odd sox pink dolphin reebok the north face timberland ugg vans view all jordan nike adidas sale men footwear apparel accessories women footwear apparel accessories kids boys footwear girl footwear boys apparel girls apparel clearance men women boys girls releases sign in login login for quick checkout email password forgot password? login we're upgrading security policies and have sent you a password reset link to your email. don't have an account? sign up now! track an order 0 search black friday sale | shop now 0 trendsetter terms & conditions the dtlr villa trendsetter rewards program is sponsored by dtlr villa, inc. trendsetter rewards is a free, points-based customer loyalty program valid in the us only. members earn rewards based on points accumulated from qualifying dtlr villa purchases. rewards are valid for dollars off any qualified purchase at us dtlr villa stores only. dtlr villa trendsetter rewards, dtlr villa inc. logo and taglines are the intellectual property of dtlr villa, inc. right to amend dtlr villa reserves the right to amend or modify the trendsetter rewards program and program rules at any time and in any way at its sole discretion. if dtlr villa amends or modifies the trendsetter rewards program, notice of such amendment or modification will be provided at www.dtlr.com/trendsetter and may also include email to members. dtlr villa may terminate the trendsetter rewards program at any time, which may result in loss of accumulated points and rewards and cancellation of all benefits and privileges associated with the program. dtlr villa will give members advance notice if the program is discontinued. the trendsetter rewards program is void where prohibited by law. eligibility trendsetter rewards is an individual-oriented program. membership in the program is limited to individuals only and one account per individual. the trendsetter rewards program is open to individuals who are at least 13 years of age, are u.s. residents and who provide and maintain a valid e-mail address. persons under the age of 18 (minors) must obtain their parents' or legal guardians' consent prior to participation. corporations, associations, commercial customers and others purchasing items that are deemed as “bulk buying” or for resale are not eligible for membership. dtlr villa employees are not eligible for membership. membership eligibility is subject to applicable law. enrollment customers may enroll in the trendsetter rewards program at any participating us dtlr villa store locations only. to enroll in the program, customers must provide their first name, last name, email address, phone number and date of birth. upon enrolling, members will be assigned a trendsetter rewards account and a key fob with your account number. communication members can obtain information about the program, their account activity, and change their profile preferences and contact information by contacting customer service by email at trendsetter@dtlr.com or by phone at 1-877-669-2610. communications about the program, including any changes, point summaries, special promotional materials, and rewards will be sent to the email address provided by the member. dtlr villa assumes no responsibility for and is not liable for any unauthorized access by third parties to a member's account and/or account information. by enrolling in the trendsetter rewards program, members agree to receive transactional emails and/or text messages, as well as advertising, promotional offers, marketing materials and other communication updates from dtlr villa unless expressly disallowed as a profile preference. members may unsubscribe from dtlr villa promotional emails and text messages at any time via the unsubscribe link in those emails and stop, via text messages. members will continue to receive rewards and program-related messages via email and/or text unless they contact customer service to cancel their membership. members are solely responsible for maintaining accurate and updated personal information regarding their trendsetter account. member privacy the information members provide will be handled according to dtlr villa privacy policy. if a member is interested in learning more about dtlr villa privacy practices, please refer to our privacy policy. membership trendsetter membership benefits: earn 1 point for every $1.00 spent on qualifying purchases for every 500 points earned, receive a $25 reward member-only promotions and events bonus point wednesday’s (earn 1.5 points for every $1.00 spent on eligible purchases every wednesday; subject to limitations) updates on new arrivals, special events, promotions and special offers dtlr villa return policy: click here for complete return policy terms and conditions. participation / ownership points and/or rewards are not transferable, have no cash value, may not be purchased and are not redeemable for cash under any circumstances except as required by law. points and/or rewards may not be combined among members or conveyed by any means to anyone, including through a member's estate, and may not pass to a member's successors. dtlr villa accrued points and/or rewards do not constitute property of the member. dtlr villa accrued points and/or rewards are not transferable by the member upon death, as part of a domestic relations matter, or otherwise. points and other benefits of the program may be taxable where required by law. any membership key fob is the property of dtlr villa and must be surrendered upon request. membership rules are void to the extent where prohibited by law. a member may cancel their membership at any time by contacting customer service at 1-877-669-2610 or send email to trendsetter@dtlr.com. cancellation may take 10 business days to finalize. upon cancellation, membership will be inactivated. dtlr villa, at its sole discretion, has the right to terminate an individual membership and close a member's trendsetter rewards account at any time and for any reason, including violating these terms and conditions or any conduct detrimental to dtlr villa or otherwise not within the spirit of the program. in the event of a member's account being terminated, the member forfeits any balance of accumulated points, rewards or any other account value. dtlr villa reserves the right to make bonus points and other promotional offers available to select members based on purchase activity, geographic location, program participation, and/or information supplied by the member. dtlr villa reserves the right to add, withdraw, amend, or otherwise change bonus opportunities at any time at its sole discretion. any account with no qualifying purchases for a period of 6 months or more will be deemed inactive and the account may be closed or members points balance will be expired and all points will be forfeited at dtlr villa's discretion. purchases and account accrual, as reflected in dtlr villa's records, shall be deemed correct. dtlr villa reserves the right to determine the amount of rewards to be awarded to a member based on dtlr villa's internal records related to a member's account. in the event of an inconsistency between the amount accrued in a member's account as stated on any member's receipt or online and dtlr villa's internal records, dtlr villa's internal records will control. dtlr villa reserves the right to make corrections at any time, in its sole discretion, in the calculation of the award of points or rewards. earning points members earn 1 point for every $1.00 spent on qualifying purchases. qualifying purchases are defined as the purchase amount of any in-store dtlr villa merchandise excluding sales tax, state fees, shipping charges, delivery charges, discounts, redemption of reward certificates and redemption of gift cards, fees or other excluded charge. program points are not awarded upon purchase of dtlr villa gift cards. points issued are based on the total qualifying purchase and rounded to the nearest $1 increment. for example, $10.49 earns 10 points, where $10.50 earns 11 points. starting april 1, 2020, trendsetters will be able to earn points with online purchases. member must have a valid email address assigned to trendsetter profile in order to accrue points from online purchases. no online purchases made prior to april 1, 2020 will be able to be added to your profile.to update your trendsetter profile, please send trendsetter customer id # found on key fob, first name, last name, email address, phone number, gender, zip code to trendsetter@dtlr.com so we can update your profile. please provide information given during enrollment so we can locate the proper profile. points for qualified purchases will post to the members' account within 72 hours of the qualifying purchase. points will be credited only to the account of the trendsetter rewards member who makes the qualifying purchases. points are not transferable or combinable with other accounts. points issued are valid for 6 months from the date of purchase. a member's points do not expire so long as the member makes at least 1 qualifying purchase every 6 months. if the member has no qualifying purchase within 6 months, all accumulated points will expire and be forfeited. each qualifying purchase automatically extends the expiration date of all unused points in a member's account for 6 months from the date of the qualifying purchase. points earned from activities other than qualifying purchases do not extend the expiration date of points. points are only awarded on transactions where a trendsetter rewards account is identified at the time of purchase. we are unable to retroactively issue points for a purchase where an account was not identified. points cannot be accumulated on purchases made prior to membership. all points and subsequent rewards must be earned and used according to the terms and conditions of the program. points have no cash value and are non-transferable or exchangeable unless specifically authorized by dtlr villa. as a trendsetter it is your responsibility to notify the cashier that you are a “trendsetter member” and to present your trendsetter program key fob (provided during enrollment) at the time of purchase. if you do not have the key fob in your possession, it is your responsibility to provide the phone number or email address that was assigned to you loyalty profile during enrollment. this will allow the cashier to locate your trendsetter loyalty profile. this must be completed during the transaction to ensure your profile receives credit for the transaction and earns rewards. dtlr will not accept/respond to phone calls or emails to add missing transactions to customer profiles. rewards rewards are valid towards the purchase of any dtlr villa merchandise available in us stores only (not valid with online purchases). for every 500 points earned, members are eligible to receive a $25 reward, redeemable as a discount off the future purchase of any dtlr villa merchandise. rewards are calculated daily. the value of the reward will be in increments of $25 based on total points redeemed. all rewards will be calculated and issued by dtlr villa. rewards can be redeemed at the point of sale during your next purchase after earning the reward. points will automatically be subtracted from the member's point balance upon issuance/redemption of a reward. any remaining balance of accrued points will be reflected in the member's point balance. current points balance will be shown on your receipt. you can also email trendsetter@dtlr.com or call 877-669-2610 to get your points total. rewards are not transferable and may only be used by the member to whom issued. reward certificates are not valid on prior purchases, certain products and services or purchase of dtlr villa gift cards. other restrictions may apply. to redeem rewards in store, members must present there key fob, or give store employee the phone number or email address attached to profile prior to purchase. at this point, if any rewards are available, you will be able to apply them to purchase. up to $200 dollars of rewards may be applied within a single transaction. once you redeem a reward, you lose the reward. if you return an item that was purchased with a reward, you will be credited the difference that you paid of the total transaction. if you paid the difference using cash, the difference will be given to you via gift card. if you the difference was paid by credit card, your card will be credited. if you redeemed a reward in which there was no balance, you can either exchange for same total price of item or receive a gift card for the difference of the original transaction (minus the reward). rewards are not combinable or cannot be used in conjunction with any other dtlr villa promotional or coupon. rewards must be fully used within a single transaction; any unused balance will be forfeited. rewards are non-transferable or exchangeable unless specifically authorized by dtlr villa. rewards have no cash value and are not redeemable for cash and no change/currency will be given for any unused portion of a rewards. rewards are void if sold, purchased, bartered or exchanged for cash or other consideration or if received or used in violation of these program terms and conditions. rewards will expire 90 days from the date of issue. rewards must be used before the expiration date indicated on the certificate or the reward will be forfeited. dtlr villa will not be responsible for a failure of any program member to receive his or her reward in the event the member has failed to update his or her e-mail address. returns points earned on purchased items that are later returned will be deducted from a member's account. when a member returns products, points previously posted to a member's account for that purchase will be deducted from the member's account equal to the amount of points earned for that purchase. should a return create a negative balance in a members account, points earned and posted to the account will be applied to the negative balance until the account balance reaches zero. then, points resume to accumulating for future rewards. in the event that a member returns merchandise that was partially or wholly paid for with a reward(s), the reward (s) used in connection with such a purchase shall not be reissued and no points representing such reward (s) shall be reissued to such member's account. the member will not receive the value of the reward(s) because it has no cash value. promotions from time to time, members may be eligible for sweepstakes, contests or other similar promotions. participation in such events shall be subject to the terms, conditions, and rules published at the time of such event and applicable state laws. view trendsetter points you can check your trendsetter points balance by visiting https://www.dtlr.com/pages/trendsetter-view get on the list sign up for the latest on releases, promotions, events and more. email address zip join sign up to get text alerts contact us 844-788-4552 custserv@dtlr.com company better together community trendsetters careers affiliate program covid-19 update customer service customer support faq contact us store locations gift card balance orders and returns track an order return policy shipping information privacy policy | terms and conditions | accessibility | ©2020 dtlr, inc close never miss a drop hate waiting for an email? get the heads up on releases, sales, events and more directly to your phone. this is the fastest way to be alerted so you never miss a drop. text dtlr to 40558 confirm your sign up for $10 off your next order* *offer valid on purchases of $50 or more. reply with email to receive offer. by opting in, you consent to receive autodialed messages to the number used at opt-in. msg frequency may vary. message and data rates may apply. reply help for help or stop to opt out. use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device choosing a selection results in a full page refresh press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection 0 item(s) in your cart you have no items in your shopping cart. qty: size: − + remove subtotal: $0.00 shipping & tax applied at checkout shipping information checkout view cart