来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20201223032726/https://www.dtlr.com/pages/privacy-policy/
================================================================================

privacy policy – dtlr skip to content free shipping on orders over $25 | exclusions apply* buy now, pay later with affirm never miss a drop | text 40558 to dtlr sign in store locations track an order men view all featured view all new arrivals holiday gift guide up to 50% off footwear odd sox only $7 footwear view all basketball boots retro running slides tennis training apparel view all outerwear & jackets pants shorts sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops underwear accessories view all bags belts face masks hats shoe maintenance socks women view all featured view all new arrivals holiday gift guide up to 50% off footwear apparel up to 50% off footwear view all basketball boots running slides tennis apparel view all dresses & skirts outerwear & jackets pants shorts sports bras sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops tights & leggings accessories view all face masks kids view all featured view all gifts for boys gifts for girls up to 50% off footwear air max collection seasonal ugg boots boys footwear view all basketball boots retro running tennis girls footwear view all basketball boots retro running age group view all grade school pre-school toddler & infant brands view all featured brands view all nike jordan adidas puma champion ethika fila new balance odd sox pink dolphin reebok the north face timberland ugg vans view all jordan nike adidas sale view all men view all footwear apparel accessories women view all footwear apparel accessories kids view all boys footwear girl footwear boys apparel girls apparel clearance view all men women boys girls releases contact us the lifestyle blog free shipping on orders over $25 | exclusions apply* buy now, pay later with affirm never miss a drop | text 40558 to dtlr men new arrivals holiday gift guide up to 50% off footwear odd sox only $7 shop all footwear basketball boots retro running slides tennis training apparel outerwear & jackets pants shorts sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops underwear accessories bags belts face masks hats shoe maintenance socks women new arrivals holiday gift guide up to 50% off footwear apparel up to 50% off shop all footwear basketball boots running slides tennis apparel dresses & skirts outerwear & jackets pants shorts sports bras sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops tights & leggings accessories face masks kids gifts for boys gifts for girls up to 50% off footwear air max collection seasonal ugg boots shop all boys footwear basketball boots retro running tennis girls footwear basketball boots retro running age group grade school pre-school toddler & infant brands featured brands nike jordan adidas puma champion ethika fila new balance odd sox pink dolphin reebok the north face timberland ugg vans view all jordan nike adidas sale men footwear apparel accessories women footwear apparel accessories kids boys footwear girl footwear boys apparel girls apparel clearance men women boys girls releases 0 sign in login login for quick checkout email password forgot password? login we're upgrading security policies and have sent you a password reset link to your email. don't have an account? sign up now! track an order 0 men new arrivals holiday gift guide up to 50% off footwear odd sox only $7 shop all footwear basketball boots retro running slides tennis training apparel outerwear & jackets pants shorts sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops underwear accessories bags belts face masks hats shoe maintenance socks women new arrivals holiday gift guide up to 50% off footwear apparel up to 50% off shop all footwear basketball boots running slides tennis apparel dresses & skirts outerwear & jackets pants shorts sports bras sweatshirts & hoodies tees & tops tights & leggings accessories face masks kids gifts for boys gifts for girls up to 50% off footwear air max collection seasonal ugg boots shop all boys footwear basketball boots retro running tennis girls footwear basketball boots retro running age group grade school pre-school toddler & infant brands featured brands nike jordan adidas puma champion ethika fila new balance odd sox pink dolphin reebok the north face timberland ugg vans view all jordan nike adidas sale men footwear apparel accessories women footwear apparel accessories kids boys footwear girl footwear boys apparel girls apparel clearance men women boys girls releases sign in login login for quick checkout email password forgot password? login we're upgrading security policies and have sent you a password reset link to your email. don't have an account? sign up now! track an order 0 search yeezy boost 350 v2 "core black" raffle | enter now 0 privacy policy our commitment to privacy at dtlr villa, we value our customers and respect your privacy. we collect information about you in our stores and through our websites in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services, contests and promotions. as described in this policy, we may share your information under certain circumstances, with third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular product or service. this policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it with third parties. our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information. if our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website. you can tell if the policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears above. you may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your information consistent with this policy at any time. if you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us as described in the section entitled, "how do i contact you?", below. what kind of information does dtlr villa collect? we may collect personal information from you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card number, gender, birthday, personal interests, etc., when you visit one of our websites or stores, place an order online or by phone, make an in-store purchase, save your information with us online, contact us with a question or concern, or participate in a contest, promotion, or survey. we maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone and in our stores. how does dtlr villa use my information? we may use your personal information in the following ways: to process and fulfill your order, including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment to communicate with you and to send you information by email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means about our products, services, contests, and promotions, unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications to administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions to help us learn more about your shopping preferences to help us address problems with and improve our site design, products and services to enhance your shopping experience to analyze trends and statistics to protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business to contact you if necessary you always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls. for instructions on opting out, please see the section entitled, "how do i make choices about receiving promotional communications?", below. does dtlr villa share my information? we may share your personal information in the following ways: we may share your information with our service providers who manage our customer information and perform services on our behalf, such as fulfilling promotions, sending communications to our customers, conducting surveys, etc. we do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information. we may share your information when we team up with another company to offer or provide products, services, contests, or promotions to our customers. we may share information about you if necessary, in our good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations or in response to a valid subpoena, order, or government request, or to protect the rights of dtlr villa or others. in the unlikely event of a sale or merger of dtlr villa, our customers' personal information and other information we have collected as described in this policy may be among the transferred business assets. how do i access or change my information? you can review and change certain personal information related to your use of our online sites (such as your name and contact information). to access your information at dtlr villa's website, simply sign in to your account using your email address and password, and you will be able to edit your personal information in your account profile. you can also ask us to update your personal information by contacting us as described in the section entitled, "how do i contact you?", below. please note that any request to update your personal information may take up to 10 days for your email request and 6-8 weeks for your postal mail request. how do i make choices about receiving promotional communications? dtlr villa wants to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. if you prefer not to receive promotional information, such as information about special offers and sales events, you can let us know by contacting our customer service as described in the section entitled, "how do i contact you?", below. please be sure to include your full name and the email address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from dtlr villa. if you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists, we will maintain your name in a "do not contact" file to ensure that we can honor your request. it may take up to 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from dtlr villa. if you change your mind, you can start receiving promotional communications from us again by logging into your online account and changing your preferences, by signing up when you visit our websites or our stores or when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, or by contacting customer service. please note that when you make an online purchase from us, we will continue to confirm your order status and shipment by email. we may also need to contact you via telephone, email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order. how does dtlr villa protect kids' privacy? dtlr villa is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the internet. we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. our websites are general audience sites and are not targeted to or intended for use by children. how does dtlr villa use cookies and other tracking technologies? our websites use "cookies," which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. cookies enable you to shop on our websites and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience. for example, we may use cookies to enable you to use certain website features, remember the items in your shopping cart, store your preferences, recognize you when you return to our website, track your orders, and monitor and maintain information about your use of our websites. you can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it. if you do not accept cookies, however, you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our websites. we may combine the information we collect through cookies with other information we have collected from and about you. this information may be used to improve our websites, to personalize your online experience, to tailor our communications with you, to determine the effectiveness of our advertising, and for other internal business purposes. how do i know my personal information is secure? we do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience. we have in place certain physical, electronic, and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information. when you enter your personal information on our websites, we use secure sockets layer (ssl) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us. to make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser. if you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then ssl is active. to double-check for security, look at the url or location line of your browser. if you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from "http" to "https." if for any reason you cannot access the secure server, or if you're not quite comfortable shopping online at any of our websites, please feel free to place your order with us by telephone at the number listed in the section entitled, "how do i contact you?", below. what is "phishing"? "phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information. if you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. we will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email. i received a suspicious email from dtlr villa regarding an order i did not place. what should i do? for your protection, do not click links or open any files attached to suspicious, unsolicited emails. if you believe your personal computer has been compromised as a result of the scam, please consult an it professional. for more information, contact the fbi's internet crimes complaint center:http://www.ic3.gov/default.aspx. i responded to an online job posting for a dtlr villa job that requires me to upload personal financial information. is this part of your hiring process? no. dtlr villa does not ask prospective job applicants for information about their bank accounts, credit history or passwords to financial accounts. if you are asked for personal financial or security information in response to a job application, this is likely a fraudulent job listing hosted by spammers posing as dtlr villa to mislead job applicants. you can validate all dtlr villa job postings on https://www.dtlr.com/pages/careers. if you receive this type of suspicious email activity, please alert the fbi's internet crimes complaint center:http://www.ic3.gov/default.aspx what about links to other websites? for your convenience and information, our websites may contain links to other sites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. we are not responsible for the content or practices of any linked site. we recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site that you access through our sites. how do i contact you? for questions about our privacy policy, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, to update your personal information, or to place an order, you can contact dtlr villa by email, telephone, or postal mail: dtlr villa internet customer service 1300 mercedes dr, hanover, md 21076 phone 844 ruvilla | 844-788-4552fax (215) 279-5599custserv@dtlr.com get on the list sign up for the latest on releases, promotions, events and more. email address zip join sign up to get text alerts contact us 844-788-4552 custserv@dtlr.com company better together community trendsetters careers affiliate program covid-19 update customer service customer support faq contact us store locations gift card balance orders and returns track an order return policy shipping information privacy policy | terms and conditions | accessibility | ©2020 dtlr, inc close never miss a drop hate waiting for an email? get the heads up on releases, sales, events and more directly to your phone. this is the fastest way to be alerted so you never miss a drop. text dtlr to 40558 confirm your sign up for $10 off your next order* *offer valid on purchases of $50 or more. reply with email to receive offer. by opting in, you consent to receive autodialed messages to the number used at opt-in. msg frequency may vary. message and data rates may apply. reply help for help or stop to opt out. use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device choosing a selection results in a full page refresh press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection 0 item(s) in your cart you have no items in your shopping cart. qty: size: − + remove subtotal: $0.00 shipping & tax applied at checkout shipping information checkout view cart