来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221209181441/https://store.creekstonefarms.com/terms-conditions/
================================================================================

terms & conditions - creekstone farms products overview retail foodservice international about us overview our commitment shop contact overview resources careers at creekstone terms & conditions creekstone farms premium beef llc owns and operate this website.  this document governs your relationship with the creekstone farms website. access to and use of this website and the products and services available through this website (collectively, the “services”) are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the “terms of service”). by using the services, you are agreeing to all of the terms of service, as may be updated by us from time to time. you should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes we may have made to the terms of service. access to this website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the services without notice. we will not be liable if for any reason this website is unavailable at any time or for any period. from time to time, we may restrict access to some parts or all of this website. prohibitions you must not misuse this website. you will not: commit or encourage a criminal offense; transmit or distribute a virus, trojan, worm, logic bomb or any other material which is malicious, technologically harmful, in breach of confidence or in any way offensive or obscene; hack into any aspect of the service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other users; infringe upon the rights of any other person’s proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or promotional material, commonly referred to as “spam”; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through this website. breaching this provision would constitute a criminal offense and creekstone farms will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them. we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it. intellectual property, software & content the intellectual property rights in all software and content (including photographic images) made available to you on or through this website remains the property of creekstone farms or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. all such rights are reserved by creekstone farms and its licensors. you may store, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. you are not permitted to publish, manipulate, distribute or otherwise reproduce, in any format, any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on this website nor may you use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise. terms of sale by placing an order you are offering to purchase a product on and subject to the following terms and conditions. all orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price. dispatch times may vary according to availability and subject to any delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible. in order to contract with creekstone farms you must be over 18 years of age and possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us. creekstone farms retains the right to refuse any request made by you. if your order is accepted, we will inform you by email and we will confirm the identity of the party which you have contracted with. when placing an order, you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorized user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. the cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate. all prices advertised are subject to such changes. embedded content from other websites articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. these websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. (a) our contract when you place an order, you will receive an acknowledgement e-mail confirming receipt of your order: this email will only be an acknowledgement and will not constitute acceptance of your order. a contract between us will not be formed until we send you confirmation by e-mail that the goods which you ordered have been dispatched to you. only those goods listed in the confirmation e-mail sent at the time of dispatch will be included in the contract formed. (b) pricing and availability whilst we try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on this website are accurate, errors may occur. if we discover an error in the price of any goods which you have ordered, we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. if we are unable to contact you, we will treat the order as cancelled. if you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund. delivery costs may be charged in addition; such additional charges are clearly displayed where applicable and included in the ‘total cost’. (c) payment upon receiving your order, we carry out a standard authorization check on your payment card to ensure there are sufficient funds to fulfil the transaction. your card will be debited upon authorization being received. the monies received upon the debiting of your card shall be treated as a deposit against the value of the goods you wish to purchase. once the goods have been dispatched and you have been sent a confirmation email the monies paid as a deposit shall be used as consideration for the value of goods you have purchased as listed in the confirmation email. disclaimer of liability the material displayed on this website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law creekstone farms and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of this website or the linked sites and any materials posted thereon, irrespective of whether such damages were foreseeable or arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise. this does not affect [your online store url]’s liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. website accessibility statement creekstone farms premium beef llc is committed to ensuring the highest levels of satisfaction and accessibility for people utilizing our website at www.creekstonefarms.com. we are actively working to increase the accessibility and usability of our website to the widest possible audience by applying the relevant accessibility standards and guidelines. to assist in achieving our accessibility goals on our website, creekstone farms is working to ensure our website is developed and operated in conformance with the generally recognized and accepted guidelines and/or standards for website accessibility. we understand that these guidelines and standards may change and evolve over time, however they are currently the world wide web consortium’s web content accessibility guidelines wcag 2.1 level aa. (“wcag 2.1”). we welcome your feedback on the accessibility of our creekstone farms website as we are continually making updates and striving to maximize accessibility for all users. if, at any time, you have any specific questions, feedback, or concerns about the accessibility of any particular web pages on creekstonefarms.com, please contact us at accessibility@cfpbeef.com. if you could please specify the web page/url where you are experiencing issues in your email that will help us make all reasonable efforts to address your concerns. please note we strive to respond to all feedback and questions within 3 business days. linking to this website you may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. you must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. this website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of this website other than the home page. we reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. disclaimer as to ownership of trademarks, images of personalities and third-party copyright except where expressly stated to the contrary all persons (including their names and images), third party trademarks and content, services and/or locations featured on this website are in no way associated, linked or affiliated with [your online store url] and you should not rely on the existence of such a connection or affiliation. any trademarks/names featured on this website are owned by the respective trademark owners. where a trademark or brand name is referred to it is used solely to describe or identify the products and services and is in no way an assertion that such products or services are endorsed by or connected to store.creekstonefarms.com. indemnity you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless creekstone farms, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third-party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use this website or your breach of the terms of service. complaints we operate a complaints handling procedure which we will use to try to resolve disputes when they first arise, please let us know if you have any complaints or comments. waiver if you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions. entire agreement the above terms of service constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and store.creekstonefarms.com. any waiver of any provision of the terms of service will be effective only if in writing and signed by a director of store.creekstonefarms.com. let’s keep talking we are committed to providing fulfilling eating experiences that you simply won’t find anywhere else. contact us our location 604 goff industrial park road arkansas city, kansas 67005 call us at 1-866-273-3578 main menu productsaboutshopcontactcovid-19 message social media followfollowfollow get in touch at creekstone farms, we are always here to make sure you and your customers enjoy the most fulfilling experiences at every point. reach out © 2022 creekstone farms privacy policy  |  terms & conditions  |  do not sell my personal information