来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20191217175352/https://www.nolimitmotorsport.com/helpdesk/policies.html
================================================================================

no limit motorsport - policies and ordering information brakes drivetrain electronics engine exhausts fluids & lubricants forced induction gauges intakes interior suspension wheels call us: 1-866-381-4618 -- shop by brand -- acl bearings acl orbit oil pumps act clutch advan racing aem performance agency power aim motorsports a´pexi arp bolts autometer gauges baer brakes bc racing coilovers borgwarner brembo brakes brz / frs parts brian crower cobb tuning cometic gasket competition clutch cosworth d2 coilovers dc sports dba brakes defi gauges eagle rods edelbrock eibach springs eikosha air fresheners eneos oil exedy clutch ferrea racing fidanza flywheel fluidampr fortune auto coilovers fuel injector clinic gates racing belts girodisc brakes golden eagle mfg greddy performance ground control gsc power division hallman boost controllers haltech engine management hasport mounts hawk brake pads hella horns hks performance hondata iag performanceinjector dynamics injen technology invidia exhaust innovate motorsports je pistons k1 rods kartboy kelford cams kiggly racing koni shocks koyo radiator ksport suspension kyb gas shocks kw suspension magnecor wires manley performance mishimoto radiators motiv concepts motul oil nx nitrous express omni-power password:jdm pauter rods plx devices precision turbo power slot rotors progress technology quaife ralco rz shifters rays engineering royal purple samco hose skunk2 racing sparco supertech valves synapse engineering takata racing harness tanabe racing tein suspension thermal r&d tial sport tokico gas shocks turbosmart turbo xs unorthodox racing vibrant performance walbro fuel pumps wiseco pistons zeitronix electronics zex nitrous oxide policies hours of operation monday - thursday 11:00am to 7:00pm estfriday 11:00am to 6:00pm estsaturday 11:00am to 4:00pm estsunday - closed technical support if you need any technical assistance on products purchased from no limit enterprises, inc. or information regarding any orders, we will gladly help in any way we can. please email or give us a call at (631) 363-8659. web orders placing an order through our web site is quick, convenient, and secure. you can place an order at any time. all orders submitted will be processed same day or the very next business day. all orders will ship out same day if in stock, or an email or phone call will be giving to update the status of your order. phone orders ordering by telephone is the easiest method next to placing an order over the web, with the added feature of talking with an experienced sales rep to help you with your purchase. just have a list ready of what you like to order, the year, make and model of your vehicle, your credit card account number and expiration date, and call our order lines during our hours of operation. fax orders please fax your name, address, billing information, and contact details, along with the parts you wish to order to (631) 363-8712. once the fax is received, a customer service rep will call you to confirm the order. orders by mail please fill out your order form and send it to: no limit enterprises, inc., 1139 station rd unit # 1 &amp; 8, medford, ny 11763. please be sure to enclose the payment with the proper total. if you need any assistance regarding prices or shipping and handling charges, please call us or email for a total at . international orders our web site is designed to accept orders from customers in the u.s.a. only. we do accept orders from international customers, but international orders must be submitted by phone, email or by fax. we do not accept internationally issued credit cards. so all international orders must be paypal, prepaid via wire transfer or certified check or money order. all international orders are shipped through usps global ems or fedex express air service. for further details, please call our customer service department during our normal hours of operation, or email . prices prices of all merchandise do not include shipping or handling charges, unless advertised with free shipping. all prices are subject to change without notice. ny state residents add 8.75% for sales tax. method of payment all orders must be prepaid before we can ship. we do not offer cod or billing service. we accept the following forms of payment : domestically issued visa or mastercard (all visa/mastercard orders will be shipped to the billing address only, or authorized shipping address.) domestically issued american express (american express orders can be shipped to an authorized alternate shipping address other than the billing address.) discover/novus card (all discover/novus credit card orders will be shipped to the billing address only.) money order(s) in u.s. currency certified check(s)/bank draft(s) in u.s. currency personal checks payable to no limit enterprises, inc. (all returned checks are subject to a us $25.00 charge) electronic funds transfer/bank wire(please call or email for details) methods of shipping to the usa free fed ex ground service (not available to hi or ak customers)*orders over $150 only* fed ex 3 day select service (not available to hi or ak customers) fed ex 2 day air service fed ex standard overnight usps and ups are available as well no limit motorsport also reserves the right to upgrade free shipping, to help speed up orders. methods of shipping for canadian orders fed ex ground service united states postal service (note: any export/import fees and custom duty will be collected by the carrier.) methods of shipping for puerto rico orders fed ex 2 day air service usps priority (note: any export/import fees and custom duty will be collected by the carrier.) methods of shipping for po box, apo/fpo and other military station orders u.s. postal service - priority mail (note: any export/import fees and custom duty will be collected by the carrier.)(note: all shipments are subject to all standards and regulations set by the u.s. postal service.) return policy return for exchange or refund will be allowed only within 14 calendar days from the date of receipt. all authorized return merchandise must be unused and in its original saleable packaging. no return or exchange on merchandise that shows signs of having been installed, mounted, scratched, or defaced will be allowed. return authorization number must be issued before any returns can be made. we will not accept any returns without this number. please write this number clearly on the outside of the returning package and tag the item(s) inside with your name and r.a. number. all returns must be received by no limit enterprises, inc. within 10 calendar days after the r.a. number has been issued. the return authorization number does not imply a replacement or refund, but only that we will inspect the merchandise based on your claim. returns must be sent freight prepaid and insured by you. original shipping and handling charges are not refundable. a photo copy of your invoice showing the invoice number must accompany your return along with a written explanation and a contact phone number where we may be able to reach you. it is the responsibility of the customer/installer to verify the correctness of size and application of the parts before installation. we cannot be held responsible for parts ordered for the wrong application. if a correct part is ordered, but shipped incorrect, we will make all efforts to make good at no extra charge. all approved refunds will be paid by either company check, credit card credit, or account credit, all to be determined by no limit enterprises, inc.. a 25% restocking fee will be assessed on all authorized returns. no cancellations, refunds, or exchanges on special order items or custom order items will be allowed. no returns or exchanges on engine parts (pistons, rods, valvetrain, bearings, gaskets, etc..) or electronic products, including gauges, fuel controllers, boost controller, or any other electronic device. these are sold as is, and only carry the manufacturers warranty. customer cancelled orders there will be a 10% cancellation fee to customer cancelled orders, when possible if it has not already shipped. when you place an order online, or over the phone, we immediately charge your credit card for verification. this charge costs us 3% of the sale amount. to credit your card, it costs us another 3%. the other 4% is to cover expenses and costs incurred while processing the order. our employees expect to get paid, so do you when you work. if a special order has been placed, such as pistons, turbo's, etc., and the items are built and ready to ship out, and a cancellation is requested, a 20% cancellation fee will be imposed. we cannot have customers just placing orders, and then cancelling because they changed their mind for whatever reason. please do not place an order for fun. we take our business very seriously and try to provide you with the best service in the industry. we do understand some things are out of your control, and will try to work it out if possible. refused shipments any refused shipments sent back to no limit enterprises, inc. does not constitute the right to a refund or credit. it is the customers responsibility to make all arrangements with no limit enterprises, inc. for the refused shipment. it is company policy to charge the customer all freight charges associated with the shipment and a 25% restocking fee. back-order policy if an item is not in stock, we will hold a back order for you and ship the item as soon as it becomes available. if we experience a long delay, we will advise you of that fact. if you do not wish to wait for back ordered items, we will cancel the items you requested upon receiving instructions to do so. if a part is backordered, you will be given the option to wait for it, or cancel the order. if you choose to wait, then decide to cancel because its taking too long, you will be subject to our cancellation policy. free shipping limitations unfortunately, there are limitations to our free ground shipping. for instance, on certain oversized items, or heavy items, such as engine oil, we cannot offer free shipping because of the already low price we offer on the product. once the order is received, an email will be sent to you notifying you about the situation. at this time, you will have the option of cancelling your order or proceeding with the shipping charge. this is a rare occurrence, and only happens less then 1% of all orders. we continue to get better shipping rates all the time, and we do try our best to limit this from happening. typographical errors in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, manufacturers, or distributors, nolimitmotorsport.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. nolimitmotorsport.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, nolimitmotorsport.com shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. order acceptance policy your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. nolimitmotorsport.com reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. nolimitmotorsport.com reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. all orders placed over $2000.00 (u.s.) must obtain pre-approval with an acceptable method of payment, as established by our credit and fraud avoidance department. we may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. availability of products all items will be shipped according to availability. if items are not readily available, we will try our best to expedite all orders as quickly as possible. no limit enterprises, inc. will not be held responsible for long delays beyond our control. we understand when placing an order, you would like your parts asap, but sometimes a manufacturing backorder causes an uncontrolled delay. product specifications prices, materials, design, specifications, and recommendations are subject to change without prior notice. all merchandise information presented in this web site were true and correct at the time of publication. please see manufacturers website or call for further details. legality of products no limit enterprises, inc. offers a wide variety of merchandise designed to improve the appearance and performance of your vehicle. the rules and regulations regarding the use of some or all of these items may vary from state to state and/or city to city. no limit enterprises, inc. will not guarantee the legality of use or installation of any given items in your particular area. we highly recommend that you check with your local law enforcement agency. violation of any laws may subject the owner and/or operator of the vehicle to a fine and/or penalty. warranties no warranty whatsoever will be valid if the defect was caused by customers abuse, negligence, and/or mishandling. all merchandise sold by no limit enterprises, inc. is only subject to manufacturers warranty, if any, and are subject to submission to the manufacturer for approval for repair or replacement of merchandise. customer, however, will be responsible for shipping and handling fees. no labor or inconvenience may be included in any claims. there is no warranty on lights, light bulbs, electrical parts, and internal engine or turbo parts. tracking numbers unfortunately, there are some very dishonest people out there, and it has caused us to stop giving out tracking numbers. we are more then happy to check the status of the order, by giving us a call, or email. if you would like a delivery date, give us 1-2 days after placing your order, and we should be able to give you a delivery date. shipping errors if you receive an incorrect item due to our error, we will issue a fedex call tag to pick up the incorrect item(s) and ship the correct item(s) at no additional charge to you once the original parts are received back to no limit enterprises, inc.. claims all merchandise are packed carefully and correctly utilizing a triple check method before it leaves our facility. damaged shipments should be checked in the presence of the carrier. all claims for damaged or loss to your shipment must be made with the carrier. please keep all shipping cartons and packing material for carrier inspection. no limit enterprises, inc. will not initiate any claims with the carrier. claims for shortage of items or damaged shipments must be made within five working days of receipt. installation of products no limit enterprises, inc. highly recommends the installation of mechanical or electrical parts be performed by a qualified trained professionals. improperly installed products may lead to unsafe and unreliable conditions. all products installed incorrectly will not be covered under any warranties and will not be accepted as a return. engine performance upgrades all engine performance upgrades directly related to engine, exhaust system, turbocharging/supercharging system, and fuel injection system are legal in new york only for racing vehicles which may never be used upon a highway unless otherwise specified. persons in other states must check their local and state laws regarding use. items labeled as "carb" exempt, are legal to use on public roads. sales delivered or sourced to washington: sales or use tax is due on certain purchases delivered or sourced to washington. washington requires you to file a use tax return when sales tax is not paid at the time of purchase. this message is required under the revised code of washington 82.13.020(2)(a)(i). sales delivered or sourced to pennsylvania: pennsylvania sales or use tax may be due in connection with the purchase and delivery of tangible personal property to pennsylvania individuals and businesses. pennsylvania requires the purchaser to file a use tax return if tax is due and the tax was not collected by the seller. the seller to which you are being referred may or may not collect and remit sales tax. if the seller to whom you are being referred does not collect sales tax, the seller may be required to provide information to you and the pennsylvania department of revenue about the purchase and the potential use tax liability. this notice is required pursuant to the provisions of the tax reform code of 1971. 72 p.s. § 7213.2. left column right column follow us home catalog gallery parts request contact us help center privacy policy policies terms + conditions e-mail unsubscribe directions to shop installations wholesale accounts nlm blog © no limit motorsport 2018 | 1139 station rd unit # 1 & 8 medford, ny 11763tel. (866) 381-4618