来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20091230114900/http://www.birthdaydirect.com/customer-service-order-questions.php
================================================================================

order questions - birthday direct customer service help center - birthday party supplies, theme party supplies, 1st birthday party supplies, and more all at discount prices smart moms shop birthday direct!      1 same day order processing 2 orders over $65 ship free 3 delivery in 1-3 business days shopping cart0 items ($0.00)checkout1-888-491-9185 (toll free) birthdaydirect.com contact us | comments | customer service | track order | live chat search product name, keyword, or item number: shop party supplies 1st birthday party baby shower decorations balloons & backdrops cake decorations & candles kid's birthday party supplies milestone birthdays over the hill party favors pinatas solid color party supplies sports theme party theme party supplies new & coming soon shipping rates delivery in 1-3 business days continental us up to $64.99 = $6 over  $65 = free more shipping information. random customer comment thank you so much birthday direct! i am so glad i found this web site... the prices are excellent, the transacions so smooth, free shipping! wow and such fast delivery!!! i received everything i ordered and i loved everything!!! thank you i will buy from you again! ximenamiami, fl. march 18, 2009 read more customer comments or add your own. customer service help center customer service help centerbilling & payment questionsgeneral questionsorder questionsshipping questions birthday party gamesbirthday party planning ideasbirthday party recipeswebsite questionscontact us order questions below is a collection of some of our most frequently asked order questions: how can i return an item? what is the minimum order amount? how can i track my package once it has been shipped? what happens if an item becomes out of stock after i place my order? why haven't i received my order confirmation email yet? can i fax or mail an order form? how can i cancel an order? what if my order is late? how can i add or delete items from my order once it has been placed? can i place an order over the telephone? how can exchange an item? what if something is missing from my order? what if i receive the wrong item? what if i receive a damaged or defective item? what is your order cancellation policy? what is the expected delivery date of an out of stock item? can i place a back order for an out of stock item? if you need specialized assistance or further information, please use our contact us page for professional, courteous customer service. click here to return to the customer service page. how can i return an item? please follow these steps to return an item for a refund: 1. print and complete the return form (pdf) and enclose it with your package. note: to open and view a pdf file you will need a program such as adobe reader. 2. securely package the item(s) to be returned. items received damaged due to improper packaging, by the customer, will not be eligible for a refund. 3. return your package to us using the mail carrier of your choice. we recommend using a carrier that provides a package tracking number. 4. you may also refuse your package upon delivery. however, standard ups return shipping rates will apply to all refused packages. please note: shipping charges are not reimbursable. return shipment charges for refused packages will be deducted from your refund. all returns will be credited to 	the original form of payment. if you are receiving a credit card 	refund, please allow up to two billing cycles for your credit to 	appear. please return merchandise within 30 days of receipt to ensure proper 	credit. we cannot accept opened or used merchandise. merchandise must be in original packaging. not all products/situations qualify for a refund. unaccepted 	items will require return shipping to be paid by customer. shipping charges will be applied to orders which receive free shipping and the returned items cause the order total to fall below the free shipping amount. send returns to: birthday direct attn: returns dept. 120 commerce street muscle shoals, al 35661 back to top of the page or customer service page. what is the minimum order amount? there is no minimum order amount at birthday direct. buy as much, or as little, as you want. back to top of the page or customer service page. how can i track my package once it has been shipped? if your package was shipped via ups, go to the tracking page and enter either your order number or your ups tracking number. if your package was shipped via usps, please visit www.usps.com to track your package using your usps tracking number. back to top of the page or customer service page. what happens if an item becomes out of stock after i place my order? sometimes the availability of the items in your order may change while we are processing your order. because we understand that fast delivery of your party supply products is very important to you and your child, we sometimes will ship your order as is and refund you for the cost of the out of stock items. all corrections to your order due to out of stock merchandise will be noted on the invoice inside your box. back to top of the page or customer service page. why haven't i received my order confirmation email yet? confirmation emails are sent out immediately upon the placement of an order to the email address provided during checkout. if you have never received an email from us, please check your spam filters or with your isp to ensure that you are allowing email from our website. also check your junk or bulk mail folder as sometimes the confirmation email will end up there. to ensure you receive our correspondence, add our email address, "customerservice@birthdaydirect.com", to your contact list or address book. if you haven't received a confirmation email after 24 hours of placing an order please contact one of our customer service reps to verify your order details. back to top of the page or customer service page. can i fax or mail an order form? yes. customers may place orders via fax or postal mail by downloading the order form (pdf). guidelines for fax and mail orders: print neatly using ink. fill out the order form completely. enclose payment. fax - credit card or western union payment(*) mail - credit card or money order(*) payable to birthday direct, inc. fax the order to: 256-381-6473 mail the order to: birthday direct, inc. attn: order processing 120 commerce street muscle shoals, al 35661 back to top of the page or customer service page. how can i cancel an order? contact us immediately during business hours! please note, once you submit the order we cannot guarantee we will be able to locate the order for cancellation. if sending an email, it is very important to put your order number and the words "cancel my order" in the subject line of the email. also us the best way to contact you during business hours. a customer care representative will respond during business hours. back to top of the page or customer service page. what if my order is late? please review your order confirmation and check on the order status first. when calculating shipping times, do not count the processing day, weekends, or holidays. orders placed after 3pm central time monday through friday, on weekends, or on shipping holidays will not be processed until the next business day. remember it is extremely unlikely that your order has been lost in transit. shipping times start the day after the processing day. track your package to track the ups shipping status of your order, visit our tracking page. to track usps shipping status of your order, visit www.usps.com to track your order using your usps tracking number. contact customer service if contacting customer service by email, it is important to put your order number and the words "order is late" in the subject line of the email. tell us any changes in your party date and the best way to contact you during business hours. a customer care representative will respond during business hours. send the email to: customerservice@birthdaydirect.com. back to top of the page or customer service page. can i add or delete items from my order once it has been placed? contact us immediately during business hours! please note that once you submit the order we cannot guarantee we will be able to locate the order to make any changes. if sending an email, it is very important to put your order number and the words "change to my order" in the subject line of the email. also tell us any changes in your party date and the best way to contact you during business hours. a customer care representative will respond during business hours. back to top of the page or customer service page. can i place an order over the telephone? yes. please note that the following information is required to place an order by phone: item number and quantity of each item billing and shipping information* your party date credit card information * important: to prevent a delay in your order please ensure that the "ship to:" address on your order is listed with your credit card company as an alternate or one time shipping address for verification. back to top of the page or customer service page. how can i exchange an item? first, please return any items that you do not need. please note that we are unable to accept back any opened or used items. once the items come back into our warehouse, we will be able to refund your card for the merchandise only. the return policy will apply to all returned merchandise. second, please place a new order on the website for the items you do need. this way you do not have to wait for the returned items to arrive back at our warehouse, or for any delays our carrier may have getting the items back to us. also, you are responsible for all shipping costs on exchanges. note: if you have included an exchange request with your return, the full return policy will apply to all returned merchandise. also, you are responsible for all actual shipping costs on the exchanged merchandise. back to top of the page or customer service page. what if something is missing from my order? sometimes the availability of the items in your order may change while we are processing your order. because we understand that fast delivery of your party supply products is very important to you and your child, we sometimes will ship your order as is and refund you for the cost of the out of stock items. all corrections to your order due to out of stock merchandise will be noted on the invoice inside your box. if there was not a notice in the box regarding missing items on very rare occasions, both an order puller and packer will not notice an item missing in an order. it is also possible that the shipping department did not place the out of stock notice in the box or that the box opened in transit and items fell out. please email our customer care center at customerservice@birthdaydirect.com. if sending an email, it is important to put your order number and the words "item missing from package" in the subject line of the email. please tell us the condition of the box when it arrived, especially any visible damage to the box or apparent re-taping, and what was missing from the order. also tell us any changes in your party date and the best way to contact you during business hours. a customer care representative will respond during business hours. *note: all claims of damage or shortage must be reported within 3 days of your receipt of the shipment.  claims reported after 3 days will not be allowed. back to top of the page or customer service page. what if i receive the wrong item? should you receive the wrong item (an item different from what is on your order), we will provide one of the following: we can reship the correct item, if we have enough time to get it to you before your party date. please note, all reshipments are sent via usps. if we are unable to make your party date, or we are currently out of stock of the item, we can refund your card for the item. if we are currently out of stock on the item and you would prefer an alternate item of the same value, we are happy to swap the item out. as long as we have enough time to make your party date. please note, all reshipments are sent via usps. however, you must return the product if we request and this must be received by us within 10 days. you will not be charged any additional shipping or handling fees for replacement shipments. if we request that you return the product, we will provide you with directions for doing so. email customer support: when notifying customer service by email, it is important to put your order number and the words "received wrong item" in the subject line of the email. list which items are wrong and the also tell us which product you should have received. also tell us any changes in your party date and the best way to contact you during business hours. a customer care representative will respond within hours. send the email to: customerservice@birthdaydirect.com. *note: all claims must be reported within 3 days of your receipt of the shipment.  claims reported after 3 days will not be allowed. back to top of the page or customer service page. what if i receive a damaged or defective item? you must report the damaged or defective products immediately* and if we request, return the items to us within 10 business days from receipt of your package. if we request that you return the product, we will provide you with directions for doing so and the type of condition we would need to receive it back in. if your box arrived damaged: send the email to: customerservice@birthdaydirect.com. it is important to put your order number and the words "item damaged in transit" in the subject line of the email. list which items are damaged, the type of damage and the condition of the box. please note if there was any obvious re-taping. also tell us any changes in your party date and the best way to contact you during business hours. a customer care representative will respond during business hours. if the box arrived in perfect condition: send the email to: customerservice@birthdaydirect.com. it is important to put your order number and the words "defective item received" in the subject line of the email. list which items are damaged or defective, the type of damage or why the product is defective. also tell us any changes in your party date and the best way to contact you during business hours. a customer care representative will respond during business hours. should you receive a damaged or defective item from us it will be handled on a case by case basis. we usually provide one of the following: we can reship the item, if we have enough time to get it to you before your party date. please note, all reshipments are sent via usps. also, we may request the return of the defective item(s). if so, the replacement will be sent upon receipt of the returned item(s). if we are unable to make your party date, or we are currently out of stock on the item, we can refund your card for the item. please note, we may request return of the defective item. if so, a refund will be issued once the item arrives back at our warehouse. if we are currently out of stock on the item and you would prefer an alternate item of the same value, we are happy to swap the item out, as long as we have enough time to make your party date. please note, all reshipments are sent via usps. also, we may request the return of the defective item. if so, the replacement will be sent upon receipt of the returned item. *note: all claims of damage or shortage must be reported within 3 days of your receipt of the shipment.  claims reported after 3 days will not be allowed. to ensure proper handling of your order, be sure to follow any and all directions customer service may provide to you. back to top of the page or customer service page. what is your order cancellation policy? we reserve the right to cancel an order based on the following: 1.  if we cannot make the party date listed on your order, we will first contact you at least once by phone and email to confirm the accuracy of the date.  if the date is incorrect, we will correct the date and ship the order.  if the date is correct, we will cancel the order.  if there is no response, or we cannot get in contact with you, the order is then canceled. 2.  we cannot verify the addresses on your order using the avs - address verification system.  all addresses listed on your order must be verified with your card company as an authorized shipping address, alternate shipping address, or one time shipping address.  we can only ship to an address that can be verified with your card company.  this protect both our customers and our company from internet fraud.  we will try to contact you by both phone and email, however, if the issue is not resolved, there is no response or we cannot get in contact with you, the order is then canceled. 3. as of april 11, 2008, we are no longer able to ship to any freight forwarder, individual or company, that would have the intent of shipping or taking our merchandise outside of the usa. our products are only licensed to be used and sold within the usa. should we become suspicious that your order may be shipping to a freight forwarder, individual or company, that would intend t ship or take the merchandise outside the usa, the order will be automatically cancelled and a cancellation notice sent via email. back to top of the page or customer service page. what is the expected delivery date of an out of stock item? the expected availability date, listed on out of stock items, is an approximate date that our suppliers expect to deliver the product to our facility. the expected availability date is not a guaranteed in stock date and may vary depending on when the shipment arrives and is checked into our inventory control system. the actual in stock date could be before or after the expected availability date listed on the website. occasionally some items will not have an expected availability date. the website is updated daily with the most current information available from our suppliers. our customer service representatives do not have any additional information about the availability of item. please check the website for the most current status of an item. as soon as items are checked into our inventory control system they are available for purchase on our website. back to top of the page or customer service page. can i place a back order for an out of stock item? due to the quickness and efficiency of our processing center we do not have a back order system. therefore, we are not able to add anything to your order that is currently out of stock, nor can we hold an order until an out of stock item becomes available. we understand that fast delivery of your order is important to both you and your child. as a result we have streamlined our processing center to facilitate rapid order processing. this allows us to quickly and efficiently process and ship orders. please note the following: out of stock items cannot be purchased until they become in stock. recently in stock items cannot be added to current or shipped orders. shipping costs cannot be waived on new orders of recently in stock items. they are new orders and are shipped separately from previous orders. back to top of the page or customer service page. birthdaydirect.com | 1st birthday party | kid's birthday party supplies | theme party supplies | baby shower decorations secure credit card processing secure transactions we accept: all major credit cardsdebit cardsmoney orderswestern union about us | contact us | customer service help center | shipping information | track your order minimum order amount | privacy policy | security policy | product disclaimer | site map over 10 million children have attended a birthday direct party! need bulk party supplies? visit partysupplydirect.com for discount wholesale party supplies. birthdaydirect.com - birthday party supplies at discount prices. copyright © 1996 - 2010 birthday direct, inc., all rights reserved.