来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101222011044/http://www.diesel.com/legal-terms
================================================================================

legal terms terms&conditions of use the website www.diesel.com (the website) is managed by diesel s.p.a. (diesel) and it is governed by the terms and conditions set out below (t&c). please read them carefully and if you don’t agree please exit the website. by visiting the website you unconditionally consent to the following t&c including the copyright and intellectual property rights notice, the warranty disclaimer, users generated contents terms of use and the privacy policy. the following t&c are intended to be the only current regulation of the website and replace any previous regulation. you are aware that diesel may modify, at its sole discretion, at any time and without previous notice, said t&c so we ask you to visit recurrently this webpage to check updates. copyright and intellectual property rights notice this website contains information, images, photographs, logos, music, video, trademarks, products, advertising, etc. which are exclusive property of diesel s.p.a., or granted to diesel under license by their respective right owners. said material is protected against unauthorized use by copyrights and trademark laws. you cannot reproduce, totally or in part publish, transmit, modify totally or in part, or sell any of the material contained in this website. no right or other claims may be deemed assigned to you as a result of downloading and/or copying the abovementioned materials. all signs, patterns, designs, trademarks, logos displayed in the website are protected therefore reproduction, distribution, publishing, transmission, modification, totally or in part, sale and any other usage of the above material is forbidden. warranty disclaimer this website is for entertainment, promotional and advertising purposes and you can use it only for private, personal and not commercial use. the website may contains links to other websites which are not under diesel’s control. diesel, its employees, officers, directors and shareholders, cannot be responsible for the contents or security, or viruses or other negative consequences arising out of said third websites. these t&c are to be intended only for the website www.diesel.com. this website is provided "as it is" and diesel makes no warranties of the absence of malicious programs (such as viruses, bugs or trojan horses). diesel, its employees, officers, directors and shareholders, shall not be responsible or liable for any damages of any kind whatsoever arising out of, caused by or related to your use of this website. diesel does not represent or warrant that the information contained in this website is accurate and complete. if the law currently in force does not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, the cases of warranties’ exclusions set forth in this paragraph will not be applied, in whole or in part to you. this website may sometimes contain images and scenes with ironical and humorous contents or coarse language, which in no case are intended to offend anyone’s sensitivity. if you don’t appreciate it please exit the website. this website is not for children. we are not willing to collect personal information from individuals under major age, so if you are under minor age please exit the website or ask your parents’ permission and in any case do not submit your data. users generated contents terms of use the website gives to the users the opportunity to add comments, upload pictures and to link to other web-pages (the contents). you must become a registered user in order to post contents. after having completed registration you will have at your disposal a private profile page from which you will be allow to post contents. when you post remember that pictures and comments will be then visible to people visiting the website and that the website is not for your commercial use, therefore do not post your advertising or commercial contents. users warrant that the content uploaded do not offend religion, moral, people sensitivity, and do not infringe third party’s rights, privacy law, copyright, trademark and i.p. rights, or other laws. users who wish to upload their contents warrant that they will indemnify and hold harmless diesel from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, privacy rights or other laws infringements. diesel, its employees, officers, directors and shareholders, have no responsibility for contents displayed in the website if they are uploaded by users. it must be duly highlighted that no moderation or control system is activated and no pre-screen of the contents uploaded by users is done by diesel. we recommend you protect your own privacy and do not post your personal information (such as e mail, address, etc.) in your personal page or forums and do not solicit personal information from other users; do not allow third parities to use your profile and immediately report to diesel any unauthorized use of your credentials. in case of notification from an interested party about possible infringement referred to a specific content, diesel will have the right but not the responsibility to remove as fast as possible that content and, if feasible, notify the complaint to the user. in any case diesel reserves the right to remove at any time the content without prior notice, in case of potential copyright infringement, obscene or offensive material, or for whatever reason at its sole discretion. users may notify diesel about any illegal, inappropriate or offensive contents, bad behavior of other users or other general problems writing an e-mail to the following address: bumfuzzle@diesel.com. if diesel agrees with the reported issue, will solve the matter in the appropriate way. submissions any material otherwise sent to diesel through whatever means, including the profile page, is intended as granted to diesel as non confidential and for free use. in this regard you hereby grant to diesel a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, license. diesel reserves the right to use said material contents for any purpose and in any manner and in any media formats and through any media channels. by accepting these rules user represents that no objection will be that the material is made available to users of the diesel website. you represent that diesel has no obligation to keep the material confidential, to pay you any compensation and warrant that the material does not infringe any third party’s right including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, privacy and other laws. privacy policy and privacy notice pursuant to article 13 of the d. lgs. 30 june 2003 n. 196 (italian data protection code) diesel collects through the website personal data such as e-mail addressees, gender, country, and only on voluntary basis, name, surname, age and, addresses. we don’t use your data for any other purpose than to confirm your registration and, if you consent, for sending direct marketing communications about diesel events and products and commercial offers from diesel on-line store . we don’t send you communications unless you have expressly consented us to do so. we don’t sell your data or disclose to any outside diesel. data are handled only by people of diesel in charge for the data processing and its providers acting as data processors and bound to respect the confidentiality of the information processed. you can access their list by writing to diesel. we don’t communicate otherwise your data unless required by law or in connection with a legal claim or proceeding. data will not be disseminated. we do not profile your tastes; your preferences will be used only for statistic purposes. personal data are processed by electronic means. you hereby expressly accept that the data is stored on our server located in the usa. supplying your e-mail address is optional and you can unsubscribe from the mailing list at any time by contacting diesel at the following address privacy@diesel.com. diesel in order to protect your data from unauthorized access adopts security measures according to standards required by italian data protection laws. however please be aware that no internet data transmission can be considered secure from access by unintended recipients and diesel will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to lack of minimum safety measurers mandatory according to the italian privacy code. cookies: diesel uses cookies and tracks ip addresses exclusively in order to improve its online services and enhance your diesel experience. by using cookies diesel does not collect any personal data. right to access personal data and other rights pursuant to section 7 of italian privacy code 1. a data subject shall have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him exist, regardless of their being already recorded, and communication of such data in intelligible form. 2. a data subject shall have the right to be informed a) of the source of the personal data; b) of the purposes and methods of the processing; c) of the logic applied to the processing, if the latter is carried out with the help of electronic means; d) of the identification data concerning data controller, data processors and the representative designated as per section 5(2); e) of the entities or categories of entity to whom or which the personal data may be communicated and who or which may get to know said data in their capacity as designated representative(s) in the states territory, data processor(s) or person(s) in charge of the processing. 3. a data subject shall have the right to obtain a) updating, rectification or, where interested therein, integration of the data; b) erasure, anonymisation or blocking of data that have been processed unlawfully, including data whose retention is unnecessary for the purposes for which they have been collected or subsequently processed; c) certification to the effect that the operations as per letters a) and b) have been notified, as also related to their contents, to the entities to whom or which the data were communicated or disseminated, unless this requirement proves impossible or involves a manifestly disproportionate effort compared with the right that is to be protected. 4. a data subject shall have the right to object, in whole or in part, a) on legitimate grounds, to the processing of personal data concerning him/her, even though they are relevant to the purpose of the collection; b) to the processing of personal data concerning him/her, where it is carried out for the purpose of sending advertising materials or direct selling or else for the performance of market or commercial communication surveys. data controller of the data processing is diesel via dell’industria n.7, 36060 molvena, data processor is the marketing director. you can exercise the above listed rights by contacting diesel at the abovementioned address. vat diesel s.p.a. via dell'industria, 4/6 n7 36042 breganze (vi), italy p.i. n. 00642650246 cap. soc. euro 25.000.000 int. vers. c.f., p.iva e reg. imprese vi 00642650246 r.e.a. n. 143773 cciaa vi mecc. vi 005020 group: only the brave s.r.l. back to top of the page close this window