来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121226004609/http://www.diesel.com/fityourattitude
================================================================================

diesel - female denim - fit your attitude - women's jeans diesel twitter youtube facebook pinterest collections women's collection men's collection diesel black gold diesel kid 55dsl campaign online store store locator fit your attitude fit your attitude about fit your attitude find theclosest store closest store previous next redesigned from the ground up to guarantee the most body-enhancing shapes you’ve ever worn, each style in the range has also been uncompromisingly crafted to complement a specific set of attitudes. welcome to a new family of denim 'attitudes'. based on extensive new body type research, which involved taking the measurements of more than 20,000 women. all 'fit your attitude' jeans flatter your body with intelligent design features, offering firmer support for a sexier, curvier derrière. thirty years of passion and experience are behind this complete range of fits, each created with iconic design and construction. the new comfortable belt construction won't mark the waist. the perfectly placed side seams help make your legs look longer and more defined. a new back-pocket design and placement creates a smaller-looking rear. trust your leg to diesel. feel and look invincible. whatever your occasion. the family is available in the widest range of colours and treatments. whether you are going out clubbing, heading to the office or enjoying a lazy sunday, the instantly iconic design featuring innovative constructions and treatments, will complement your entire look and fit who you are. denim that does more than flatter your body. it fits your attitude. fit your attitude 1 2 3 4 5 6 close label close all attitudes all fits next “...i am daring, strong and free spirited, the perfect partner for a concert, club or party...” grupee the higher back coverage means you can bend down without revealing more about yourself than you may want to. view product by fit “...i am brave, real and positive, the perfect partner for everyday, whatever you are doing...” getlegg a classic denim look, but with angled cut seams on the yolk and front for an iconic identity. straitzee the regular waist gives a refined look that is easy to wear. view product by fit “...i am sensual, confident and feminine, the perfect partner for dressing up and a smart day at work...” bootzee the long inseam length makes you look taller with slender-looking legs, while the placement of the back pockets visually lifts your rear. louvboot this bootcut style combines a slim fit with a wide opening bottom leg and rounded back pockets, this design makes this jean casual and feminine for bootcut lovers. view product by fit “...i am sexy, fashionable and chic, the perfect partner for dressing to impress for a day or night out on the town...” highkee an extra high waist gives an iconic 50s denim look. flairlegg a wide bell bottom gives a truly iconic 70s denim look. view product by fit “...i am spontaneous, playful and independent, the perfect partner for browsing the vintage market on a sunday morning...” faithlegg a regular waist offers a versatile, easy to wear and iconic classic denim look. myguy all the best male design details, including double belt loops and button fly, but with a female shape. fayza this sophisticated boyfriend style is a true masterpiece of denim. lowky this traditional regular fit with a sexy low waist is an authentic denim with a distinctive yoke construction and zigzag stitches on the waistband which maintain the original hip shape. view product by fit super skinny read more ...i am daring, strong and free spirited, the perfect partner for a concert, club or party... super skinny the higher back coverage means you can bend down without revealing more about yourself than you may want to. the angled yoke helps shape a curvier rear; the angled back pockets draw the attention that your derrière deserves; while the angled fly brings a strong attitude to the front. front back video select a wash 661s 881k 804q 805s 661b skinny read more ...i am brave, real and positive, the perfect partner for everyday, whatever you are doing... skinny a classic denim look, but with angled cut seams on the yolk and front for an iconic identity. get slender-looking legs, but with more comfort than a super-skinny fit. the higher back provides extra coverage for a comfortable fit that won't let you down, when you bend down. front back video select a wash 804s 068s 661t 660y straight read more ...i am spontaneous, playful and independent, the perfect partner for browsing the vintage market on a sunday morning... straight a regular waist offers a versatile, easy to wear and iconic classic denim look. authentic denim design details, including hidden pocket rivets, a touch that in the early days of jeans saved horse saddles from wear and today will do the same with your motorbike. a new cleaner and more comfortable belt construction, that leaves no marks on the waist. front back video select a wash 800l 804d 803e straight read more ...i am brave, real and positive, the perfect partner for everyday, whatever you are doing... straight the regular waist gives a refined look that is easy to wear. the long inseam length makes you look taller with slender-looking legs, while the placement of the back pockets visually lifts your rear, accentuating your natural curves, and giving you an even sexier walk. front back select a wash 881k 600h 801h straight read more ...i am spontaneous, playful and independent, the perfect partner for browsing the vintage market on a sunday morning... straight this traditional regular fit with a sexy low waist is an authentic denim with a distinctive yoke construction and zigzag stitches on the waistband which maintain the original hip shape. the special curved yoke and small, squared back pockets give a perfect shape to the back. front back video select a wash 804w 800m 661z boyfriend read more ...i am spontaneous, playful and independent, the perfect partner for browsing the vintage market on a sunday morning... boyfriend all the best male design details, including double belt loops and button fly, but with a female shape. the low crotch gives added comfort and an extra relaxed "borrowed guy's pants" look but the tapered leg makes your legs look slimmer. front back video select a wash 800m boyfriend read more ...i am spontaneous, playful and independent, the perfect partner for browsing the vintage market on a sunday morning... boyfriend this sophisticated boyfriend style is a true masterpiece of denim. note the complex pleats and stitches, which move across the leg to the back of the hem for a banana-shaped silhouette and daringly low crotch. front back video select a wash 802w 803d 661d 804d bootcut read more ...i am sensual, confident and feminine, the perfect partner for dressing up and a smart day at work... bootcut the regular waist gives a refined look that is easy to wear. the long inseam length makes you look taller with slender-looking legs, while the placement of the back pockets visually lifts your rear, accentuating your natural curves, and giving you an even sexier walk. front back video select a wash 111d 600a 804p 600b 661b bootcut read more ...i am sensual, confident and feminine, the perfect partner for dressing up and a smart day at work... bootcut this bootcut style combines a slim fit with a wide opening bottom leg and rounded back pockets, which make this jean casual and feminine for bootcut lovers. the waistband is constructed to avoid muffin effects on the hips. front back video select a wash 802p 804q 600a high waist read more ...i am sexy, fashionable and chic, the perfect partner for dressing to impress for a day or night out on the town... high waist an extra high waist gives an iconic 50s denim look. the chic and tailored look of the narrow double stitching has a leg slimming effect, while the tall back pockets have an elongating effect on the rear, to guarantee a perfectly shaped, sexy derrière. front back video select a wash 661t 804v flair read more ...i am sexy, fashionable and chic, the perfect partner for dressing to impress for a day or night out on the town... flair a wide bell bottom gives a truly iconic 70s denim look. the tailored style makes for fashionable refinement, while the rear-pocket placement lifts the rear and creates a curvier shape. dress them up with high heels or flats for a relaxed summer look. front back video select a wash 661d 801j 803d super skinny grupee skinny getlegg high waist highkee bootcut bootzee louvboot flare flairlegg straight faithlegg straitzee lowky boyfriend myguy fayza © 2012 diesel p.iva it00642650246 diesel supports diesel - female / male diesel female apparel preview ss13 denim: fit your attitude denim: jogg jeans bags wallets intimate footwear eyewear watches jewellery fragrances diesel male apparel preview ss13 denim: color exposure denim: 3d evolution denim: jogg jeans our glory denim bags wallets footwear intimate fresh&bright undies underdenim undies eyewear watches jewellery fragrances diesel - black gold / kids / 55dsl / lifestyle diesel black gold womenswear fw12 menswear fw12 fashion show ss13 diesel kid collection 55dsl hello my name is... collection shop lifestyle headphones ducati home collection helmets bike 500 by diesel diesel farm pelican hotel otb foundation its youtube pinterest facebook twitter flickr legal notice jobs press be stupid