来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229181950/http://www.colehaan.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

cole haan - privacy policy free ground shipping over $150 | free 2-day over $250 free returns & exchanges cole haan cole haan outlet visit cole haan outlet shop our outlet store and items will be added to your colehaan.com shopping bag free ground shipping over $150 | free returns + exchanges ▲ find a store sign in/register sign in to your cole haan account * * remember me sign in forgot your password? don't have a cole haan account? create an account now bag 0 skip to content search catalog search women collections grandrevølution 2.zerøgrand zerøgrand grandprø studiøgrand øriginalgrand pinch tali genevieve weatherproof party essentials best sellers shoes new shoes boots & booties heels oxfords sneakers loafers & drivers ballet flats wedges sandals extended widths view all shoes handbags new handbags & wallets totes hobos & satchels crossbodies & clutches backpacks duffles wallets & wristlets view all handbags accessories scarves, gloves & hats socks & tights belts sunglasses watches & jewelry leather & shoe care view all accessories outerwear classics zerøgrand view all outerwear men collections grandrevølution 2.zerøgrand zerøgrand grandprø øriginalgrand pinch work classics weatherproof vachetta trend party essentials best sellers shoes new shoes boots & chukkas dress shoes oxfords & monks loafers & drivers sneakers extended widths view all shoes bags & wallets bags wallets view all bags & wallets accessories belts socks scarves, gloves & hats sunglasses leather & shoe care view all accessories outerwear zerøgrand classics view all outerwear sale women's sale new markdowns shoes accessories jewelry outerwear zerøgrand pinch collection tali collection party essentials best sellers view all women's sale men's sale new markdowns shoes accessories outerwear grand shop pinch collection party essentials best sellers view all men's sale kids' sale final sale women's final sale men's final sale kids' final sale view all final sale grand shop women grandrevølution 2.zerøgrand zerøgrand øriginalgrand studiøgrand grandprø shop men grandrevølution 2.zerøgrand zerøgrand øriginalgrand grandprø explore revolutionary by design what the future feels like the art of elegant innovation proven on the mountain prepare for takeoff your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. privacy policy cole haan is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our web site. the following policy describes how cole haan collects, protects and uses information we receive from visitors to our web site. what information does cole haan collect and how does cole haan use it? when you register on our web site, we need you to provide your name, e-mail address, mailing address, day phone number and credit card information (when ordering products only), as well as create a username and password. this allows us to keep a user profile so that we may customize preferences for each specific user, as well as provide a faster method for users to submit information to cole haan, and receive back either the information or products desired. when you register, we also allow you the choice whether or not to submit your number, date of birth, and gender. this allows us to better know our visitors and possibly tailor any specific features, promotions, or other notifications to you. visitors will also be given a choice when registering whether they would like to be on cole haan's mailing list, or whether they would prefer to opt-out and not receive such mailings from cole haan. our web site contains an anonymous shopping feature whereby visitors who desire to purchase products can elect not to register. those who elect to purchase products without registering will be asked only for information necessary to process the transaction. information provided by anonymous shoppers will be retained only as necessary to process the transaction and maintain cole haan's sales records and will not be used for marketing purposes. when you enter a contest or other promotional feature, cole haan may again ask for your name, address, e-mail address, username and password so that we are able to better administer the contest and notify winners. we may also use the information we collect during the registration process to notify you about important functionality changes to the web site, new cole haan services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. if you would rather not receive this information, or would like to opt-out of any other information request or distribution, simply reply to any cole haan e-mail sent to you and type unsubscribe as the subject of your reply. we may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of cole haan, our customers, or the public. information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition.. how does cole haan protect visitor information? cole haan implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. user personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to such systems. when you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. all sensitive/credit information supplied by users is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into cole haan's databases to be only accessed as stated above. when you elect to store your credit card, your full credit card number is not visible to us. it is masked and used only to complete the transaction. does cole haan use "cookies"? yes. cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. these service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help cole haan conduct and improve its business. omniture is a third-party service provider that cole haan works with to help analyze and improve how visitors interact with our website and services. they use cookies to gather anonymous data about our visitors on cole haan's behalf. they do not collect personally identifiable information like email, credit card number, phone number, or name. if you would rather not take part in this ongoing research and analysis then please feel free to click here to opt out of omniture. google analytics we use a tool called “google analytics” to collect information about use of this site. google analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. we use the information we get from google analytics only to improve this site. google analytics collects only the ip address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. we do not combine the information collected through the use of google analytics with personally identifiable information. although google analytics plants a cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but google. google’s ability to use and share information collected by google analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the google analytics terms of use (as amended for government websites) and the google privacy policy. you can prevent google analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser. does cole haan disclose the information we collect from our visitors to outside parties? cole haan does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. the term "outside parties" does not include wholly-owned companies. it also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting cole haan's business, or servicing you as long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or other rights or safety. this information is also used to better understand visitors' use of cole haan's web site and to support related transactions made on the web site. however, this data in an aggregate form may be provided to other parties for marketing or advertising analysis, or other uses. cole haan may also use e-mail addresses and other personally identifiable information to contact visitors who communicate with us. for example, we direct e-mail to visitors who provide us with their e-mail addresses for specific purposes such as receiving our e-mail newsletters or being notified if they have won one of our contests. each e-mail newsletter always contains instructions on how to discontinue receipt of the newsletter. however, if a visitor at any time chooses to no longer receive such information and opt-out from any future mailings, they should simply reply to any cole haan e-mail sent to them and type unsubscribe as the subject of their reply. how does a visitor opt-out, remove, or modify information they have provided to cole haan? after gathering any user information, cole haan offers users the opportunity to remove their information from our database so as not to receive future communications or to no longer interact with the web site until they later choose to by e-mailing customerservice@colehaan.com and asking that their information be deleted. cole haan additionally provides users the opportunity to update and modify any information they have previously provided by e-mailing us at customerservice@colehaan.com and asking to update and/or modify the information previously provided. third party links in an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, cole haan may choose various third party web sites to link to from our own web site. however, even if the third party is affiliated with cole haan, cole haan has no control over these linked web sites which each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of cole haan. cole haan has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. these linked web sites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our web site and the links placed upon it and therefore we request feedback on not only our own web site, but for web sites we link to as well (including if a specific link does not work). your consent by using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by cole haan. if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. international users we collect, process and maintain your information in the united states, where privacy laws may not be as protective as in your home country. if you are using this web site from outside of the united states, by providing personal information to us you are consenting to the transfer of the information to the united states for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with this policy. protecting children's privacy. this site is not intended for the use of children under the age of 13. cole haan does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any children under 13 years of age except as permitted by law. feedback cole haan welcomes your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. please send us any and all feedback pertaining to this, or any other issue. terms and conditions? please also visit cole haan's terms and conditions establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of the entire cole haan web site. contact information this web site is operated by cole haan 150 ocean road greenland, new hampshire 03840 changes to our policy if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. this policy was last modified on july 29, 2013. sign up to receive 15% off your first order. * #colehaan about us cole haan brand find a store careers grand.os patents assistance order status shipping information holiday services global shipping returns & exchanges request a return repair services gift cards students teachers & grads contact us 1.800.695.8945 women new arrivals — shoes handbags accessories outerwear men new arrivals — shoes bags & wallets accessories outerwear sale women's sale men's sale kids' sale outlet women's outlet men's outlet clearance privacy policy terms of use faq supply chain site map cole haan, zerøgrand, original grand, grand.os, 2.zerøgrand, øgrand, zerøgrand stitchlite, genevieve, studiøgrand, pinch, the monogram and pinch designs, feel the future, and feel the revolution are trademarks of cole haan llc and its affiliates. © cole haan llc. all rights reserved everyoneeveryone-emploeeseveryone-mobileunregistered