来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171230072431/http://www.colehaan.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

cole haan - privacy policy free ground shipping over $150 | free 2-day over $250 free returns & exchanges free ground shipping over $150 | free returns + exchanges ▲ show navigation find a store sign in/register sign in to your cole haan account * * remember me sign in forgot your password? don't have a cole haan account? create an account now bag 0 skip to content search catalog search search catalog search women shoes new shoes boots & booties oxfords sneakers loafers & drivers ballet flats heels wedges sandals weatherproof extended widths view all shoes bags & accessories handbags wallets socks & tights sunglasses belts hats, gloves & scarves leather & shoe care outerwear classics grand collections zerøgrand grandexpløre 2.zerøgrand grandevølution grandrevølution grandprø studiøgrand øriginalgrand tali pinch cole haan collection the holiday edit $150 & under best sellers men shoes new shoes dress shoes oxfords & monks boots & chukkas loafers & drivers sneakers weatherproof extended widths view all shoes bags & accessories bags wallets belts socks hats, gloves & scarves leather & shoe care outerwear classics grand collections grandrevølution grandexpløre zerøgrand 2.zerøgrand grandevølution øriginalgrand grandprø grandmøtion pinch the holiday edit $150 & under best sellers sale women's sale new markdowns shoes bags & outerwear styles under $100 grand sale winter sale dress shoes men's sale new markdowns shoes bags & outerwear styles under $100 grand sale winter sale dress shoes clearance women's clearance men's clearance grand shop women studiøgrand grandprø grandevølution zerøgrand 2.zerøgrand øriginalgrand grandrevølution shop men grandmøtion grandevølution 2.zerøgrand zerøgrand øriginalgrand grandprø grandrevølution explore grandexpløre cole haan collection gift guide gifts for her gifts for him luxe gifts gifts under $200 gift cards find a store sign in / register order status gift cards customer service call us: 1-800-695-8945 contact us your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. this policy was last updated on may 21, 2017. privacy policy cole haan is committed to respecting the privacy rights of the visitors to our website. below describes our privacy policy. by visiting colehaan.com; using interactive features, using our cole haan app; or by providing information via a social media network, you are accepting the practices as described in this privacy policy. what personal information about customers does cole haan collect? the information we learn from customers helps us to better serve you as a customer. cole haan collects the following types of information. information you give us: we receive information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. most of such information is provided by you when you search, buy, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with our customer service. for example, you provide information when you search for a product on our website; place an order through colehaan.com or through any other online store operated by us; provide information by registering on our website; follow us on or post on social media, communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; provide and rate reviews; post on social media. as a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, email address, user name, password, birthday and phone numbers; credit card information; information of people to whom your purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number. automatic information: we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. for example, like many websites, we use cookies and clear gifs (web beacons) and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses colehaan.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of cole haan on other websites. examples of the information we collect and analyze include the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your device to the internet; device and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history. we may also use browser data such as cookies, flash cookies (also known as flash local shared objects), or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes. during some visits we may use software tools such as javascript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. we may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes. mobile app: when you download or use our cole haan native iphone or android app, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. we may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services. e-mail communications: cole haan may also use email addresses to contact visitors who communicate with us. for example, we send email to visitors who provide us with their email addresses for specific purposes such as receiving our email newsletters or being notified if they have won one of our contests. each email newsletter always contains instructions on how to discontinue receipt of the emails from cole haan. however, if a visitor at any time chooses to no longer receive such information and opt-out from any future mailings, they should simply reply to any cole haan e-mail sent to them and type unsubscribe as the subject of their reply, or change their email marketing preferences in their colehaan.com account if registered. we also use your email address for transactional purposes so that we can fulfil your order. information from other sources: we might receive information about you from other sources. examples of information we receive from other sources include personal information you have provide to third parties and for which you have given permission to transfer to third parties. registering and shopping on our website. when you register or shop on our website, we need you to provide your name, e-mail address, mailing address, day phone number and payment information (when ordering products only), as well as create a username and password. this allows us to keep a user profile so that we may customize preferences for each specific user, as well as provide a faster method for users to submit information to cole haan, and receive back either the information or products desired. we may also use the information we collect during the registration process to notify you about important functionality changes to the website, new cole haan services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. when you register, we also allow you the choice whether or not to submit your date of birth, and gender. this kind of information allows us to better know our visitors and possibly tailor any specific features, promotions, or other notifications to you. visitors will also be given a choice when registering whether they would like to be on cole haan's mailing list, or whether they would prefer to opt-out and not receive such mailings from cole haan. our website also contains an unregistered shopping feature whereby visitors who desire to purchase products can elect not to register. those who elect to purchase products without registering will be asked only for information necessary to process the transaction. does cole haan use "cookies"? as mentioned earlier, yes we do. cookies are small files that a site or its service providers transfer to your device through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. how does cole haan protect visitor information? cole haan implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. personal information is collected via secure pages, and contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of people who have special access rights to such systems. when you place orders or access your personal information, we use a secure server. all payment information supplied by users is transmitted and stored via industry standard technology and will only be accessed as stated above. when you elect to store your credit card, your full credit card number is not visible to us. it is masked and used only to complete the transaction. it is also important that you protect yourself against unauthorized access to your passwords and to your devices. if you choose to use a shared device, make sure you sign off when finished using such shared device. does cole haan share the information we collect from our visitors to outside parties? cole haan does not sell your personally identifiable information to outside parties unless we provide you with advance notice. we do share information as described below. third-party service providers: we use other companies and individuals to perform certain services on behalf of cole haan. examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, managing customer databases, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. they have access to the personal information that is needed to perform their functions. they are not allowed not use it for other purposes, nor share with other third parties who are not contractual partners of cole haan. protection of cole haan and others: we disclose account and other personal information when we need to comply with the law; enforce or apply our terms of use or other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of cole haan, our users, or others. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. with your consent: other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information how does a visitor opt-out, remove, or modify information they have provided to cole haan? after gathering any user information, cole haan offers users the opportunity to remove their information from our databases so as not to receive future communications or to no longer interact with the website until they later choose to by e-mailing customerservice@colehaan.com and asking that their information be removed from our database. cole haan additionally provides users the opportunity to update and modify any information they have previously provided by e-mailing us at customerservice@colehaan.com and asking to update and/or modify the information previously provided. third party links in an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, cole haan may choose various third party websites to link to from our own website. however, even if the third party is affiliated with cole haan, cole haan has no control over these linked websites which each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of cole haan. cole haan has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. these linked websites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and the links placed upon it and therefore we request feedback on not only our own website, but for websites we link to as well (including if a specific link does not work). terms of use, notices and revisions. if you choose to visit colehaan.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this privacy policy and our terms of use. cole haan also welcomes your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. please send us any and all feedback pertaining to this, or any other issue. our privacy policy and the terms of use may change in the future. we may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you. if you are a californian resident, you are entitled to know once a year what information, if any, we shared with outside parties and for what purposes. please request this information by contacting us at customerservice@colehaan.com. international users we collect, process and maintain your information in the united states, where privacy laws may not be as protective as in your home country. if you are using this website from outside of the united states, by providing personal information to us you are consenting to the transfer of the information to the united states for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with this policy. protecting children's privacy. this site is not intended for the use of children under the age of 13. cole haan does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any children under 13 years of age except as permitted by law. california privacy disclosures contact information this website is operated bycole haan llc150 ocean roadgreenland, new hampshire 03840 sign up to receive 10% off your first order. * #colehaan about us cole haan brand find a store careers grand.os patents international distributors assistance holiday services order status shipping information global shipping returns & exchanges request a return repair services gift cards students teachers & grads military discount contact us 1.800.695.8945 women new arrivals — shoes bags & accessories outerwear men new arrivals — shoes bags & accessories outerwear sale women's sale men's sale privacy policy terms of use faq supply chain site map cole haan, zerøgrand, original grand, grand.os, 2.zerøgrand, øgrand, stitchlite, genevieve, studiøgrand, pinch, the monogram and pinch designs, feel the future, and feel the revolution are trademarks of cole haan llc and its affiliates. ©2017 cole haan llc. all rights reserved desktopvieweveryoneeveryone-emploeeseveryone-mobileunregistered