来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171230072431/http://www.colehaan.com/terms-of-use.html
================================================================================

terms & conditions | cole haan free ground shipping over $150 | free 2-day over $250 free returns & exchanges free ground shipping over $150 | free returns + exchanges ▲ show navigation find a store sign in/register sign in to your cole haan account * * remember me sign in forgot your password? don't have a cole haan account? create an account now bag 0 skip to content search catalog search search catalog search women shoes new shoes boots & booties oxfords sneakers loafers & drivers ballet flats heels wedges sandals weatherproof extended widths view all shoes bags & accessories handbags wallets socks & tights sunglasses belts hats, gloves & scarves leather & shoe care outerwear classics grand collections zerøgrand grandexpløre 2.zerøgrand grandevølution grandrevølution grandprø studiøgrand øriginalgrand tali pinch cole haan collection the holiday edit $150 & under best sellers men shoes new shoes dress shoes oxfords & monks boots & chukkas loafers & drivers sneakers weatherproof extended widths view all shoes bags & accessories bags wallets belts socks hats, gloves & scarves leather & shoe care outerwear classics grand collections grandrevølution grandexpløre zerøgrand 2.zerøgrand grandevølution øriginalgrand grandprø grandmøtion pinch the holiday edit $150 & under best sellers sale women's sale new markdowns shoes bags & outerwear styles under $100 grand sale winter sale dress shoes men's sale new markdowns shoes bags & outerwear styles under $100 grand sale winter sale dress shoes clearance women's clearance men's clearance grand shop women studiøgrand grandprø grandevølution zerøgrand 2.zerøgrand øriginalgrand grandrevølution shop men grandmøtion grandevølution 2.zerøgrand zerøgrand øriginalgrand grandprø grandrevølution explore grandexpløre cole haan collection gift guide gifts for her gifts for him luxe gifts gifts under $200 gift cards find a store sign in / register order status gift cards customer service call us: 1-800-695-8945 contact us your browser's javascript functionality is turned off. please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site. cole haan terms & conditions please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this web site. by accessing this web site ("web site"), you accept without limitation or qualification, and agree to be bound and abide by, the following terms and conditions ("terms of use"). cole haan may revise and update these terms of use from time to time in its sole discretion. your continued use of this web site following the posting of revised terms of use means that you accept and agree to any and all changes to the terms of use. if you do not agree to the terms of use, please do not use this web site. term and termination these terms of use are applicable to you upon your accessing the web site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms of use, or any of them, may be terminated by cole haan without notice at any time for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, and miscellaneous, shall survive any termination. notice cole haan may deliver notice to you by means of electronic mail, a general notice on the web site, or by written communication delivered by first class u.s. mail to your address on record in cole haan's account information. typographical errors in the event a cole haan product is unintentionally listed on the web site at an incorrect price due to typographical error, an error in pricing information received from our suppliers, or any other reason, cole haan shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. cole haan shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, cole haan shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. miscellaneous your use of this web site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of new hampshire, u.s.a., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. specifically, this agreement shall be subject to new hampshire revised statutes annotated section 382-a et. seq. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this web site and/or the terms of use (including but not limited to the purchase of cole haan products) shall be in the state courts located in rockingham county, new hampshire, or in the united states district court for the district of new hampshire. cole haan's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms of use shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms of use. cole haan may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. use of web site harassment in any manner or form on the web site, including via e-mail and chat or by obscene or abusive language is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including a cole haan or other licensed employee, host, or representative as well as other members or visitors on the web site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the web site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on the web site or use the web site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization. copyright the entire content included in the web site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of cole haan. the collective work includes works that are licensed to cole haan. copyright 2016. all rights reserved. permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this web site for the sole purpose of placing an order with cole haan or purchasing cole haan products. you may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the web site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with cole haan or to purchase cole haan products. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this web site is strictly prohibited. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the web site. participation disclaimer cole haan does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the web site and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. you acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user generated content on the web site, cole haan is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the web site. however, cole haan reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of another, or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to cole haan at its sole discretion. third party links in an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, cole haan may choose various third party web sites to link to from our own web site. however, even if the third party is affiliated with cole haan, cole haan has no control over these linked web sites, which each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of cole haan. cole haan has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. these linked web sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our web site and the links placed upon it and therefore we request feedback on not only our own web site, but for web sites we link to as well (including if a specific link does not work). trademarks all trademarks, service marks and trade names of cole haan used herein (including but not limited to the cole haan word trademark, the composite cole haan and needle and thread trademark, the cole haan needle and thread crest trademark, and the cole haan monogram trademark) are trademarks or registered trademarks of cole haan. personal information submitted through the sites your submission of personal information through the sites is governed by our privacy policy, which can be reached by clicking on the "privacy policy" link located in the footer section of the sites (the "privacy policy"). this agreement incorporates by reference the terms and conditions of the privacy policy. disclaimer this web site and the materials and products in this web site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, cole haan disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. cole haan does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the web site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this web site or the server that makes the web site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. cole haan does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this web site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. the above limitations may not apply to you. cole haan terms & conditions please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using this web site. by accessing this web site ("web site"), you accept without limitation or qualification, and agree to be bound and abide by, the following terms and conditions ("terms of use"). cole haan may revise and update these terms of use from time to time in its sole discretion. your continued use of this web site following the posting of revised terms of use means that you accept and agree to any and all changes to the terms of use. if you do not agree to the terms of use, please do not use this web site. term and termination these terms of use are applicable to you upon your accessing the web site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. these terms of use, or any of them, may be terminated by cole haan without notice at any time for any reason. the provisions relating to copyrights, trademark, disclaimer, and miscellaneous, shall survive any termination. notice cole haan may deliver notice to you by means of electronic mail, a general notice on the web site, or by written communication delivered by first class u.s. mail to your address on record in cole haan's account information. typographical errors in the event a cole haan product is unintentionally listed on the web site at an incorrect price due to typographical error, an error in pricing information received from our suppliers, or any other reason, cole haan shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. cole haan shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, cole haan shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. miscellaneous your use of this web site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of new hampshire, u.s.a., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 u.n. convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. specifically, this agreement shall be subject to new hampshire revised statutes annotated section 382-a et. seq. you agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this web site and/or the terms of use (including but not limited to the purchase of cole haan products) shall be in the state courts located in rockingham county, new hampshire, or in the united states district court for the district of new hampshire. cole haan's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms of use shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms of use. cole haan may assign its rights and duties under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. use of web site harassment in any manner or form on the web site, including via e-mail and chat or by obscene or abusive language is strictly forbidden. impersonation of others, including a cole haan or other licensed employee, host, or representative as well as other members or visitors on the web site is prohibited. you may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the web site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. you may not upload commercial content on the web site or use the web site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization. copyright the entire content included in the web site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the united states and other copyright laws, and is the property of cole haan. the collective work includes works that are licensed to cole haan. copyright 2016. all rights reserved. permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this web site for the sole purpose of placing an order with cole haan or purchasing cole haan products. you may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the web site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with cole haan or to purchase cole haan products. any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this web site is strictly prohibited. you further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the web site. participation disclaimer cole haan does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the web site and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. you acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user generated content on the web site, cole haan is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the web site. however, cole haan reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of another, or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to cole haan at its sole discretion. third party links in an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, cole haan may choose various third party web sites to link to from our own web site. however, even if the third party is affiliated with cole haan, cole haan has no control over these linked web sites, which each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of cole haan. cole haan has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. these linked web sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our web site and the links placed upon it and therefore we request feedback on not only our own web site, but for web sites we link to as well (including if a specific link does not work). trademarks all trademarks, service marks and trade names of cole haan used herein (including but not limited to the cole haan word trademark, the composite cole haan and needle and thread trademark, the cole haan needle and thread crest trademark, and the cole haan monogram trademark) are trademarks or registered trademarks of cole haan. personal information submitted through the sites your submission of personal information through the sites is governed by our privacy policy, which can be reached by clicking on the "privacy policy" link located in the footer section of the sites (the "privacy policy"). this agreement incorporates by reference the terms and conditions of the privacy policy. disclaimer this web site and the materials and products in this web site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, cole haan disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. cole haan does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the web site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this web site or the server that makes the web site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. cole haan does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this web site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. the above limitations may not apply to you. sign up to receive 10% off your first order. * #colehaan about us cole haan brand find a store careers grand.os patents international distributors assistance holiday services order status shipping information global shipping returns & exchanges request a return repair services gift cards students teachers & grads military discount contact us 1.800.695.8945 women new arrivals — shoes bags & accessories outerwear men new arrivals — shoes bags & accessories outerwear sale women's sale men's sale privacy policy terms of use faq supply chain site map cole haan, zerøgrand, original grand, grand.os, 2.zerøgrand, øgrand, stitchlite, genevieve, studiøgrand, pinch, the monogram and pinch designs, feel the future, and feel the revolution are trademarks of cole haan llc and its affiliates. ©2017 cole haan llc. all rights reserved customerapp_group_mobile_nosrceveryoneeveryone-emploeesmobilemobileviewunregisteredmobile