来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20211231175354/https://www.colehaan.com/privacy-policy.html
================================================================================

privacy policy | cole haan members get free shipping. always. join us for free. × due to the surging demand for deliveries this year, shipping carriers are experiencing unprecedented nationwide delays. we recommend shopping early to ensure your packages arrive in time for the holidays-and we thank you for your patience. stores join/sign in my account my orders sign out what's new women's gift guide new arrivals best sellers boots & booties weather ready back to work men's gift guide new arrivals best sellers boots & chukkas weather ready back to work shop women shop men women shoes boots & booties sneakers flats & slip-ons oxfords loafers heels & wedges running tennis golf view all shoes sale collections grand ambition grandprø zerøgrand performance cloudfeel men shoes boots & chukkas oxfords sneakers loafers & drivers dress shoes running tennis golf extended sizes & widths view all shoes sale collections grand ambition zerøgrand grandprø performance bags & accessories women's accessories outerwear hats, gloves & scarves socks sunglasses leather & shoe care view all accessories sale women's bags & wallets bags & backpacks wallets & card cases view all bags & wallets sale men's accessories outerwear belts hats, gloves & scarves socks sunglasses leather & shoe care view all accessories sale men's bags & wallets bags & backpacks wallets view all bags & wallets sale above & beyond above & beyond journal membership collaborations #writenewrules main menu what's new women's gift guide new arrivals best sellers boots & booties weather ready back to work men's gift guide new arrivals best sellers boots & chukkas weather ready back to work shop women shop men women shoes boots & booties sneakers flats & slip-ons oxfords loafers heels & wedges running tennis golf view all shoes sale collections grand ambition grandprø zerøgrand performance cloudfeel men shoes boots & chukkas oxfords sneakers loafers & drivers dress shoes running tennis golf extended sizes & widths view all shoes sale collections grand ambition zerøgrand grandprø performance bags & accessories women's accessories outerwear hats, gloves & scarves socks sunglasses leather & shoe care view all accessories sale women's bags & wallets bags & backpacks wallets & card cases view all bags & wallets sale men's accessories outerwear belts hats, gloves & scarves socks sunglasses leather & shoe care view all accessories sale men's bags & wallets bags & backpacks wallets view all bags & wallets sale above & beyond above & beyond journal membership collaborations #writenewrules shipping to: popular searches boots zerogrand grandpro tennis sneaker 0 0 checkout ☰ popular searches boots zerogrand grandpro tennis sneaker menu services track an order start a return buy & redeem gift cards schedule shoe repairs global shipping helpful info faqs size guide shipping information returns & exchanges find a store international distributors holiday services gift card faqs and policies about us grandshøp collaborations above & beyond careers programs & offers students & teachers military legal privacy policy ccpa request cookie declaration terms trademarks & patents supply chain site map privacy policy last updated:15 march 2020 25 june 2020 (minor revision, ccpa related) cole haan is committed to respecting the privacy rights of the visitors to our website and stores and of everyone else we interact with. below describes our privacy policy. looking after the personal data you share with us is an important part of this. we want you to be confident that your data is safe and secure with us, and that you understand how we use it. we share information as described below. we will inform you about material updates of this privacy policy by e-mail and/or via our website. 1. what this privacy policy covers this privacy policy covers the interactions we have with our customers and potential customers. we interact with our customers and potential customers via our website, via marketing tools, our stores and social media. the data controller (who determines the purpose and way your personal data is used) is cole haan llc (referred to in this privacy policy as “we” or “us”). we use third parties to process data on our behalf (referred to in this privacy policy as “data processors”). further details of the parties with whom we share your data are set out below. we are committed to doing the right thing when it comes to how we collect, use and protect your personal data. that’s why we’ve developed this privacy policy and a cookie declaration, which: sets out the different ways you interact with us and the types of personal data that we collect; explains the reasons why we use the data we collect; explains when and why we will share personal data within cole haan and with other organizations; and explains the rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data. this privacy policy applies to you when you interact with us. the different ways you interact with us are further described in this privacy policy. if you reside in the european union, please see the “eu privacy rights” section below. if you reside in california, please see the “california privacy rights” section below. these sections provide information regarding the rights afforded to residents of these jurisdictions under law and the mechanisms under which these residents may exercise their rights. any terms used in the “california privacy rights” section have the same meaning as defined in cal. civ. code section 1798.140 and do not have any other meaning as may be prescribed elsewhere in this privacy policy. our website may contain links to other websites operated by other organizations that have their own privacy policies. please make sure you read the terms and conditions and privacy policy carefully before providing any personal data on a website as we do not accept any responsibility or liability for websites of other organizations. 2. definitions of types of data used in this privacy policy "personal data" means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. it does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). types of personal data in this section we have defined the different types of personal data: contact data: this is information that details how we can contact you, so your address, email or telephone number. feedback data: this is information collected about you as a user of our stores, products and services more generally (compared to other types of data that relate to you directly for us to deliver our products to you). this may include where you engage with cole haan in a survey, via social media, provide feedback on your shopping experience or our products and services. financial data: this is information about your bank account and payment card details or other payment account details such as details regarding your applepay or paypal account. identity data: this is information that helps us identify who you are, so your name, title, gender, certain preferences, or order number. pseudonymized data: data that is gathered in a form whereby data that identifies an individual is removed or replaced by non-identifying information such as an id number or reference number. special category data this is special information that applicable privacy laws determine to be more sensitive (sometimes it is referred to as sensitive personal data) and it needs more protection. for example, racial or ethnic origin, health related information, or religious beliefs or union membership. cole haan does not collect such data. should we collect sensitive personal data in our interactions with you, this will be done with your consent and its use made clear to you. technical data: this is information about your device used to access our website and how you interact with our products and services. this could be information that identifies your device, its operating system, internet address, your login data; browser and plug- ins; geo-location; or behavioral data such as browsing history, time spend on website and conversion rates. this allows us to create an analysis of you as a consumer to better judge what products and services to offer. if you use our in-store wifi we will collect information about where and when you accessed our network; this is done via the use of cookies and other techniques which is covered elsewhere in this privacy policy and our cookie declaration transaction data: this is information about your purchase of a product or service from us. this includes when, where, what and how you purchased that item or service. it will also include where we sent that product or service and any other benefits collected as part of the transaction. 3. definitions of types of data recipients used in this privacy policy as mentioned above we use third parties to process personal data on our behalf (“data recipients”). in this section we have defined the categories of data recipients who receive the personal data from us in order to provide their services. separate data privacy policies and cookie notices might apply, and these data recipients might provide your personal data to other parties, but these other parties are required to protect the data in accordance with applicable data protection laws and they may only use it for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. types of data recipients it providers: we use several third parties who provide it solutions and/or services who enable us to operate our it infrastructure. we need our it infrastructure to operate our business. logistic providers: we use several third parties who provide logistical solutions and/or services who enable us to provide customer contact services, to deliver or take back products you purchased via our website via our stores. marketing providers: we use several third parties who provide us solutions and/or services to help us market and promote our products and services. analytic providers: we use several third parties who provide us solutions and/or services to better understand our customers and visitors of our website, to better understand our competition and to better market our products and services, but also to help us prevent misuse of the website. payment providers (pp): if you purchase our products via our website in our stores your payment is processed via a pp. a pp company that offers us services for accepting electronic payments by a variety of payment methods including credit card, bank-based payments such as direct debit, bank transfer, and real-time bank transfer based on online banking. a pp allows us to accept a wide variety of payments through a single channel. the pp works with acquiring banks (payment processors) to manage the entire transaction process from start to finish and as such they are an independent data controller. fraud detecting companies: in order to prevent fraud, we use third parties who have their own data bases and as such they are an independent data controller containing personal data. social media: we use social media networks who provide us solutions and/or services to help us market and promote our products and services. all data recipients with whom we share your personal data are required to protect it in accordance with applicable data protection laws and they may only use it for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. 4. when we interact with you and collect personal data when you sign-up for our emails in order to receive our e-mails, you will provide us your name and email address. you can sign-up at any time, for example while purchasing online or in our stores, while using the website or during other interactions with us. we collect: contact data and identity data. for which purpose you have given your consent by signing up. you can withdraw your consent at any time by following the process set out in section 13 below. purpose and legal basis: we collect and process the personal data to market our products and services. data sharing: we use it providers, marketing providers and analytic providers. when you become a member via our website in order to become a member (creating an account), you will provide us your name, email address and you create a password. you can also opt in to receive our e-mails. to further complete your profile, you can provide additional personal information and certain preferences. we collect: contact data and identity data. purpose and legal basis: we collect and process the personal data to market our products and services, for customer analysis and personalization of website and marketing. for which purpose you have given your consent by signing up. you can withdraw your consent at any time by following the process set out in section 13 below. data sharing: we use it providers, marketing providers and analytic providers. when you browse our website if you browse our website, we wish to learn more about your preferences. we may collect: identity data, technical data, feedback data and pseudonymized data. purpose and legal basis: we collect technical data, feedback data and pseudonymized data in order to market our products and services; and to understand who is visiting our website to understand the browse behavior of our customers and visitors. this is necessary for our legitimate interest of growing our business and marketing our products or for which you have given your consent by using our website or for which you have given your consent via cookiebot if you are visiting our website out of europe. data sharing: we use it providers, marketing providers and analytic providers. when you shop with us online or place an order via customer service if you place an order, we will need to have personal information in order to process your order and payment. we will collect: identity data, contact data, financial data, transaction data, technical data, feedback data and pseudonymized data. purpose and legal basis: we collect and process the identity data, contact data, financial data and transaction data in order to process your order and payment. our legal basis for doing this is that it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you. global-e: if your purchase our products via our website while not being located in the united states and/or if you want our products to be shipped outside the united states, we use global-e, inc for the fulfilment of those such orders. the actual purchase will be made via global-e and we function as a data recipient for fulfilling the order. global-e has its own privacy policy that will apply. shoprunner: if you choose to check-out via shoprunner, in order to get the 2-day shipping, you must sign-up for shoprunner. shoprunner has its own privacy policy that will apply. we may share your transaction data with shoprunner. if you have given consent to receive our marketing emails, we will also use your contact data to send you marketing communications. our legal basis for doing this is your consent. you can withdraw your consent at any time by following the process set out in section 13 below. data sharing: we use it providers, marketing providers, analytic providers, payment providers, fraud detecting companies and logistic providers. when you contact us regarding your order or products or services in general or when you have a complaint or wish to return a product. in order to help you with your order inquiries or if you wish to return a product we will need to have personal data in order to help you in the best possible way. we may collect: identity data, contact data, transaction data. purpose and legal basis: if you have contacted us about returning a product, we will use the personal data to process (return) orders and payments. our legal basis for doing this is that it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you. if you have contacted us about any other query or inquiry, we will use the personal data you provide in order to respond to that query or inquiry. our legal basis for doing this is that it is necessary for our legitimate interest of assisting our customers and responding to their complaints. data sharing: we use it providers, payment providers and logistic providers. when you take part in promotions, competitions, surveys or reviews about our products if you participate in competitions or review our products online, or use “refer a friend”, you will leave personal data. either because we need to be able to contact you or because you want it to become known to the public. we may collect: identity data, contact data, technical data and feedback data. purpose and legal basis: we collect and process the personal data in order to process your participation in the competition. our legal basis for doing this is that it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you. we collect and process the personal data to market our products and services, for customer analysis and personalization of website and marketing. for which purpose you have given your consent by signing up for the competition. data sharing: we use it providers, marketing provider, analytic providers. when you follow us on social media if you follow us on social media, like our posts, share our posts, post on our pages you will leave personal data. we may collect: identity data, contact data and technical data and feedback data. purpose and legal basis: we collect and process the personal data to market our products and services, for customer analysis and personalization of website and marketing. these social media companies may share data in accordance with their terms and conditions. for which purpose you have given your consent via your social media account and we have a legitimate interest. data sharing: we use marketing service provider, analytic service providers. when you visit our stores if you visit our stores you may provide your personal data by paying for a product, returning a product, or signing up for receiving e-mails. you may have certain inquiries we need to follow-up on. we may collect: identity data, contact data financial data and transaction data. purpose and legal basis: we collect and process the personal data in order to process your order and payment. our legal basis for doing this is that it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you. if you have contacted us about any other query or inquiry, we will use the personal data in order to respond to that query or inquiry. our legal basis for doing this is that it is necessary for our legitimate interest of assisting our customers. we collect and process the personal data to market our products and services, for customer analysis and personalization of website and marketing. for which purpose you have given your consent by signing up. you can withdraw your consent at any time by following the process set out in section 13 below. data sharing: we use it providers, marketing providers, payment providers and fraud detecting companies 5. other sources of personal data we may also use personal data from other sources, such as specialist companies that supply information, such as data brokers or data intelligence companies, and from third parties for whom we act as data processer. examples of information we receive from other sources include personal data you have provided to third parties and for which you have given permission to transfer to third parties. for example, this other personal data helps us to: review and improve the accuracy of the data we hold; improve and measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, including online advertising. 6. sharing personal data with other organizations apart from sharing personal data with the data recipients specified above, we might also share personal data with other organizations in the following circumstances: within the cole haan group (cole haan llc, cole haan company store llc and cole haan international b.v.) where this is necessary for our internal processing purposes; in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business; when we are required to disclose personal data to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our website terms of use or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or as you may otherwise consent from time to time. 7. how we protect your personal data we know how important it is to protect and manage your personal data. this section sets out some of the measures we have in place. we apply physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personal data; we protect the security of your information while it is being transmitted by encrypting it; we use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption to keep data safe; we only authorize access to employees and trusted partners who need it to carry out their responsibilities; we regularly monitor our systems for vulnerabilities and attacks, and we carry out penetration testing to identify ways to further strengthen security; we will ask for proof of identity before we share your personal data with you; and we will reveal only the last four digits of your payment card number when confirming an order. while we take appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard your personal data, it is important that you keep your login details and devices protected from unauthorized access. 8. how long we use personal data your personal information is stored by us and/or our service providers for as long as necessary to fulfill the specific purposes described herein and to the extent permitted by applicable laws. when we no longer have a legitimate business purpose for your personal information, or when you request that we delete your personal information (except where we need to retain it in order to comply with a legal obligation or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims), we will remove such information from our systems and records, which includes taking steps to anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it. 9. cookies and similar technologies we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies, such as tags and pixels (“cookies”), to personalize and improve your customer experience as you use our website and to provide you with relevant online advertising. we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. please see our cookie declaration. if you’re residing in europe please see section 14. your browser settings you can use your browser settings to delete existing cookies. you can also set your browser to notify you each time new cookies are placed on your computer or other device. you can find more detailed information about how you can manage cookies through your browser’s help function. if you choose to disable some or all cookies, you may not be able to make full use of our websites. for example, you may not be able to add items to your shopping basket, proceed to checkout, or use any of our products and services that require you to sign in. 10. third party links to provide increased value to you while visiting our website, we may choose various third-party websites to link to from our own website. once you are visiting a third-party website, separate data privacy policies and cookie notices might apply, and these data controllers might collect and process your personal data and provide it to other parties for reasons other than those set out in the privacy policy. we have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and the links placed upon it and therefore we request feedback on not only our own website, but for websites we link to as well (including if a specific link does not work). we haveshow the following third partie son our website: my shoe hospital: if you wish to have your shoes repaired, we offer you to use my shoe hospital. these services are operated by travis county shoe hospital, inc. affirm: when you check-out your shopping cart we provide you the option to pay via affirm. this consumer financing service is offered and operated by affirm, inc. 11. automated decision-making tools we use automated decision-making tools or processes in order to prevent misuse of our website and to prevent fraud when you purchase via our website. this may lead to a refusal of the transaction. should you not agree with this refusal, please contact our customer service department. 12. protecting children's privacy this site is not intended for the use of children under the age of 16. cole haan does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any children under 16 years of age. if you learn that a child has provided us with personal data, then you may contact us as indicated above. 13. how to unsubscribe to email if you at any time choose to no longer receive mailings from us and wish to opt-out from any future mailings, you can unsubscribe via the link at the bottom of the e-mail. alternatively, you can change your email marketing preferences in your colehaan.com account if you are registered. in our stores and via our customer service department you can opt out for e-mail, phone contact and direct mail. it will take up to 24 hours make an opt out effective. we will remain using your e-mail address for other purposes for which we are not relying on your consent, for example, where we need it in order to fulfil an order. 14. eu privacy rights international transfers cole haan is based in the united states and all of the data we collect is processed in the united states. note that, by providing your personal data to us, you acknowledge that your data will be processed outside the eea. most of the third parties with whom we share personal data of european residents on are based outside the eea. the countries where your data may be transferred to are set out below: should we transfer your data out of the eea, we will ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented: we may transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the european commission. for further details, see european commission: adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-eu countries. where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the european commission which give personal data the same protection it has in europe. for further details, see european commission: model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries. where we use providers based in the us, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the privacy shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between europe and the us. for further details, see european commission: eu-us privacy shield. please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your data out of the eea. cookies we use cookiebot in order to get your approval for using cookies and to help you manage the acceptance and non-acceptance of cookies. consents you have given via cookiebot can be withdrawn again via cookiebot. you can find more information on how we use cookies on the cookie declaration page. you can also withdraw your consent on this page. what are your rights and how can you exercise them under articles 15 to 22 of the gdpr, data subjects are entitled to exercise certain rights in relation to the personal data that cole haan holds about them (known as a “data subject request” or “dsr”). under the gdpr and applicable data protection laws in the eu/eea countries, you have the rights listed and explained below, subject to certain limitations in individual cases. we need to confirm your identity before we can handle your requests. when we refuse your request for legal reasons, we will tell you why. for all inquiries concerning your privacy and personal data, please submit a request at this link: gdpr request. we will verify the eu resident’s identity before complying with any such request. we will require you to provide certain information about you and/or your account with us and you will have to declare that are who you claim to be. get a copy of your personal data you have the right to obtain a copy of your personal data, if it does not have negative effect on other people. access to information about your personal data you have the right to know whether or not we use your personal data, as well as the following information: a) why we have your personal data; b) what categories of data we have; c) what we do with your personal data; d) who has access to your personal data (and where they are); e) where your personal data might be transferred to; f) how long we are keeping your personal data; g) if you didn’t provide your personal data directly to us, how did we get them; h) your rights under applicable laws and the possibility to restrict processing; and i) if we use your personal data for any automated decision-making; and j) in some cases, you have the right to know how our automated decision-making works, if the decision significantly affects you. make sure your personal data are correct you have the right to make sure we are using accurate details about you. delete your personal data you have the right to ask us to delete your personal data. restrict how we use your personal data you have the right to ask us to stop doing certain things to your personal data when: a) you don’t think we are using the right personal data; b) you don't want us to delete your personal data, but you also don't think we are complying with the law; c) you want to make a legal complaint against us, but we want to delete the data; or d) you challenge our explanation of our use based on a "legitimate interest". when you successfully restrict how we use your personal data, we will only use your personal data with your consent, or unless it is required by law. obtain a portable file so you can share it with another company you have the right to obtain a portable file that contains the personal data you provided to us where the legal basis is either consent or the performance of contract and the processing is carried out by automated means. withdraw your consent when we use your personal data based on your consent, you have the right to change your mind and withdraw your consent at any time. object when we process your personal data based on “legitimate interest” when we process your personal data based on “legitimate interest” as specified in this privacy notice, you may have the right to disagree and stop us from processing your personal data for this purpose. we may have compelling reasons, though, to continue processing your personal data even in the light of your objection. in such cases we will provide you with our rationale. we will respect and implement your objection in any case where it is related to direct marketing purposes. challenge the decision generated by our automated decision-making process when we use automated decision-making tools or processes that lead to an outcome which produces a legal or other significant effect, you may have the right to understand the logic involved, the significance and possible consequences of this process. you may also have the right to request human intervention, especially when this is used to conclude a contract with us. you can challenge our decision by expressing your opinion. file a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority if you are not happy with how we have handled your personal data, or how we have responded to your rights provided here, you have the right to make a complaint against us with your local data protection supervisory authority in the country where you live, work or where the infringement took place. cole haan international b.v. herengracht 576 1017 cj amsterdam privacy@colehaan.com 15. california privacy rights california law requires certain businesses to disclose information regarding the rights of california residents pursuant to the california consumer privacy act (the “ccpa). all terms used in this section have the same meaning as defined in cal. civ. code section 1798.140 and do not have not any other meaning as may be prescribed elsewhere in this privacy policy. california resident may request that we disclose to them the following information covering the preceding 12 months: the categories of personal information we have collected about them; the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information; the categories of third parties with which we share personal information; the categories of personal information about them that we have sold and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold; the categories of personal information about them that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was disclosed; the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them. a california resident may request the disclosure of the information listed above by calling 1-800-695-8945 or submitting a request at this link on colehaan.com – ccpa request. such a request may be referred to as a right to know request. pursuant to california law, we will verify the california resident’s identity before complying with any such request. in case of an online request we will require you to provide certain information about you and/or your account with us and you will have to declare that are who you claim to be. in case of a telephonic request we will require you to provide certain information about you and/or your account with us. a california resident has the right to request that we delete any personal information about the california resident that we have collected from the california resident, and that we direct any service provider to delete the california resident’s personal information from its records. such a request may be referred to as a request to delete. however, pursuant to the ccpa, a california resident’s information may not be deleted under certain circumstances, including where maintenance of their personal information is necessary to: complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, to provide a good or service that they requested or that is reasonably anticipated within the context of their ongoing business relationship with us, or to otherwise perform a contract between us and them; to detect security incidents, protect against or prosecute fraudulent or illegal activity; to enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with their expectations based on their relationship with us; to comply with a legal obligation; or to otherwise use their information internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which they provided the information. for more information about these and other situations in which we may not delete a california resident’s personal information, please see cal. civ. code section 1798.105(d). a california resident may request the deletion of information collected from the california resident by calling 1-800-695-8945 or submitting a request at this link on colehaan.com – ccpa request. before deleting a california resident’s personal information, we will verify their identity, as required by the ccpa. in case of an online request we will require you to provide certain information about you and/or your account with us and you will have to declare that are who you claim to be. in case of a telephonic request we will require you to provide certain information about you and/or your account with us. a california resident may use an authorized agent to submit a right to know request or a request to delete. to use an authorized agent, the california resident must provide the agent with written authorization. in addition, the california resident may be required to verify their own identity with us. we may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the california resident to act on their behalf. such requirements, however, will not apply where a california resident has provided the agent with power of attorney pursuant to cal. prob. code section 4000 to 4465. california residents have the right to direct us to not sell their personal information ccpa request. we will not discriminate against a california resident because the california resident exercised any of their rights under the ccpa, including, but not limited to, by: denying goods or services to the california resident; charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the california resident; suggesting that the california resident will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. however, we may charge a california resident a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by that resident’s data. in addition, we may offer financial incentives, including payments to california residents as compensation, for the collection of personal information, the sale of personal information, or the deletion of personal information. we may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to the california resident if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to us by that resident’s data. we will notify california residents of such financial incentives. we will enter a california resident into a financial incentive program only if the california resident gives us prior opt in consent which clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program, and which may be revoked by the california resident at any time. we will not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature. in the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information about california residents from the following sources and for the following purposes. the ccpa requires that we reference specific categories of personal information enumerated in the ccpa. we may collect only certain pieces of personal information described in a given category and may not collect certain pieces of personal information described in each category. category of personal information collected category of source of collection business or commercial purpose of collection identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. our customers, users of our website, registered users (members), joint marketing partners, social network information, data intelligence companies, data brokers, as well as other third parties to whom our customers have given their personal data. to fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. for example, if you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. we may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns. to provide, support, personalize, and develop our website, products, and services. to create, maintain, customize, and secure your account/membership with us. to process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud. to provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses. to personalize your website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our websites, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law). to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business. for testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our websites, products, and services. to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations. as described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the ccpa. categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of cal. civ. code section 1798.80. our customers, users of our website, registered users, joint marketing partners, social network information, data intelligence companies, data brokers, as well as other third parties to whom our customers have given their personal data. same as above commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies our customers, users of our website, registered users, joint marketing partners, social network information, data intelligence companies, data brokers, as well as other third parties to whom our customers have given their personal data. to personalize your website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our websites, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law). internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement our customers, users of our website, registered users, joint marketing partners, social network information, data intelligence companies, data brokers, as well as other third parties to whom our customers have given their personal data. to personalize your website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our websites, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law). to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business. for testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our websites, products, and services. inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. our customers, users of our website, registered users, joint marketing partners, social network information, data intelligence companies, data brokers, as well as other third parties to whom our customers have given their personal data. to personalize your website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our websites, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law). to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business. for testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our websites, products, and services. in the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of personal information about california residents to the following categories of third parties (to the extent the disclosure was made to a third party). category of personal information disclosed for a business purpose category of third party to which personal information disclosed, to the extent disclosed to a third party identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, , or other similar identifiers. it providers, logistical providers, marketing providers, analytical providers, payment providers, fraud detecting companies, social media. categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of cal. civ. code section 1798.80. it providers, logistical providers, marketing providers, analytical providers, payment providers, fraud detecting companies, social media. commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies it providers, marketing providers, analytical providers, fraud detecting companies. social media. internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement it providers, marketing providers, analytical providers, fraud detecting companies, social media. inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. it providers, marketing providers, analytical providers, fraud detecting companies, social media. we partner with rakuten advertising, who may collect personal information when you interact with our site. the collection and use of this information is subject to the privacy policy located here: rakuten’s privacy policy: https://rakutenmarketing.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/ to submit an opt-out request: https://rakutenmarketing.com/legal-notices/subject-requests/ 16. how to contact us if you have any queries regarding this privacy policy or complaints about our use of your data, please contact us at privacy@colehaan.com or at the address or phone number below and we will do our best to deal with your complaint or query as soon as possible. mail: cole haan llc attn: data protection officer 150 ocean road greenland, nh 03840 phone: 1-800-695-8945 17. direct mail by post within the us we sometimes send direct mail by post when we have your address. when we don’t have your address you still may receive mail from us. in those cases, we have used a third company, who will have your address and who will only use that address if they are allowed to do so. we will not receive any personal data from such third parties. if you no longer wish to receive mail from us, please contact our customer services department. 18. do-not-track our website does not comply with federal do-not-track legislation because we do not believe it accurately reflects the desires of our users. stay connected get the latest product launches, events and exclusive offers by entering your email. sign up please enter your email address thanks for signing up! by signing up i agree to receive e-mails from cole haan and i accept the privacy policy. contact us let us help you find what you're looking for and get you what you need. 1.800.695.894524 hours / 7 days a week email uscustomerservice@colehaan.com chat with us8am - 11pm et / 7 days a week customer care track an order shipping information global shipping returns & exchanges faqs size guide start a return schedule shoe repairs gift cards find a store international distributors holiday services guide about us above & beyond grandshøp careers #colehaanallday programs & offers membership students & teachers military privacy policy | do not sell my info | cookie declaration | terms | trademarks & patents | supply chain | site map we use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. we also share information about your use of our site with third parties. for further information, including information about the categories of information we collect and the purposes for which it will be, please see our privacy policy. © 2019 cole haan make your way to the top live chat back to top 10% off. and then some. get a discount on your next order—plus other goodness—by signing up below. this field is required. sign up by entering i agree to receive updates from cole haan thanks for signing up! now: click “create account” below, and you’ll be a member before you know it. create account continue shopping added to your bag checkout sign in join us nice to see you. sign in to access your account and customize your profile. hi ! sign out my account dashboard order history profile addresses password sign out make cole haan your own. tell us a little about yourself to personalize your experience.