来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151222204037/http://www.doortodoororganics.com/content/faq
================================================================================

all about door to door organics door to door organics skip navigation to main content jump to your order how it works what's in a box recipes help colorado expand submenu chicago cleveland colorado kansas city michigan milwaukee tri-state log in menu log in sign up today! search search for good food search restock hot at the shop expand submenu simple winter salads donations good food drive holiday entertaining delivered stocking stuffers easy family dinners smart snacking bundle deals new arrivals sale see all organic fruit expand submenu best of season apples, pears & pomegranates avocados bananas berries, cherries & grapes melons oranges, lemons & citrus pineapples, mangoes & tropicals stone fruit sale see all organic vegetables expand submenu best of season asparagus & artichokes beans & peas broccoli & cauliflower brussels sprouts & cabbage carrots & celery cucumbers & eggplant mushrooms & fresh herbs onions, leeks & garlic peppers potatoes, yams & root veggies spinach, kale & leafy greens squash & zucchini salads & lettuce tomatoes & avocados sale see all eggs & dairy expand submenu eggs milk & cream yogurt cheese butters & spreads dairy alternatives sale see all meat & seafood expand submenu beef chicken turkey seafood pork lamb game meats burgers & ground meat sausages bacon, hot dogs & cured meats plant-based proteins sale see all bakery expand submenu everyday bread & tortillas artisan bread bagels, buns & rolls muffins, pastries & desserts sale see all deli expand submenu sliced meats & cheeses hummus, salsa & dips cheese shop ready to eat foods bacon, hot dogs & cured meats sale see all pantry expand submenu breakfast nut butters & fruit spreads grains, rice & pasta canned foods, soups & broths condiments, sauces & spreads salad dressing, oils & vinegar baking, sweeteners & spices baby & kids food everyday affordable foods non-food items sale see all drinks expand submenu coffee juice kombucha, tonics & coconut water seltzers, soda & fizzy drinks tea & cocoa sale see all snacks expand submenu chips, crackers & salty snacks jerky, nuts & trail mix snack & wellness bars sweets sale see all frozen expand submenu frozen meals frozen snacks & novelties frozen fruits & vegetables sale see all shop by expand submenu non-gmo recurring items sale how it works what's in a box recipes help colorado expand submenu chicago cleveland colorado kansas city michigan milwaukee tri-state log in sign up what is the service? how it works produce boxes & groceries how does it work? what we believe packaging & delivery about co-ops if you need to cancel... why is it good? what is good food? why get good food? the company meet our farmers getting started how to get started all about door to door organics frequently asked questions what do you guys do? how does the service work? why should i choose door to door organics? is all the produce organic? what does a usda organic certification mean? is the produce local? do you only sell produce? do i have to commit to a subscription period? do i get to choose my menu each week? can orders be customized? where do you deliver? can i pick my delivery day? what if i'm not home when the produce comes? do you deliver to other locations besides homes? how long will the produce maintain its freshness if left outside? how do recurring orders work? if i add a sale item to my recurring order, will i lock in that price? i don't need an item in my recurring order this week, so can i change that? how do i remove an item from my recurring order? what if you are out of stock on an item in my recurring order? i don't see a recurring order icon on a product i buy each week. can i still add that item? i just received dry ice with my order—what should i do with it? does dry ice contribute to greenhouse gas emissions? why organic? how do i pay? how long has your company been in business? how do we contact you? where are you based? what is a co-op with door to door organics? what are the benefits of being in a co-op? are all boxes in a co-op the same? how are payments made in a co-op? how do i start a co-op? more co-op questions? what do you guys do? door to door organics is a home, office and co-op delivery service of organic produce and groceries. we deliver year-round, bringing you the freshest organic produce and all-natural groceries directly to your door at competitive prices. we have close relationships with our farmer partners and we work around the clock to ensure that we bring you locally grown produce whenever it is available. back to top how does the service work? to sign up, start by choosing a box size. our organic produce boxes range in size from the bitty (4-5 fruit selections & 5 vegetable selections) up to our large box (7-8 fruit selections & 9-10 vegetable selections). you can also opt for an all-organic-fruit box or an all-organic-vegetable box. bitty: our most popular choice is perfect for the single cook, roommates, or a couple. small: ideal for a couple that loves to cook & may have a small child. medium: feeds a vegetarian couple or a family with some vegetable- & fruit-loving kids. large: more than enough satisfy a larger family’s needs. it’s also perfect for when you’re planning a get-together. each thursday afternoon, our produce team creates a seasonally appropriate menu for the coming week. (orders are “locked” during this time so you can’t shop.) then the fun starts friday: as soon as you receive your reminder email, you can start customizing your box--up until 10 p.m. the day before your delivery. that’s your window to sub out up to 5 produce items, swapping fruits & vegetables you don’t need (or like) for ones you do. during this time, you can also add other organic produce you need for the week along with favorite grocery items & make account changes, like switching your box size or putting your order on hold. then we deliver your order on your scheduled delivery day--at no charge. back to top why should i choose door to door organics? door to door organics knows that supporting local organic farmers and local businesses is good for the planet. keeping business as local as possible also keeps our economy strong. we support our customers by providing the freshest organic produce available. we offer the convenience of delivery and customization, and your satisfaction is always guaranteed. we care about what you eat because we eat it too! in judging the character of our food we support quality, organic, all natural, fresh, simple, delicious and safe. we advocate for food we love and back all our products with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. back to top is all the produce organic? yes! all of our produce is certified organic by the usda. back to top what does a usda organic certification mean? the usda ensures that organic food has not been processed or grown using synthetic fertilizers or pesticides. it also means the food could not have been produced using genetic engineering, growth hormones, irradiation or antibiotics. farms growing under the usda label must maintain strict records of their farm's activities and are subject to regular and surprise inspections. farms must have been free of chemicals for three years before being certified, and must undergo many soil tests. also, crops must be rotated, meaning the same crop is not grown on the same plot of land year after year. please visit the usda's national organic program website for more information. back to top is the produce local? we love to support local farmers and deliver locally grown organic produce whenever it's available. we are always looking for new farms to partner with to supply our ever-growing list of customers. if there is a local organic farmer you think we should partner with, please let us know! our goal is to create partnerships with growers that can supply a wide variety of the highest quality certified organic produce. we focus on local organic produce when possible because it is fresher, requires less fuel to transport and we get to support our neighbors, making it easier for them to support us. during the winter, we bring in wonderful organic items primarily from california, arizona and mexico. back to top do you only sell produce? in addition to the freshest organic produce, we also carry a growing line of grocery items as well as a selection of organic meat, eggs, cheeses, wild caught fish and fresh baked artisan bread. an expanded product selection to include milk and items is coming soon. back to top do i have to commit to getting deliveries for a minimum time period? you can choose between weekly & biweekly (every other week) deliveries of organic produce & local, natural groceries. at any time, you can cancel your subscription or put your order on hold for up to 6 weeks. back to top do i get to choose my menu each week? our produce experts set a seasonal assortment each week that you can customize. on the friday before delivery, you will receive a reminder email that includes a list of the coming week’s organic fruit & vegetable selection. at that point, you can substitute produce items, change box sizes, add items, or skip an order. back to top can orders be customized? absolutely! our customers are allowed up to five substitutions per order. don't like collards and would rather have apples? no problem. customers can also set account preferences to accommodate allergies or items they simply don't want in their boxes. if you never want to see radishes in your box, we'll automatically swap them for something you like any time they're on the menu so you don't have to worry about it! back to top where do you deliver? we deliver to many locations in colorado. check here to see if we deliver to your neighborhood. back to top can i pick my delivery day? in many cases, yes. depending on the area that your box is delivered to you may have up to 5 days of the week to choose from. to check out the available days for your area, log in to your account and head over to 'update profile' on the left hand nav bar. at the bottom of the profile page there'll be a drop down menu to select your days from. we do our best to deliver during business hours but with traffic, weather and numerous other factors we cannot guarantee delivery times. back to top what if i'm not home when the produce comes? no problem. when you sign-up, please let us know where to leave your produce if you are not home. back to top do you deliver to other locations besides homes? yes. we can deliver to your work, school, or any address within our delivery range. we cannot deliver to a p.o. box. back to top how long will the produce maintain its freshness if left outside? if you have a spare cooler that you can set outside, that is the best place for us to leave your produce. during the winter a cooler will help protect your produce from frost. during the summer, we pack your produce on ice but a cooler will protect your produce from wilting. tell us if there is a shaded place that you would like us to leave your box. back to top how do recurring orders work? get your online grocery shopping done even faster & easier when you add staple items you buy every week to recurring orders. then when your weekly order is created on friday, these staples will automatically appear in your order. you'll see the recurring orders icon—a blue shopping cart with a curved arrow-on many staple products like milk, bread, eggs, bananas, yogurt, lettuce, and more. click the icon to add these items to your recurring order. you can manage your recurring order on the my subscriptions page. back to top if i add a sale item to my recurring order, will i lock in that price? since prices on items may change weekly, you'll only get the item at the sale price when it's on sale. you always will be charged the week's current price for the product. back to top i don't need an item in my recurring order this week, so can i change that? sure! just go to your order at left on the homepage, and click edit order. then remove the item you don't need this week or adjust the quantity. that way it will remain in your recurring order for future weeks. back to top how do i remove an item from my recurring order? you can change your recurring order on the my subscriptions page. just click the "x" next to the product you want to remove and click edit to change the quantity. also, on the shop product pages for items in your recurring order, you can click edit my recurring order to remove the item from your current weekly order, as well as your recurring order. back to top what if you are out of stock on an item in my recurring order? we try to keep staple items in stock, but once in a while, we sell out. we'll let you know on delivery day with a sticker on your box. you will not be charged for any out-of-stock items. back to top i don't see a recurring order icon on a product i buy each week. can i still add that item? right now you can't add that product to your recurring order, but we're adding popular products all the time. be on the lookout for the blue shopping cart icon appearing on your favorite foods. feel free to let customer service know what additional items you'd like to see available for recurring orders so that we can make our buying teams aware of your request. back to top i just received dry ice with my order—what should i do with it? when you order frozen food, we pack it with dry ice to keep it frozen. we safely store dry ice inside your box’s foam insulation, but please follow these safety instructions: do not handle this dry ice at all. you do not need to dispose of it since it will evaporate within a few hours. do not remove the dry ice. keep it in the foam and just leave it all in the box that you can set out on your next delivery day so we can dispose of the empty ice bag and reuse packing materials. store box in a a well-ventilated area away from children and pets. if dry ice is still present, it will evaporate within a few hours. do not touch dry ice. it can burn skin and eyes. do not inhale vapors. this can cause dizziness and difficulty breathing. do not eat it. if ingested, please seek immediate medical attention. back to top does dry ice contribute to greenhouse gas emissions? dry ice is the frozen form of liquid carbon dioxide, or co2. as it melts, it changes back into gaseous co2. dry ice's contribution to co2 emissions is minimal, especially when compared to vehicles, which produce 30% of greenhouse emissions. by skipping trips to the store & getting groceries delivered, you’re reducing co2 emissions by about half. at door to door organics, the co2 we help customers keep out of the air is equal to planting 1,080 trees or taking 23 cars off the road for a year. back to top why organic? we believe organic food is better for our health and the health of the planet. organic produce is grown without the use of harmful pesticides. back to top how do i pay? payment is done via credit or debit card. we accept visa, master card, discover & american express. your card is charged within two working days after your box has been delivered. back to top how long has your company been in business? we have been around since 2005. back to top how do we contact you? please refer to our contact us page. we'd love to hear from you! back to top where are you based? we are located in lafayette, colorado. back to top what is a co-op with door to door organics? a co-op is formed when four or more orders are going to one location, such as a home, school or office. each person still has individual control over their box, such as what size they want and what substitutions they want to make. each person simply picks up their box at the same location as their co-op buddies -- instead of having it delivered to their home. door to door organics currently offers two types of co-ops: community co-ops are designed for groups of four or more friends, neighbors or co-workers that want to save money by having their orders delivered to one location. each box is discounted by $3. fundraising co-ops are also available for schools, non-profit organizations, and religious institutions. a fundraising co-op functions the same as a community co-op. however, instead of individual discounts, door to door tracks all monthly sales and donates 10% of each box sale to the school or organization. donation checks are mailed to the school or organization on a monthly basis for as long as the co-op is active. we want to make organic produce as accessible and affordable as possible, so please contact us for more information about sharing the benefits of organic food co-ops with friends, family and neighbors, or visit our co-op page for more details. back to top what are the benefits of being in a co-op? our community and fundraising co-ops give you the power of group buying while maintaining the flexibility of an individual grocery delivery account. in addition, co-ops offer people a place to come together and share in their values of healthy food, a healthy planet and the importance of community. we also want to give back to the schools and non-profits in your community. with a fundraising co-op, you are giving back to your community every time you receive your order. visit our co-op page for more details. back to top are all boxes in a co-op the same? definitely not. each person can choose from four different box sizes. these boxes can be all fruit, all veggie or a combo of both. each person can then make up to five substitutions if there is something in the box they do not want, or really do want, that week. back to top how are payments made in a co-op? each person in a co-op has an individual account with door to door organics. this allows each customer to have separate control of their payments, such as with changing credit cards or putting their service on hold when on vacation. your credit card will be charged after you have received your box. back to top how do i start a co-op? we're proud of our co-ops and support them 100%, but unfortunately we've reached our capacity for new co-ops. if you want to participate in our co-op program, please join an already established co-op. we’re currently improving our community support programs, so stay tuned for changes later this year. back to top more co-op questions? please reach out at colorado@doortodoororganics.com or 877-711-3636. back to top more questions? contact us | faq sign up! a product choose your quantity you have 0 in your box add to order close x information panel! and a tad more information. x success panel! and a tad more information. x alert! panel! and a tad more information. contact us log in close it email password forgot your password? remember me? we are loading a sample order. questions? call customer service at 888-2-veggie unfortunately we don't deliver to your area. enter zip code check another zip code or become a part of our good food community! good news! we deliver to your area! get started! or check another area see if we deliver to you! enter zip code contact us 888-2-veggie or 877-711-3636 monday - thursday: 8am - 5pm mstfriday: 8am - 5pm mstsaturday: 9am - 1pm mst colorado@doortodoororganics.com log in gift cards policies media inquiries careers you can also keep up with us here: facebook twitter pinterest instagram blog 1215 rock creek cir, lafayette co 80026 © 2004 - 2015 door to door organics, inc. all rights reserved. log in close it email password forgot your password? remember me?