来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151222204037/http://www.doortodoororganics.com/content/policies
================================================================================

our policies door to door organics skip navigation to main content jump to your order how it works what's in a box recipes help colorado expand submenu chicago cleveland colorado kansas city michigan milwaukee tri-state log in menu log in sign up today! search search for good food search restock hot at the shop expand submenu simple winter salads donations good food drive holiday entertaining delivered stocking stuffers easy family dinners smart snacking bundle deals new arrivals sale see all organic fruit expand submenu best of season apples, pears & pomegranates avocados bananas berries, cherries & grapes melons oranges, lemons & citrus pineapples, mangoes & tropicals stone fruit sale see all organic vegetables expand submenu best of season asparagus & artichokes beans & peas broccoli & cauliflower brussels sprouts & cabbage carrots & celery cucumbers & eggplant mushrooms & fresh herbs onions, leeks & garlic peppers potatoes, yams & root veggies spinach, kale & leafy greens squash & zucchini salads & lettuce tomatoes & avocados sale see all eggs & dairy expand submenu eggs milk & cream yogurt cheese butters & spreads dairy alternatives sale see all meat & seafood expand submenu beef chicken turkey seafood pork lamb game meats burgers & ground meat sausages bacon, hot dogs & cured meats plant-based proteins sale see all bakery expand submenu everyday bread & tortillas artisan bread bagels, buns & rolls muffins, pastries & desserts sale see all deli expand submenu sliced meats & cheeses hummus, salsa & dips cheese shop ready to eat foods bacon, hot dogs & cured meats sale see all pantry expand submenu breakfast nut butters & fruit spreads grains, rice & pasta canned foods, soups & broths condiments, sauces & spreads salad dressing, oils & vinegar baking, sweeteners & spices baby & kids food everyday affordable foods non-food items sale see all drinks expand submenu coffee juice kombucha, tonics & coconut water seltzers, soda & fizzy drinks tea & cocoa sale see all snacks expand submenu chips, crackers & salty snacks jerky, nuts & trail mix snack & wellness bars sweets sale see all frozen expand submenu frozen meals frozen snacks & novelties frozen fruits & vegetables sale see all shop by expand submenu non-gmo recurring items sale how it works what's in a box recipes help colorado expand submenu chicago cleveland colorado kansas city michigan milwaukee tri-state log in sign up what is the service? how it works produce boxes & groceries how does it work? what we believe packaging & delivery about co-ops if you need to cancel... why is it good? what is good food? why get good food? the company meet our farmers getting started how to get started our policies terms of use www.doortodoororganics.com terms of use user acceptance 1) thank you for visiting www.doortodoororganics.com, operated by door to door organics of colorado, inc. by using and viewing websites operated by door to door organics, inc., its affiliates and subsidiaries ("dtd"), including the content and functionality available at www.doortodoororganics.com("website"), you accept: (i) these terms of use ("terms of use"), and (ii) the terms of the privacy policy, found at the website and incorporated herein by reference. if you cannot or will not abide by these terms of use and the privacy policy, please do not use the website. 2) dtd may, in its sole discretion, revise these terms of use and related policies at any time by posting such changes on the website. your continued use of the website shall constitute an agreement to be bound by such revisions. it is your responsibility to review from time to time and be familiar with the most up-to-date versions of the terms of use and related policies. website & "third-party" websites 1) these terms of use apply to all users and visitors of the website, including users who contribute content, information, and other materials. 2) the website may contain links to "third-party" websites that are not owned or operated by dtd. dtd does not control and, therefore, assumes no responsibility for, the content, policies, or practices of any "third-party" websites. you hereby release dtd from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party websites. 3) when you exit the website, be sure to carefully review the terms and conditions and related policies of each "third-party" website that you visit. dtd accounts & user registration 1) in order to create an account, upload video/audio content and/or photographs, or contribute comments to the website, you must be at least 14 years of age. you may not use another user's account without prior permission from the registered user. when creating your dtd account, you agree to (i) provide true, accurate, correct, and complete information, and (ii) maintain and update such information as your circumstances require. with the exception of dtd exercising its rights provided and reserved herein (including discretionary administrative and editorial rights), you are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account. you must keep your account password secure. you agree to notify us immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your dtd account or password. 2) dtd is not liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your dtd account. you may, however, be liable for the losses of dtd and others as a result of such unauthorized use. use of the website you may access and use the website only if you agree to the following: 1) unless otherwise provided for in these terms of use, you will not distribute or duplicate any part of the website (regardless of medium or format) without dtd's prior written consent. 2) you will not modify the website, including but not limited to dtd's web tools or any related technologies. 3) you will not access user content or site content (defined below) through any technology or means other than with the pages of the website itself or other means dtd may make available. 4) you will not use the website, site content, user content, or any other content, for any commercial use without dtd's prior written consent. prohibited commercial uses include without limitation: a) sale of access to the website and related services; b) use of the website and related services for the purpose of obtaining advertising or subscription revenue (including the sale of advertising on the website); and c) any use of the website and related services that dtd determines, in its sole discretion, to compete with or displace the market for dtd or the website. 5) if you use web tools made available by dtd, you agree that bug fixes, enhanced functions, new software modules, and completely new versions of dtd web tools may be required from time to time. you agree to receive, download, and install such updates (and permit dtd to deliver these to you). 6) you may not use or launch automated scripts (including "robots," "spiders," "webcrawler's" or "offline readers") that access the website in a manner that delivers more messages than a human can produce using an on-line web browser. subject to dtd's right to revoke the following at any time and for any reason or no reason, operators of search engines may use spiders to copy materials from the website for the purpose of and to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. you agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the website, nor to use the communication systems provided by the website (e.g. comments, email, etc.) for any commercial purposes. 7) you agree to abide by all of the terms of use and all applicable local, national, and international laws and regulations. 8) dtd may, in its sole discretion, cancel or amend any aspect of the website at any time. 9) the content available at the website, including without limitation, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, interactive features (including dtd web tools), trademarks, service marks, and logos contained therein, but excluding user content (collectively "site content"), is owned by dtd (or licensed by dtd to operate the website) and shall not be altered, modified, compromised, or reverse engineered in any way. site content is provided to you "as is" and use of site content is restricted solely to personal use and may not be used for any other purpose without dtd's prior written consent. subject to the permitted uses provided herein with respect to site content and user content, dtd reserves all right, title, and interest in and to the site content. 10) your access to (including use and sharing of) user content is limited to personal use. user content may not be copied, shared, or downloaded unless a "download" or similar link displayed on the website for that user content is available. 11) user comments are for your personal use only and may not be used in any manner inconsistent with the permitted use of the website or otherwise as prohibited under these terms of use. 12) you will not disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the website, including features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any site content or enforce limitations on use of the website or the site content therein. 13) you agree that dtd is not responsible for user content. you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against dtd with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify defend and hold dtd, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, contractors, partners, agents, and attorneys harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of and visit(s) to the website. your user content and conduct 1) as a dtd account holder you may be able to submit content to the website, including textual content, still photographs, audio and video content ("user content"). 2) you affirm that you are the sole owner of and have all right, title, and interest in your user content, and that no third party claims will result from such user content. 3) dtd does not claim ownership of your user content (including recipes, feedback, suggestions, posts, or uploads). however, by posting, uploading, or submitting user content to the website, you are granting dtd, its partners, vendors, production companies, programming and content distributors, affiliates, assigns, subsidiaries, licenses, and successors a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform your user content in connection with the website and dtd's business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the user content (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. you also hereby grant each user of the website a non-exclusive license to access your user content through the website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display, and perform such user content as permitted through the functionality of the website and under these terms of use. the removal of user content by you or dtd shall not in any way deplete or diminish dtd's license rights granted herein and the above licenses granted by you in your user content shall survive termination of these terms of use and your use of the website. 4) dtd does not endorse any user content and dtd disclaims all liability in connection with your user content. dtd does not allow the infringement of intellectual property rights on the website and dtd will promptly remove all or disable access to user content if properly notified that such user content infringes or allegedly infringes on another's intellectual property rights. for the avoidance of any doubt, dtd reserves the right to remove user content without prior notice at anytime and for any reason or no reason. account termination policy 1) in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act ("dmca") and other applicable law, dtd will terminate your access to the website, including closing your dtd account, if dtd determines, in its sole discretion that you are an infringer of another party's intellectual property rights. 2) dtd has the right (but not the obligation) to do one or all of the following, at its discretion, (i) monitor user content, (ii) alter, remove, or refuse to post or allow to be posted or stored any user content, (iii) monitor and/or filter any of your communications through the website (including by means of blocking or replacing language that may be deemed harmful or offensive), and (iv) disclose any user content or any communication through the website, and the circumstances surrounding the transmission thereof, to any "third-party" in order to: (a) operate the website, (b) protect dtd and its employees, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, representatives, and attorneys, and the website users and visitors, (c) comply with legal obligations or government requests, and (d) enforce these terms of use. digital millennium copyright act 1) if you are a copyright owner and believe that any user content or other content found on the website infringes upon your copyright(s), you (or your agent) may send dtd notice pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 ("dmca") requesting that dtd remove the material or restrict access to it. 2) if you believe that your user content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content in your user content, you may send a counter-notice to dtd. if you wish to send a notice or counter-notice to dtd, please visit http://copyright.gov/ for details. 3) all notices, counter-notices, and complaints should be sent to the dtd at the following address: door to door organics, inc. 1215 rock creek cir lafayette, co 80026 warranty disclaimer use of the website shall be at your sole risk. to the extent permitted by law, dtd, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, contractors, partners, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the website and your use thereof. dtd does not warrant or represent that the site content or the content limited to the website is accurate or complete and assumes no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the website, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (v) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the website, (vi) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through the website by any third-party, and/or (vii) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the website. dtd does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service offered by a "third-party" through any hyperlinked website and dtd will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and any third-party. limitation of liability in no event shall dtd, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, contractors, partners, agents, and attorneys, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any (i) use of the website, (ii) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (iii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the website, (iv) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (v) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the website, (vi) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through the website by any "third-party", and/or (vii) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the website, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the you were advised of the possibility of such damages. this limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction. you specifically acknowledge that dtd shall not be liable for user content or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any "third-party" and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you. the website is controlled and offered by dtd from its facilities in the united states of america. dtd makes no representations that the website is appropriate or available for use in other locations and you are responsible for compliance with local law. indemnity you agree to indemnify, defend and hold dtd, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their officers, directors, employees, contractors, partners, agents, and attorneys harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from or in connection with (i) your use of and access to the website, (ii) your violation of any term of these terms of use, (iii) your violation of any "third-party" right, or (iv) any claim that your user content caused damage to a "third-party". your defense and indemnification obligation will survive these terms of use and your use of the website. assignment these terms of use, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by dtd without restriction. general you agree that (i) the website shall be deemed solely based in colorado and (ii) the website shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over dtd, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than colorado. these terms of use shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of colorado, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. any claim or dispute between you and dtd that arises in whole or in part from your use of the website shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in denver county, colorado. these terms of use, together with dtd's privacy policyand any other legal notices published by dtd on the website, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and dtd concerning the website. if any provision of these terms of use is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these terms of use, which shall remain in full force and effect. no waiver of any term of this these terms of use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and dtd's failure to assert any right or provision under these terms of use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. you and dtd agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the website must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues. otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred. service policies the contents of your box will change week to week depending on the time of year, what we're told is looking good by our farmers and distributors. we always try to get a nice selection out to the customer. to start receiving our service you will need to give us a valid credit card number. we accept visa, mastercard, american express or discover . it is the customer's responsibility to notify us of a change in cards or an expired card. we do not accept checks. we will not make a delivery if you have an unpaid bill with us. we reserve the right to bill your credit card the day before your delivery arrives for all purchases exceeding $100 we do our best to get your delivery to you before 6pm. this time may be later during inclimate weather. if you do not receive your order on your scheduled delivery day or you receive produce that does not meet your expectations (or it's missing), please contact us within 24 hours. if you do not contact us within 24 hours of your scheduled delivery, we will not be able to provide a refund/replacement to you. once you sign up for our service you will get a box delivered to your desired location with the frequency that you have requested until we hear otherwise from you. any changes to your account must be done via our website or by calling and speaking with a live person. if you need any help with our online system please give us a call at 303-297-3636. any changes to your order must be done by our deadline of 10 p.m. the day before your delivery. we're unable to make any changes to your order after the deadline. if you attempt to make a change after your deadline and the website accepts it, there's a possibility that those changes won't be made. we are not responsible for this. we deliver five days a week, monday thru friday. we will designate day(s) on which you can get a delivery. we reserve the right to change your delivery day at any time with seven days notice. notice will be given via our website and possibly an email. there is no commitment to door to door organics. if you would like to cancel your account all you need to do is go on to your online account and cancel. you can also call us at 303-297-3636 and speak to a live person. all cancellations must be made by the deadline set forth by your delivery day. there is no need for you to be home at time of delivery. just give us a place to leave your box. if the temperature is expected to be above 65 or below 35 we ask that you leave a cooler out with an ice pack and we will transfer your produce from the box into your cooler and take the empty box back. if you do not leave a cooler out and your produce freezes or wilts we will not be held responsible. please leave your previous weeks box out on your delivery day so we can reuse the box the following week. we offer direct delivery to the entire front range, i-70 corridor and steamboat. others areas of the state may incur an additional fees. deliveries made to offices and apartment buildings may need to be left with a secretary or apartment manager and it is your responsibility to collect. we'll do everything in our power to get your produce to your door by 6pm, but please know we cannot guarantee this time. and whatever you do, please don't sign up with a p.o. box. you'll make us frown! we will post the menu each week at 12pm on friday. you will receive an email on friday alerting you that your box is ready to be viewed and that you are allowed to make substitutions.. if you are not receiving the emails please call or email us and we will do our best to remedy the situation. from time to time an item that is listed on our menu may not come in your box. this is due to the basic nature of organic produce and if an item comes in that we are not satisfied with we will turn it away and replace it with another item. if you are unhappy with the item that we have chosen to replace please let us know within 24 hours and we'll either give you extra produce in your next box or credit your account for the item. we stand behind our product 100%. if there is ever a time that you get something in your box that you are unhappy with please let us know and we'll either replace that item the following delivery or give you a cash credit. if you ever have a billing discrepancy please give us a call and we will be sure to straighten it right out. we do billing the day after your delivery, and for friday deliveries, we bill the following monday. our minimum order is $25.99 of produce. we will not deliver any of our additional items if you have not ordered the bitty box or a produce box of greater value. we do our best in getting back to you in a timely manner. all emails and phone messages will be returned by the end of the next business day. all failed credit cards will incur a .50 charge, this includes expired, lost or stolen cards. if a charge fails, your credit card will be charged every two days for two weeks. each time the card doesn't go through you will be charged an additional $.50. all orders left unpaid after 15 calendar days will be subject to a 2.5% late fee and a 2.5% late fee on every first of the month that the order is unpaid. we track conversions with google adwords. if you get to us by clicking on a google ad, we know that another individual signed up after clicking an ad. to learn more, go here. drivers are not responsible for relaying messages back to the office. the drivers are instructed to take any box back to our warehouse that the customer refuses. this does not mean you will not be charged for the box. drivers are asked not to pick up checks. more questions? contact us | faq sign up! a product choose your quantity you have 0 in your box add to order close x information panel! and a tad more information. x success panel! and a tad more information. x alert! panel! and a tad more information. contact us log in close it email password forgot your password? remember me? we are loading a sample order. questions? call customer service at 888-2-veggie unfortunately we don't deliver to your area. enter zip code check another zip code or become a part of our good food community! good news! we deliver to your area! get started! or check another area see if we deliver to you! enter zip code contact us 888-2-veggie or 877-711-3636 monday - thursday: 8am - 5pm mstfriday: 8am - 5pm mstsaturday: 9am - 1pm mst colorado@doortodoororganics.com log in gift cards policies media inquiries careers you can also keep up with us here: facebook twitter pinterest instagram blog 1215 rock creek cir, lafayette co 80026 © 2004 - 2015 door to door organics, inc. all rights reserved. log in close it email password forgot your password? remember me?