来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20171213230103/http://www.gulfcoastpetsupplies.com/policies/
================================================================================

policies - gulf coast pet supplies home about policies cart contact electronics accessories bark control batteries deterrents fences & containment remote training tracking feeding & watering bowls & dishes fountains living cleaning & odor doors gates litter boxes miscellaneous waste management premium foods bravo! dogswell fresh is best grandma lucys honest kitchen made in the usa natures variety primal sojos solid gold stella & chewys variety packs weruva ziwipeak toys treats dog treats grain-free wellness supplements privacy we do not ever share or sell your information, email, address, phone or otherwise! our information is not stored, unless you request a user name and password for ease of future ordering. that information is for your own use only and is not required to purchase from our site. we use a certified credit card processor that is up to date on all visa/mastercard compliance with safety and security. we do not store or keep any records of credit card information at our location, so your information is always safe with our company. shipping & delivery all items are shipped within two business days of payment via the best possible shipping method. if expedited shipping is requested, the customer will be responsible for the cost of expediting the item. we ship using usps first class mail, priority mail, and ups ground. delivery times vary by carrier and cannot be guaranteed by gc pet supplies once given to the carrier. tracking numbers are supplied to all customers when the item is shipped to the email address provided at the time of purchase. please note:  credit card fraud filters require that you have your shipping address on file with your credit card company for it to be accepted on our site for shipping. you can call your card company to put the address on file. orders to alaska & hawaii typically do not qualify for free shipping. if the item can be shipped without excess expense it will be shipped at no charge. if free shipping proves to be cost prohibitive you will be contacted with the actual cost at which point you can make a determination of your willingness to pay the difference. we do apologize for any inconvenience this may cause however it is necessary to keep our prices competitive. we ship within the continental united states only.   all items are shipped within two business days of payment via the best possible shipping method. if expedited shipping is requested, the customer will be responsible for the cost of expediting the item. we ship using usps first class mail, priority mail, and ups ground. delivery times vary by carrier and cannot be guaranteed by gc pet supplies once given to the carrier. tracking numbers are supplied to all customers when the item is shipped to the email address provided at the time of purchase. lowest price guarantee gc pet supplies will match the price of other authorized dealers online price including shipping, handling charges, and sales tax for all in stock and available items. the item must be verifiable, in stock and the seller must be an authorized dealer – all price match guarantees must happen prior to purchase and must be authorized in writing to by gc pet supplies to be honored. auction sites, blacklisted sellers or marketplaces with unauthorized dealers are not considered in this offer. sales tax gc pet supplies charges 7% sales tax for merchandise ordered on this web site and shipped within the state of florida. any other purchases made by consumers should be reported per the irs rules on internet purchases within your state. returns all returns must have an authorized rma number which can be obtained automatically from the my account, returns page of our website. (please see below for returns concerning sanitary returns such as litter boxes, beds, food/water bowls, refined feline products, and garmin products). most items may be returned within 30 days of purchase date in new condition. a 20% restocking fee will apply to customer choice returns. for large/oversize items, the initial actual shipping charges will be deducted from the refund. although our site offers “free shipping”, it is not actually free for us to ship the item to you. if you change your mind, don’t like the item, it doesn’t work with your decor, this is considered a customer choice return and the shipping charges we paid to get the item to you, will be deducted from your refund. the customer is responsible for return shipping, tracking and insurance via fed ex, ups, or signature confirmation via the post office. we cannot offer credits or refunds if the product does not arrive, is lost, or arrives damaged. please note that any item that is delivered that has a problem due to an error we made, or damage from the carrier, we will 100% take care of all costs associated with the problem. not returnable sanitary items such as food/water bowls, pet beds, cat trees or items that require assembly, potty wee wee training pads, litterboxes or items that are used for bathroom purposes are not returnable or refundable for any reason once shipped. for sanitary items, reasons for return of “my dog won’t use it”, “it hasn’t been opened”, “i haven’t used the item” are not acceptable, these items are not returnable due to sanitary and safety laws. we do not accept returns on pet beds due to fleas, ticks, parasites, skin conditions, etc. once shipped, this is considered a used item and we cannot take it back under any circumstances. garmin and garmin astro products fall under warranty with the manufacturer for a period of one year and are handled through the manufacturer. we do not accept returns on these products as the warranty is handled through the manufacturer only. items that are mishandled, or voided warranty are not returnable to our facility, nor do they qualify for any refund. miscellaneous the content included in this web site has been compiled from a variety of sources and is subject to change without notice as are any products, programs, offerings, or technical information described in this web site. gc pet supplies makes no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the completeness, quality, or adequacy of the web site or content, or the suitability, functionality, or operation of this web site or its content. by using this web site, you assume the risk that the content on this web site may be inaccurate, incomplete, offensive, or may not meet your needs and requirements. gc pet supplies specifically disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement with respect to these web pages and content. in no event will gc pet supplies be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages even if company has been advised of the possibility of such damages. the terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and gc pet supplies with respect to this web site. the terms and conditions supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between you and gc pet supplies with respect to this web site. no modification of the terms and conditions shall be effective unless it is authorized by gc pet supplies. if any provision of the terms and conditions is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be constructed in a manner to closely reflect, as much as possible, the intentions of the parties. void where prohibited: although the information on this web site is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed in this web site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions. gc pet supplies and the advertisers each reserve the right to limit the provision of their products or services to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction they so desire and to limit the quantities of any products or services that they provide. any offer for any product or service made in the materials on this web site is void where prohibited. governing law in the event of litigation both parties agree that the law of the state of business registration of gc pet supplies shall apply and both parties shall consent to the jurisdiction of said state’s courts, or in the event of diversity of citizenship, the united states district court for the state of florida, county of sarasota. both parties expressly waive a trial by jury. carttop rated products fresh is best freeze dried duck necks, dog & cat treats $15.95 petsafe lightning protector for fence transmitters $24.95 nature's variety instinct grain-free chicken canned cat food, 3 ounce cans (pack of 24) $39.95 weruva cats in the kitchen double dip au jus canned cat food, 24/ 6oz cans $39.95 petmate top entry litter box $48.95 gulf coast pet supplies 2 weeks ago for all of our locals and home delivery, we now have in stock the stella & chewy's raw coated kibble and raw blend foods! this is a kibble that is baked and coated in raw - we think it's the healthiest kibble on the market! you can also get raw blend, which includes a bag of meal mixers (a $35.99 value) in the bag of the raw coated kibble. flavors are beef (which is a lamb, venison, beef), chicken or whitefish. this item is not available for sale online or in any big box chains - so come in and pick up a bag now!! we love this kibble so much, we started our dogs on it yesterday - and they gobble it up! ... see moresee lessphotoview on facebook·sharegulf coast pet supplies 2 weeks ago i watched a movie on netflix last night called pet fooled with dr karen becker. great watch and information about the food industry, where the food comes from, how it is not regulated - how they can use "natural", "healthy" and other terms and what they actually mean. if you can watch this video, it's an eye opener and may just change how you view your pets food. ... see moresee lessview on facebook·sharegulf coast pet supplies 2 weeks ago this should prove to be interesting in the market once finalized..... ... see moresee lesspet product news internationalthe acquisition, which is subject to customary regulatory approvals, is expected to close by the end of petsmart’s second fiscal quarter of 2017. view on facebook·sharegulf coast pet supplies 3 weeks ago great article ... see moresee lessfeline lower urinary tract disease signs and symptomshealthypets.mercola.comfeline lower urinary tract disease, a group of conditions affecting the bladder or urethra, is a very common health problem in cats. view on facebook·sharegulf coast pet supplies 3 weeks ago in honor of national pet day... here are a few of mine. ... see moresee lessphotoview on facebook·sharegulf coast pet supplies 3 weeks ago we received a phone call this morning from a local rescue about a lost dog. please help and share: ... see moresee lessphotoview on facebook·shareview on facebook recognized as one of the gulf coast's top 500 companies by the business observer. gulf coast pet supplies copyright © 2017 all rights reserved