来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20221231215001/https://www.omahasteaks.com/info/Customer-Service
================================================================================

omaha steaks - customer service skip to main content all content on this site is available, via phone, twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, by calling 1-800-960-8400. if you experience any accessibility issues please contact us at1-800-960-8400. warning you are using an ad blocker you may experience some issues with our website. please disable your ad blocker. close minimum purchase may apply details 1-800-960-8400 stores view allstore locations blog rewards sign in get free shipping on $169+ plus, 4 free burgers on $149+ steaks meats chicken & pork seafood starters & sides desserts wine gifts business gifts my cart valentine's day value assortments free shipping packages best sellers custom packages meals sale free shipping on $169+ & 4 free burgers on $149+ shop now main offer omaha steaks help center we're here to help you, and we pride ourselves on offering the highest quality of customer service. our help center provides you with all the information to make your shopping experience even better. home \ help center order & shipping order status order history my gourmet favorites shipping information my account login/create account manage account my steaklover rewards my address book subscribe to special offers product info food allergy & gluten information product safety shopping resources placing large gift orders how to buy the right steak mobile apps accessibility company information company history 100% guarantee privacy policy terms of use back to shopping popular faq's order inquiry marketing offers steaklover rewards product info how can i view my order online? view your order online at order status lookup and enter your confirmation number. please allow up to 30 minutes for your order to be viewable online. how do i make changes to an order i already placed? make changes to your order online by clicking the link in your email or logging into my account. how do i reset or change my password? to change your account password, please click here. where can i find cooking and nutritional information on your products? locate the individual item by entering the description or item number in the search box at the top of the page. select the product you are inquiring about to access the product detail screen. select a size and quantity. scroll down to view product information & preparation instructions. click on the preparation or nutritional and ingredient information link. what methods of payment does omaha steaks accept? all major credit cards omaha steaks gift cards paypal apple pay how do i use my coupon online? to place an order from one of our direct mail offers, click here. please enter the selection number including the letters listed in the mailing. this will automatically generate the sale price of the item. if a promotion is offered, this will automatically apply once you have met the required minimum. some of our mailers cannot be used online. if you are still having trouble placing your order, please contact one of our order representatives at 1-800-960-8400. they would be happy to assist you. how do i check my steaklover rewards status? go to my account. enter your email address and password, then click sign in. click on steaklover rewards. how do i redeem my steaklover rewards points? sign in to my account. add items to cart. at checkout, click redeem points. how do i edit my address book? to edit your address book in your account page: go to my account. enter your email address and password, then click sign in. click address book under account options to access your saved addresses. click edit next to the address you would like to change, or delete to permanently remove the address from your account. after editing an address, click update to save the new address information how do i get help placing my order? call 1-800-960-8400 how do i safely handle the dry ice in my cooler? if dry ice remains in your cooler after opening, it's easy to handle properly. wear thick, insulated gloves on both hands, take the dry ice out of the cooler, and set it outside on the ground to dissipate. keep dry ice away from children and pets, and never handle without gloves. how can i view my order online? view your order online at order status lookup and enter your confirmation number. please allow up to 30 minutes for your order to be viewable online. how do i make changes to an order i already placed? make changes to your order online by clicking the link in your email or logging into my account. i just placed my order. how will i know the order was received? you will receive a confirmation email within 30 minutes of the time your order was placed. this email will provide you with your order confirmation number. you'll receive a shipping notification the moment your product is shipped. the shipping email will provide you with your package tracking number. why can't i track my package? if you don't have a tracking number yet, it's likely your package is still on one of our freezer trucks on its way to the closest carrier facility near you. your shipping notification will provide you with an approximate delivery date, and you should be able to track the package the evening before delivery when your package reaches the carrier facility. why does my order have tax on it? omahasteaks.com, inc. is required to collect sales tax in many different states. the collection of sales tax is based on where an order is shipped, whether omahasteaks.com, inc. is required to collect sales tax in that particular state, and the products purchased (food, wine, greeting card, shipping, etc.). omahasteaks.com, inc. collects all local and state sales tax when applicable. how do i reset my password? to change your account password, please click here. how do i edit my address book? to edit your address book in your account page: go to my account. enter your email address and password, then click sign in. click address book under account options to access your saved addresses. click edit next to the address you would like to change, or delete to permanently remove the address from your account. after editing an address, click update to save the new address information how can i redeem my omaha steaks gift card or certificate? omaha steaks gift cards can be redeemed online, by phone, mail, fax, or at any omaha steaks retail location. to redeem your gift card or certificate online, enter your gift number on the payment and summary page as you check out. redeem by phone: call 1-800-843-5700. redeem by fax: call 1-800-286-1200. redeem by mail: mail to omaha steaks, 11030 "o" street, omaha ne 68137 redeem at an omaha steaks store where can i purchase an omaha steaks gift card? gift cards can be purchased online or at any omaha steaks local retail locations. to order a gift card online, click here. how are omaha steaks products shipped? omaha steaks will ship your order in a temperature-controlled truck to your local ups facility. we will turn your package over to ups during the overnight hours before the day of delivery and they will bring it directly to your door. do you ship internationally? omaha steaks ships to all 50 states, canada, the u.s virgin islands, and puerto rico what are my shipping options? shipping options can be seen in the checkout process shipping information why did i only get one shipping notification when i placed multiple orders? you will receive a shipping notification for the first shipment in your order. this notification includes a link that allows you to monitor the status of each of the other shipments in your order. what should i do with my cooler once i receive my products? our rugged, reusable cooler - like aluminum, glass, and paper - can be recycled time and time again. many of our customers enjoy reusing their coolers at picnics, at the beach, or for storage. if you can't find a "re-use" for your cooler, please call your local recycling center to see if they will accept it. for more information on your recycling efforts, visit www.omahasteaks.com/recycle. why is the return address on my package not an omaha, ne address? omaha steaks provides a local return address to a food bank for undeliverable packages. this is to salvage any products from spoiling so that they can be used at the food bank. why can't i track the gift package coming to my address? at this time, your gift order cannot be viewed online. click the link in the email notification you received to track your package. if you have any further questions regarding your gift package, please contact one of our representatives at 1-800-228-9872. they would be happy to assist you. how do i get help placing my order? call 1-800-960-8400 how do i get free shipping? we have free shipping packages available! how do i use my coupon online? to place an order from one of our direct mail offers, click here. please enter the selection number including the letters listed in the mailing. this will automatically generate the sale price of the item. if a promotion is offered, this will automatically apply once you have met the required minimum. some of our mailers cannot be used online. if you are still having trouble placing your order, please contact one of our order representatives at 1-800-960-8400. they would be happy to assist you. how do i change my marketing preferences, subscribe, or unsubscribe from your marketing lists? sign in to my account click contact preferences under account settings choose email/phone at top of pop up select frequency click update how do i get help placing my order? call 1-800-960-8400 how do i check my steaklover rewards status or check my points balance? sign in to my account to view your enrollment status and check your point balance. how do i redeem my steaklover rewards points? at the first page of checkout, under shopping cart bonus savings, a message will notify you if you have is a reward available. to redeem your earned rewards, view the available rewards by click on choose your reward. click on cart next to the reward you would like applied to your order. complete this process again to redeem for additional rewards. how do i refer a friend to steaklover rewards? sign in to my account click steaklover rewards click referrals enter your referrals' email addresses are omaha steaks products guaranteed? if you are not absolutely thrilled with your purchase from omaha steaks, for any reason at all, we'll cheerfully replace your purchase or refund your money, whichever you prefer. where can i find cooking and nutritional information on your products? locate the individual item by entering the description or item number in the search box at the top of the page. select the product you are inquiring about to access the product detail screen. select a size and quantity. scroll down to view product information & preparation instructions. click on the preparation or nutritional and ingredient information link. where can i find allergen sensitivity information? omaha steaks product allergen and food sensitivity listings where does your beef come from? all our beef is sourced from the finest producers in the usa and north america. the majority of omaha steaks beef, veal, chicken, and lamb are products of the united states, though we do have some ground beef and pork that are sourced from canada and some lamb that is sourced from new zealand. how long do your frozen products last? omaha steaks recommends consuming frozen food products within six months from the time you receive them for the best quality. what if i want to customize my cut of steak? omaha steaks experienced team of master butchers are at your service! we can cut steaks, roasts, and more by hand, exactly to your specifications (or help you figure what you need, and then cut it!). click to our custom cuts page for easy contact information to get started today. does omaha steaks offer meals that can be prepared quickly? omaha steaks offers a variety of skillet meals and single-serve meals that can be made quickly and conveniently from frozen. shop all of our meals on this page. can i purchase omaha steaks products at a local store? omaha steaks has retail locations in arizona, california, connecticut, colorado, florida, illinois, kansas, kentucky, maryland, massachusetts, michigan, nebraska, nevada, new jersey, new york, north carolina, ohio, pennsylvania, texas, rhode island, and virginia. visit the omaha steaks stores page for a complete directory. how long has omaha steaks been in business? since 1917 omaha steaks has been working diligently to provide our customers with the very best beef and gourmet food available anywhere! read more about our company history page. was this information helpful? yes, this was helpful no, i need more info thank you for your feedback! we're here to help you, and we pride ourselves on offering the highest quality of customer service. our help center provides you with all the information to make your shopping experience even better. contact us recently viewed you have not viewed any items recently. as you shop, your history will appear here. business gifts free shipping branded solutions volume discounts exclusive certificates learn more earn gourmet food like steaks, sides and desserts to redeem on future orders. learn more get live help now 1-800-960-8400 c.p.d. reg. no. - 19-08576 our guarantee placing a large order sign up for the latest news, updates, and promotions from omaha steaks to save up to $30 on orders of $159 or more. sign up connect with us customer service help center accessibility covid-19 information order status shipping gift cards offers & promotions our story a new window will be opened company history blog media room careers privacy(updated january 2023) ca privacy notice(updated january 2023) terms of use sitemap mobile apps find a store required healthcare notice cooking videos recipe center cooking charts programs business gifts steaklover rewards affiliate programs food service savings shown over aggregated single item base price. prices shown are available on consumer orders only. maximum order quantity may apply. photos are exemplary of product advertised. do not sell my personal information. © 2023, omahasteaks.com, inc. all rights reserved.  |   v23.1.5. myself