来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231231193534/https://www.omahasteaks.com/info/Terms-Of-Use
================================================================================

omaha steaks terms of use minimum purchase may apply. details 50% off sitewide + free shipping & 4 free burgers details 50% off sitewide + free shipping on $169+! shop now > free shipping on popular assortments! shop now > sign in 50% off sitewide + free shipping & 4 free burgers details menu steaks burgers & franks chicken & pork other meats seafood meals, sides & desserts wine gifts business gifts 50% off sitewide + free shipping on $169+! shop now > free shipping on popular assortments! shop now > terms of use use of the site copyrights and trademarks privacy and your information disclaimer of warranty limitation of liability disputes and arbitration steaklover rewards program terms and conditions pricing and product information our unconditional guarantee web accessibility policy dmca notice indemnification subscription program - terms & conditions welcome to omahasteaks.com. this web site, any related subdomains, microsites and the omaha steaks mobile web site (collectively, the "site"), is operated by omahasteaks.com, llc ("omahasteaks.com") as a service to our customers on behalf of omahasteaks.com and its affiliates. these terms of use govern your use of this site. your use of the site constitutes your acceptance of these terms of use. if you do not agree with any of these terms of use, do not access or otherwise use this site or any information or materials contained on the site. your use of the site shall be deemed to be your agreement to abide by the terms set forth below. by accepting you are agreeing to every provision of this agreement whether or not you have read it. these terms of use apply to all orders, purchases, and sales, whether made via the website, by email, by fax, by telephone, in person, or by any means of transmission. omahasteaks.com may update or modify these terms of use at any time, without prior notice. by using this site following any such change, you agree to be bound by the terms of use as changed. omahasteaks.com recommends you review these terms of use each time you visit the site. use of the site all materials on this site, including all images, text, logos, designs, icons, photographs, programs, and video or audio clips (collectively, the "content"), are intended solely for personal, non-exclusive and non-commercial use. you may access, view, download, print or copy the content for your personal, non-commercial use only; provided, however, that you (1) retain all copyright, trademark or other proprietary designations contained on all content; (2) do not modify or alter the content in any way; and (3) do not provide or make available the content to any third party. no right, title or interest in any viewed, copied or downloaded content is transferred to you as a result of your use of this site. except as noted above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, or otherwise exploit in any way the content or this site without first obtaining written permission from omahasteaks.com. omahasteaks.com may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this site, including the availability of any features of the site, at any time and without notice. omahasteaks.com also reserves the right to block or deny access to the site to anyone at any time for any reason. copyrights and trademarks "omaha steaks," "omaha steaks private reserve," "private reserve," and "triple-trimmed," as well as related product and service names, design marks and slogans, are registered trademarks of omaha steaks international, llc and may not be used without permission. unless otherwise noted, all content is protected as copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by omahasteaks.com, one of its affiliates, or by third parties who have licensed their intellectual property to omahasteaks.com and is protected by u.s. and international intellectual property laws and treaty provisions. unauthorized duplication is a violation of law. no rights in any content, including any trademark, service mark or trade name, are granted to you in connection with your use of this site. omahasteaks.com and its affiliates and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all content. omahasteaks.com has a no-tolerance policy regarding the use of our trademarks or names in metatags and/or hidden text. specifically, the use of our trademarks or names in metatag keywords may constitute trademark infringement, and the use of trademarks or names in page text, metatags, and/or hidden text for purposes of gaining higher rankings from search engines may constitute unfair competition. comments and feedback all comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to omahasteaks.com on or by the site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered to omahasteaks.com (collectively, "comments") shall be and remain omahasteaks.com's property, which we may use for any purpose including commercial purposes. such disclosure, submission or offer of any comments shall constitute an assignment to omahasteaks.com of all worldwide rights, title and interest in all copyrights and other intellectual property in the comments. omahasteaks.com is and shall be under no obligation to maintain any comments in confidence or to pay to user any compensation for any comments. you agree that no comments submitted by you to omahasteaks.com will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s). you are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any comments you make. prohibited uses tampering with the site, misrepresenting the identity of a user, using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities on the site are prohibited. violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. omahasteaks.com will investigate occurrences and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting the user or users who are involved in such violations. you are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the site, including, without limitation, the following: (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging into a server or account which user is not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the site, overloading, "flooding," "mailbombing," or "crashing," or sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, or (d) forging any tcp/ip packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. privacy and your information we collect personal information about you. we gather some information through our relationship with you, such as your phone number, address, and information about your preferences. you can find out how we use, share and protect the information we collect about you in our privacy policy, which is incorporated into these terms of use. by entering into this agreement you agree to the use of your information in accordance with our privacy policy, including, among other things, collected information and how we use your information; cookies technology; security. we provide you with choices to limit, in certain circumstances, our use of the data we have about you. disclaimer of warranty this site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. neither omahasteaks.com nor its affiliates, subsidiaries or designees nor each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors, predecessors in interest, successors, assigns, or the like (collectively, "associates") warrant that use of the omahasteaks.com site will be uninterrupted or error-free. neither omahasteaks.com, nor its associates, warrants the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the content provided on the omahasteaks.com site or the products or services offered for sale on the omahasteaks.com site. further, omahasteaks.com makes no representation that content provided on the omahasteaks.com site is applicable to, or appropriate for, use in locations outside of the united states. omahasteaks.com and its associates specifically disclaim all warranties, whether expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. no oral advice or written information given by omahasteaks.com or its associates shall create a warranty. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain warranties, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. limitation of liability under no circumstances shall omahasteaks.com or its associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from your use of or inability to use the site, including but not limited to reliance by you on any information obtained from the site that results in mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion or corruption of files, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance. the foregoing limitation of liability shall apply in any action, whether in contract, tort or any other claim, even if an authorized representative of omahasteaks.com has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages. user hereby acknowledges that this limitation of liability shall apply to all content, merchandise and services available through the omahasteaks.com site. some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. disputes and arbitration we hope to make you a happy and satisfied customer, but if there is a dispute that needs to be resolved, this section outlines what is expected of both of us. a. you agree to provide omahasteaks.com an opportunity informally to resolve your dispute. before you may pursue or participate in a dispute (or raise such dispute as a defense) in any court or arbitration against omahasteaks.com or its associates for any claims, including claims related in any way to omahasteaks.com products, these terms of use, billing, privacy, advertising, or omahasteaks.com's or its associates' communications with you, you must first send a written description of your claim to: omahasteaks.com, llc 11030 o street, omaha, ne 68137, attn: legal, and you must allow omahasteaks.com a reasonable opportunity to resolve your dispute. your written notice must describe the problem in reasonable detail, and identify or enclose all relevant documents and information. you and omahasteaks.com agree to negotiate in good faith with each other to try to resolve your claim. if you and omahasteaks.com do not reach a resolution of your dispute within sixty (60) days after omahasteaks.com receives your written notice of claim, you may pursue your claim in arbitration or, solely to the extent specifically provided below, in court. b. arbitration. you and omahasteaks.com agree to arbitrate all disputes between the parties, except as provided in this subsection (b). arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. this arbitration agreement covers any dispute arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, even if the claim arises or may arise before or after the term. for purposes of this arbitration provision, references to "omahasteaks.com," "you," and "us" includes our associates. this agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and the federal arbitration act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. notwithstanding the arbitration agreement set forth in the prior paragraph, if you fail to pay in full any amounts you owe when they are due, omahasteaks.com may assign your account for collection, and omahasteaks.com and/or the collection agency may pursue in court claims limited to the collection of past due amounts and any interest or cost of collection permitted by law or these terms. (however, omahasteaks.com disclaims any and all liability, and you relieve omahasteaks.com from any and all liability, with respect to the conduct of any such collection agency.) in addition, omahasteaks.com may seek injunctive relief in any court with respect to any violation of a patent, trademark, service mark, copyright, trade secret, and/or other intellectual property rights of omahasteaks.com or of any third party. you may choose to pursue your claim in court and not by arbitration if: (a) your claim qualifies for small claims court in a location where jurisdiction and venue over you and omahasteaks.com is proper, in which case you may initiate proceedings in small claims court; or (b) you opt out of these arbitration procedures within thirty (30) days from the date you first access or otherwise use this site or any information or materials contained on the site (the "opt-out deadline"). you may opt out by writing to us at either of the following addresses: omahasteaks.com, llc11030 "o" streetomaha, ne 68137attn: legal legal@omahasteaks.com either you or omahasteaks.com may start an arbitration proceeding by sending to the other, by certified mail, a letter requesting arbitration ("demand"). if you start the arbitration, you must send the demand to omahasteaks.com, attn.: general counsel, 11030 o street, omaha, ne 68137. the demand must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and (ii) set forth the relief sought. the american arbitration association's ("aaa") commercial arbitration rules and the supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes (collectively, the "aaa rules"), as modified by these terms of use, will govern the arbitration. the aaa rules are available online at www.adr.org, or by calling the aaa at 1-800-778-7879. if your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing under the aaa rules. if your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the aaa rules. regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a written opinion sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision is based. upon you or omahasteaks.com filing an arbitration demand, omahasteaks.com will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees, unless your claim exceeds $75,000. if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek more than $75,000 in damages, the aaa rules will govern the payment of these fees. all issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision are for a court to decide. unless omahasteaks.com and you agree otherwise in writing, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) in which your most recent billing address (as you provided to omahasteaks.com) is located. one arbitrator, who is selected under the aaa rules and who has expertise in consumer disputes in the food industry, will conduct the arbitration. if no arbitrator possessing such expertise is available, then the arbitration will be conducted by a single arbitrator who is selected by the mutual written approval of you and omahasteaks.com. the decisions of the arbitrator will be binding and conclusive on all parties. judgment upon any award of the arbitrator may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction. this provision will be specifically enforceable in any court. the arbitrator must follow this agreement and can award the same damages and relief as a court (including attorneys' fees). you or omahasteaks.com must bring any claim arising out of or related to these terms or our relationship within one (1) year after the claim arises, or the claim will be permanently barred. to the extent the law applicable under subsection (c) of these terms of use makes this limitations period unenforceable with respect to any claim(s), then the statutes of limitations of the state whose laws govern these terms under subsection (c) shall apply. you and omahasteaks.com agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class or representative action. neither you nor omahasteaks.com shall be a member in a class, consolidated, or representative action or proceeding, and the arbitrator may award relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. if you timely opt out of the arbitration provision in the manner described above, then the waiver of the right to participate in a class action will not apply to you. omahasteaks.com does not consent to class arbitration; accordingly, if a court refuses to enforce this subsection (b), then the agreement to arbitrate shall be unenforceable as to you. whether a claim proceeds in court or in arbitration, you and omahasteaks.com hereby waive any right to a jury trial.. c. governing law. these terms, and any disputes arising between you and omahasteaks.com related in any way to these terms of use or omahasteaks.com's products, including but not limited to disputes over billing, service, privacy, advertising, or omahasteaks.com's or its associates' communications with you, whether based on contract, tort, statute, or common law, will be governed by the laws of the state in which your most recent billing address (as you provided to omahasteaks.com) is located, without regard to choice of law principles. steaklover rewards program terms and conditions the steaklover rewards program (the "program") is operated by bt gift certificates, llc (d/b/a omaha steaks) and offered by omaha steaks and affiliated companies. as a member, your participation in the steaklover rewards confirms your agreement to be bound by the terms described herein and all terms incorporated by reference. by completing the registration process for the program, you represent that you can and will be legally bound by this agreement. no member may participate if doing so would be prohibited by any applicable law or regulation. please read these terms and conditions carefully; if you do not agree with any of these terms, do not access or otherwise use this site or any information or materials contained on the site. your use of the site shall be deemed to be your acceptance of the terms set forth below. by accepting, you are agreeing to every provision of this agreement whether or not you have read it. eligibility the program membership is available to u.s. residents who have reached the age of majority in the state where they reside. omaha steaks and affiliated companies' employees are not eligible to participate in the program. membership is only available to individuals. distributors, wholesalers, resellers and other exclusive business to business promotional programs are excluded from membership. earning points program points ("points") may be earned on the dollar amount of product purchases only excludes wine, wine & food packs, last minute gifts, gift cards, certificates, box plans, gift baskets, kings court package, gourmet salame, caviar, fresh seafood, cheese, sugarfina, custom cuts, shipping and handling and sales taxes. points may be earned based on selected member actions (make a purchase, download the app, or refer a friend) the maximum accrual of points allowed is 5,000 points per calendar quarter ( ex. january 1 - march 31) member will receive points for the paid portion of an order (reward card redemption amount is excluded) points earned on purchases of omaha steaks products will credit to member's account at shipment of the final piece of the order (no pending status) points earned for non-purchase events will post to the member's account within 72 hours referral program, see program rules below fractional point will be rounded down: ex: 1 point per dollar, order value $100.10, points earned: 100 ex: 1 point per dollar, order value $100.90, points earned: 100 new members will earn 2 points per dollar spent on qualifying products beginning with their first purchase after enrolling in the program. in cases where a new member has placed multiple orders, the first order that has completed shipping (no pending status) will earn 2 points per dollar spent and subsequent completed orders will receive 1 point per dollar spent. new members who enroll in a california or massachusetts omaha steaks retail store will get 200 points in lieu of earning points for the first purchase and will then earn one point per dollar spent starting with the second purchase. point redemption and expiration additional promotions and/or redemption options, including chances to win members-only sweepstakes, will be available from time to time. maximum redemption per calendar quarter (ex. january 1- march 31) is 5,000 points points will be reserved when order is placed points redeemed will be deducted when order is shipped steaklover rewards points may be redeemed for multiple rewards on a single transaction. dollars off rewards can be redeemed with a product redemption(s) on the same purchase. (limit 1 dollars off reward per shipment - up to $20 off) your reward must ship with an order. earned points will expire 6 months after they are earned gift points given to a member without a member purchase or non-purchase qualifying activity will expire at the discretion of omaha steaks. steaklover rewards points may be redeemed on first subscription program order but are ineligible on subsequent subscription program orders. claims / refunds claims involving replacement product of equal value will require no adjustment to the points earned on the original order for claims involving a credit or refund, member's points will be reduced accordingly if points were deducted on the original order that is being refunded, points will be increased accordingly a member's point balance is allowed to go negative program communications program registration indicates member's agreement to receive transactional emails members may unsubscribe from transactional program communications by cancelling their membership at any time program messaging via email that is promotional in nature will abide by member's email opt-in status. silver tier members will qualify for the silver tier benefits ("tier members") upon spending $300 or more in 12 months. silver tier eligibility will include only transactions occurring after the beginning of the steaklover program launch. members will learn of their silver tier status and benefits via email, or through interaction with a call center representative or store associate. silver tier members will enjoy these added benefits if their spending is at least $300 for the prior 12 months. silver tier expiration rules upon qualification, members will remain in the silver tier with access to all tier benefits for a 12-month period. if during those 12 months, the member spends an additional $300, the silver tier status will be in effect for an additional 12 months from the original date that they became tier eligible. silver tier benefits will be issued annually and will be refreshed following a full 12 months of eligibility if the member retains silver tier status. if the member does not meet the spend requirements, they will lose their silver tier status and related benefits at the end of the 12 month period. steaklover rewards gold program: there is a $39.99 fee for a one-year membership which includes free standard shipping (https://www.omahasteaks.com/info/shipping-information). to enjoy free standard shipping through the membership, a $79.99 minimum product purchase to each address is required, and orders may be shipped to multiple addresses. 100 maximum annual shipments. free gift included in each shipment. members must be enrolled in the steaklover rewards program and will earn extra points on their purchases with steaklover rewards gold. distributors, wholesalers, resellers, and other exclusive business-to-business promotional programs are ineligible for membership. annual fee is nonrefundable. omaha steaks reserves the right to modify this program at any time, and membership is subject to all omaha steaks terms of use (https://www.omahasteaks.com/info/terms-of-use). refer a friend program only a program member may refer a friend ("friend"). existing member's friend will receive a personal invitation from you to sign up for steaklover rewards and try omaha steaks products. with your referral, your friend will get $25 off their first order of $159 or more and access to exclusive member only offers. at the time the friend enrolls in the steaklover rewards program through the refer a friend program, the existing member will receive 400 points, subject to the maximum allowed for one year. (max 5 per year) the member will only receive points for the referral if the friend is new to omaha steaks and the steaklover rewards program. miscellaneous rules program availability omaha steaks reserves the right to terminate, discontinue, modify or cancel the program at any time and in its sole discretion without notice to a member. error and omissions omaha steaks reserves the right to adjust a member's account at any time for any and all points awarded, deducted or omitted due to errors or miscalculations. the resolution of any discrepancy in a member's points balance shall be at the sole discretion of omaha steaks gift cards. membership cancellation omaha steaks reserves the right to cancel or terminate your membership account in the steaklover rewards program if it determines in its sole discretion that you have violated these terms and conditions or that the use of your account is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent, or otherwise unlawful. changes in terms and conditions omaha steaks reserves the right to change, limit, modify or cancel program terms and conditions, including the points rewards schedule or points rewards redemption schedule. any changes in the program terms and conditions will be effective immediately unless stated otherwise. all members will be bound by all program terms and conditions changes. point value program points accumulated under the program are promotional and have no cash value. data privacy please refer to the respective websites' terms of use and privacy policy. by applying for membership, you are bound by these terms of use and privacy policies. communications not received omaha steaks is not liable for lost or misdirected correspondence concerning balances, redemptions, or requests. program interpretation interpretation of the programs' terms and conditions shall be at the sole discretion of omaha steaks. non-transferrable program points are not transferrable. pricing and product information omahasteaks.com will confirm the price of items selected after you place your order. while omahasteaks.com strives to provide accurate product and pricing information, unintentional pricing or typographical errors may occur. photos are exemplary of product advertised. omahasteaks.com reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information (including, without limitation, information related to text, pricing, availability and product descriptions) at any time without notice (including after you submitted your order and confirmation was received). in the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information, omahasteaks.com shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any purchased orders placed for that item. if your credit card has been charged for any order subsequently cancelled, omahasteaks.com will issue a credit to your credit card. individual bank policies will dictate when this amount is credited to your account. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. prices and availability of products offered by omaha steaks are subject to change without notice. some products may not be available for sale in your area. references to discounts and amounts of savings offered by omaha steaks are based on omaha steaks' "buy more, save more" comparison of full value and discounted prices. the base quantity item of each product provides the comparison to the discounts achievable with the purchase of more than one item or multiples of the base quantity of an item. when the base quantity of an item refers to a price per "person", "serving", or "feeds", the amount is based on estimates, not fda guidelines for nutritional value disclosure purposes. if you are not fully satisfied with your purchase, you may refer to our unconditional guarantee. unless otherwise noted, prices do not include shipping costs or applicable taxes. using reward cards reward cards are issued by omaha steaks gift cards and are subject to the terms and conditions listed on each card. using gift cards gift cards are issued by omaha steaks gift cards and are subject to the terms and conditions listed on each card. the gift cards do not expire and any remaining balance can be used for future purchases. omaha steaks gift cards ("omaha steaks") reserves the right to reject any gift cards at its own discretion for any reason. proof of purchase, an image or copy of the physical gift card or electronic gift card in your possession, and an image or copy of a governmental-issued i.d. may be required before an order will be processed and shipped. omaha steaks will not accept any gift card, or will limit use of any gift card balance, if we reasonably believe that the use is unauthorized, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful. omaha steaks has no liability to you for any third party fraud or unlawful activity associated with any gift card balance. if omaha steaks discovers that any gift card or gift card balance was sourced or derived from fraud or other unlawful activity, it may be suspended or terminated. we may cancel the gift card, and retain any balance, at any time without notice. we may use retained gift card balances to help offset any losses or liability associated with misuse. gift cards, in either physical or electronic form, are the property of omaha steaks. omaha steaks is under no obligation to authorize partial or full reimbursement of the gift card funds if misused. omaha steaks, at its sole discretion, may condition reimbursement upon proof of purchase. using first order promo codes first order promo code is a one-time use discount code valid only on the first order placed by new customers or customers whose last purchase was more than 366 days prior to current order date. minimum purchase may apply. only one code per customer, cannot be used on other offers, previous sales, gift cards, wine, gift baskets, or custom cuts. omaha steaks reserves the right to amend these terms or to vary or discontinue the offer without prior notice. redeem the code online, by phone, or at omaha steaks retail locations. wine wine sales are subject to the following additional terms: you must be 21 years of age or older to order, purchase or receive delivery of wine products. by submitting information through the site you represent that you meet these age restrictions. wine is sold and delivered by our supplier, wine.com. omaha steaks is the marketing agent. all wine prices include shipping and handling. wine purchases do not qualify for express, rush and saturday rush delivery. your wine and gourmet food packages will ship separately. your wine will arrive in approximately 7 days or less from the day you place your order, unless you have requested a delayed arrival date. wine products cannot be shipped to all locations. information regarding states and zip codes that are not currently serviced will appear at the time that orders are placed. offer void where prohibited by law. omaha steaks reward cards are not redeemable for wine purchases. validating your order after you place an order at the site using our shopping cart, we will check the information you give us for validity, by verifying your method of payment or shipping address. we reserve the right to reject any order you place with us, and/or to limit quantities on any order, without giving any reason. if we reject your order, we will attempt to notify you. your credit or debit card will normally not be charged if we reject an order, but we will process a refund if the charge has been made against your card. your receipt of an electronic or other form of order acknowledgement does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. the omahasteaks.com site reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. our unconditional guarantee omahasteaks.com stands behind its products. if you are not absolutely thrilled with your purchase from omaha steaks, for any reason at all, we'll cheerfully replace your purchase or refund your money, whichever you prefer. when you order from omaha steaks, your satisfaction is always unconditionally guaranteed, so you can order with complete confidence. if at any time you have problems with an order, simply contact customer service. we reserve the right to limit refunds and replacements. we guarantee delivery only to the addresses we are provided; which are confirmed on the order acknowledgement. order limitations while we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of all information, we reserve the right to limit refunds and replacements and to make corrections if an error occurs. please check all shipping addresses carefully. as we are shipping perishable goods we cannot guarantee the condition of the package if our delivery service has to reroute the cooler. we guarantee delivery only to the addresses we are provided; which are confirmed on the order acknowledgement. omahasteaks.com may, at its own discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. these restrictions may include orders placed by the same omahasteaks.com site account, the same credit card, and orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. in the event we make a change to an order, we will notify you. shipping all orders placed on this site are subject to product availability and will be shipped according to omahasteaks.com shipping policies. please refer to our shipping page for more information on our shipping rates and procedures. at omaha steaks your complete satisfaction is our top priority. while we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of all information, we reserve the right to limit refunds and replacements and to make corrections if an error occurs. please check all shipping addresses carefully. as we are shipping perishable goods we cannot guarantee the condition of the package if our delivery service has to reroute the cooler. we guarantee delivery only to the addresses we are provided; which are confirmed on the order acknowledgement. termination of use omahasteaks.com may, in its sole discretion, terminate your account or your use of the site at any time. you are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. web accessibility policy omahasteaks.com ("omaha steaks") is committed to facilitating the accessibility and usability of its website, www.omahasteaks.com (the "website"). to accomplish this, omaha steaks will be implementing over time the relevant portions of the world wide web consortium's web content accessibility guidelines 2.0 level aa ("wcag 2.0 aa") and its subsequent iterations as its web accessibility standard, which will also bring the website and other consumer facing properties into further conformance with the section 508 web accessibility standards developed by the united states access board. our website will be tested on a periodic basis with assistive technology such as screen readers and screen magnifiers, and with users with disabilities who use these technologies. we have engaged an experienced accessibility consultant to assess the website and to provide omaha steaks with specific recommendations to facilitate website accessibility and conformance with wcag 2.0 aa standards. omaha steaks has adopted this website accessibility policy to support its commitment to the accessibility of its website. contact omaha steaks with your accessibility questions: please be aware that our efforts are ongoing. if, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular web page on this website, please contact us at legal@omahasteaks.com. if you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page in your email, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page accessible for you. dmca notice if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content, information, or communication on the site infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a written notice of infringement pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act, 17 u.s.c. § 512 (the "dmca"). all notices of infringement should be sent to the designated agent of omahasteaks.com identified below and should include the following information: (a) an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest, (b) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, (c) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site, (d) your address, telephone number, and e-mail address, (e) a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law, and (f) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. notices of infringement should be directed to the following designated agent of omahasteaks.com: omahasteaks.com, llc 11030 o street, omaha, ne 68137 attn. legal or e-mail: legal@omahasteaks.com if you submit a notice of infringement that knowingly materially misrepresents that any content, information, or communication on the site is infringing upon a copyright, you may be held liable for damages and attorneys' fees. if you believe that your content, information, or communication has been removed from the site due to an erroneous claim of infringement, you may have remedies available to you under the dmca. indemnification you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold omahasteaks.com and its associates, and their respective directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the site, your violation of these terms of use or your posting or transmission of any materials on or through the site. no waiver if we don't enforce our rights under this agreement in one instance, that doesn't mean we won't or can't enforce those rights in any other instance. customer appreciation at omahasteaks.com we strive to provide great products and service to all of our customers. thank you for considering us when shopping online for steaks, seafood and other gourmet items. our goal is to deliver exceptional experiences that bring people together. guaranteed. subscription program - terms & conditions these terms and conditions ("agreement") govern your use of the omaha steaks subscription plan program ("subscription program") offered by omahasteaks.com, llc ("omahasteaks.com", "we", "us"). by subscribing to and using the subscription program, you agree to comply with and be bound by the terms and conditions outlined below: subscription program description 1.1 the subscription program enables you to receive regular deliveries based on the subscription plan you select. subscription terms 2.1 subscription eligibility: you must be at least 18 years old to subscribe to the subscription program. by subscribing, you represent that you are of legal age to enter into this agreement. 2.2 subscription plans: you may choose from the available subscription plans offered by omahasteaks.com. each plan may have different pricing, meal options, and delivery frequency. the specific details of your selected plan will be provided during the subscription process. while enrolled in the subscription program, you may also from time to time have options to select one-time products or services to include with a shipment under your plan. 2.3 subscription period: the subscription program operates on an ongoing basis until you choose to cancel your subscription. the subscription period begins upon successful enrollment and continues until cancellation. this is an automatic renewal program as specified in section 3.3 below. 2.4 program suspension or termination: omahasteaks.com may suspend or terminate your participation in the subscription program at any time for any reason without notice. omahasteaks.com may also suspend, modify, or terminate the subscription program at any time for any reason without notice. if omahasteaks.com modifies the subscription program in a way that will result in higher fees, omahasteaks.com will provide notice to you in accordance with section 3.4 below. billing and payment 3.1 subscription fees: by subscribing to the subscription program, you agree to pay the applicable subscription fees as specified during the signup process plus any required governmental taxes or fees. the fees may vary depending on your selected plan and any additional services you opt for. 3.2 payment authorization: by subscribing to omahasteaks.com's subscription program, you authorize omahasteaks.com to charge the payment method provided by you for all fees and costs associated with your subscription program. you acknowledge that the payment will be charged at the beginning of each billing cycle, which may occur weekly, monthly, or as otherwise specified in your chosen plan. by providing a credit card or any other accepted payment method, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to use the designated payment method and you grant us (or our third-party payment processor(s)) permission to charge your payment method for all charges incurred for the purchase of any subscriptions or other products, including applicable taxes and additional charges (referred to as an "order"). you are responsible for and agree to pay all such charges. if omahasteaks.com or our third-party payment processor(s) cannot obtain authorization to charge your payment method, or if any authorized charges are reversed or charged back for any reason, we may, at our discretion and in addition to any other available remedies, take the following actions: cancel or suspend any undelivered portion of your orders, make subsequent attempts to charge your payment method, and/or use any other legal means to collect payment for outstanding amounts owed to us. you will remain responsible for paying all applicable charges for all orders. it is your responsibility to provide and maintain a valid payment method on file with us. however, please note that your failure to do so does not constitute the cancellation of any order. should you wish to change or update the payment information associated with your account, you can easily do so by logging into your account and editing your payment details. 3.3 automatic renewal: your subscription will automatically renew for successive billing cycles in accordance with the billing frequency and in the amounts indicated to you at purchase unless you cancel your subscription in accordance with section 4 of this agreement. 3.4 price changes: all prices on our websites are shown in u.s. dollars and applicable taxes and other charges, if any, are additional. we reserve the right to adjust prices as we may determine in our sole discretion, at any time and without notice, including without limitation, as based on geographic or other criteria as we may establish from time to time; provided, however, that if we change the amounts or other charges associated with our various subscription plans in a manner that will increase the amount you pay, we will provide advance notice of such changes. we will not, however, be able to notify you of changes in any applicable taxes or governmental fees. 3.5 taxes: you are responsible for any applicable taxes or duties imposed on the subscription fees or associated with the subscription program, except for taxes based on omahasteaks.com's net income. 3.6 substitution: all our products are subject to availability, and we reserve the right to impose quantity limits on any order, to reject all or part of an order, to discontinue offering certain products and to substitute products without prior notice. we strive to provide you with high-quality products and given the perishable nature of certain products and market conditions beyond our control, we may be required to make substitutions from time to time. 3.7 shipping and handling: you agree to pay any shipping and handling charges shown at the time you make a purchase. we reserve the right to increase, decrease, add or eliminate shipping and handling charges from time to time, but we will provide notice of the charges applicable to you before you make your purchase and if during the term of your subscription program the shipping and handling charges increase from those initially indicated at purchase, we will provide you notice of the change. generally, shipping is handled by a third-party courier. when you purchase a product from our websites, any shipping times shown are estimates only. actual delivery dates may vary. you agree that you will not obtain, or direct shipment of, a product for export. subscription cancellation 4.1 cancellation process: you may cancel your subscription at any time by accessing your account settings on omahasteaks.com's website (www.omahasteaks.com) or by contacting customer support at custserv@omahasteaks.com or 800-919-9986. cancellation requests must be received before the next billing cycle to avoid charges for the subsequent period. the cancellation request will be processed for the next scheduled bill date. you remain responsible for all charges (including any applicable taxes and other charges) incurred with respect to any order processed prior to the cancellation of your subscription. account and personal information 5.1 account creation: to subscribe to the subscription program, you may be required to create an account with omahasteaks.com. you agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information as requested by omahasteaks.com during the registration process and to update such information to maintain its accuracy. 5.2 account security: you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials and for any activity that occurs under your account. you agree to notify omahasteaks.com immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. 5.3 personal information: the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information by omahasteaks.com is governed by its privacy policy, which is incorporated into this agreement by reference. modification of agreement 6.1 omahasteaks.com reserves the right to modify or update this agreement at any time. any changes will be effective upon posting the revised agreement on omahasteaks.com's website. it is your responsibility to review the agreement periodically to stay informed of any modifications. 6.2 you may not amend or revise this agreement and any purported attempt by you to amend or revise this agreement will be void. limitations of liability & disclaimer of warranties 7.1 to the maximum extent permitted by law, omahasteaks.com shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages arising out of or in connection with your use of the subscription program or your relationship with us regardless of the form of action. 7.2 the total aggregate liability of omahasteaks.com for all claims arising in connection with your use of the subscription program or your relationship with us will not exceed an amount equal to the total amount of fees paid by you to us in connection with the subscription program in the three months preceding the facts giving rise to the claim. 7.3 to the maximum extent permitted by law, omahasteaks.com provides the subscription program "as-is" and disclaims all warranties including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. your state may not permit such disclaimers of warranties, in which case some or all of the foregoing disclaimer of warranties will not apply to you. 7.4 notwithstanding section 7.3, if you are dissatisfied with a product received as part of your subscription program, please let us know and we will either replace the product or refund a portion of your subscription fees reasonably allocated to the product. we reserve the right to limit refunds and replacements in our discretion to prevent fraud and abuse. we will not be responsible for dissatisfaction as a result of the delivery service rerouting the order and we only guarantee deliver to the address provided by you at purchase. governing law and dispute resolution 8.1 this agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of nebraska. subject to the dispute resolution mechanisms below, any disputes arising out of or relating to this agreement or the subscription program shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in douglas county, nebraska. 8.2 all disputes between us will be resolved in accordance with the procedures set forth below: a. you agree to provide omahasteaks.com an opportunity informally to resolve your dispute. before you may pursue or participate in a dispute (or raise such dispute as a defense) in any court or arbitration against omahasteaks.com or its associates for any claims, including claims related in any way to omahasteaks.com products, these terms of use, billing, privacy, advertising, or omahasteaks.com's or its associates' communications with you, you must first send a written description of your claim to: omahasteaks.com, llc 11030 o street, omaha, ne 68137, attn: legal, and you must allow omahasteaks.com a reasonable opportunity to resolve your dispute. your written notice must describe the problem in reasonable detail, and identify or enclose all relevant documents and information. you and omahasteaks.com agree to negotiate in good faith with each other to try to resolve your claim. if you and omahasteaks.com do not reach a resolution of your dispute within sixty (60) days after omahasteaks.com receives your written notice of claim, you may pursue your claim in arbitration or, solely to the extent specifically provided below, in court. b. arbitration. you and omahasteaks.com agree to arbitrate all disputes between the parties, except as provided in this subsection (b). arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. this arbitration agreement covers any dispute arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, even if the claim arises or may arise before or after the term of this agreement. for purposes of this arbitration provision, references to "omahasteaks.com," includes our associates. this arbitration agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and the federal arbitration act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. notwithstanding the arbitration agreement set forth in the prior paragraph, if you fail to pay in full any amounts you owe when they are due, omahasteaks.com may assign your account for collection, and omahasteaks.com and/or the collection agency may pursue in court claims limited to the collection of past due amounts and any interest or cost of collection permitted by law or this agreement. however, omahasteaks.com disclaims any and all liability, and you relieve omahasteaks.com from any and all liability, with respect to the conduct of any such collection agency. in addition, omahasteaks.com may seek injunctive relief in any court with respect to any violation of a patent, trademark, service mark, copyright, trade secret, and/or other intellectual property rights of omahasteaks.com or of any third party. you may choose to pursue your claim in court and not by arbitration if: (a) your claim qualifies for small claims court in a location where jurisdiction and venue over you and omahasteaks.com is proper, in which case you may initiate proceedings in small claims court; or (b) you opt out of these arbitration procedures within thirty (30) days from the date you first enroll in the subscription program (the "opt-out deadline"). you may opt out by writing to us at either of the following addresses: omaha steaks international, llc11030 "o" streetomaha, ne 68137attn: legal legal@omahasteaks.com either you or omahasteaks.com may start an arbitration proceeding by sending to the other, by certified mail, a letter requesting arbitration ("demand"). if you start the arbitration, you must send the demand to omaha steaks international, llc, attn: legal, 11030 o street, omaha, ne 68137. the demand must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and (ii) set forth the relief sought. the american arbitration association's ("aaa") commercial arbitration rules and the supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes (collectively, the "aaa rules"), as modified by these terms of use, will govern the arbitration. the aaa rules are available online at www.adr.org, or by calling the aaa at 1-800-778-7879. if your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing under the aaa rules. if your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the aaa rules. regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a written opinion sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision is based. upon you or omahasteaks.com filing an arbitration demand, omahasteaks.com will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees, unless your claim exceeds $75,000. if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek more than $75,000 in damages, the aaa rules will govern the payment of these fees. all issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision are for a court to decide. unless omahasteaks.com and you agree otherwise in writing, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) in which your most recent billing address (as you provided to omahasteaks.com) is located. one arbitrator, who is selected under the aaa rules and who has expertise in consumer disputes in the food industry, will conduct the arbitration. if no arbitrator possessing such expertise is available, then the arbitration will be conducted by a single arbitrator who is selected by the mutual written approval of you and omahasteaks.com. the decisions of the arbitrator will be binding and conclusive on all parties. judgment upon any award of the arbitrator may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction. this provision will be specifically enforceable in any court. the arbitrator must follow this agreement and can award the same damages and relief as a court (including attorneys' fees). you or omahasteaks.com must bring any claim arising out of or related to this agreement or our relationship within one (1) year after the claim arises, or the claim will be permanently barred. you and omahasteaks.com agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class or representative action. neither you nor omahasteaks.com shall be a member in a class, consolidated, or representative action or proceeding, and the arbitrator may award relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. if you timely opt out of the arbitration provision in the manner described above, then the waiver of the right to participate in a class action will not apply to you. omahasteaks.com does not consent to class arbitration; accordingly, if a court refuses to enforce this subsection (b), then the agreement to arbitrate shall be unenforceable as to you. whether a claim proceeds in court or in arbitration, you and omahasteaks.com hereby waive any right to a jury trial. entire agreement 9.1 this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and omahasteaks.com regarding the subscription program and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations, and understandings, whether written or oral. by subscribing to the subscription program, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this agreement. last updated: december 27, 2023 sign in email address * show password * sign in forgot your email? forgot your password? sign in with google sign in with facebook are you new here? get the complete omaha steaks experience by creating an account. create account looking for something else? order status steaklover rewards find a store welcome back{{globalvars.sessionuserinfo.firstname ? ', ' + globalvars.sessionuserinfo.firstname : ''}}! sign in successful! continue create your account already have an account? sign in keep track of orders find the status of your orders and signup for alerts. better gifting never miss giving the perfect birthday gift again. faster shopping favorites make it quick and easy to reorder. full name* email address* show password* show confirm password* join steaklover rewards by checking "join steaklover rewards" you agree to enroll in the steaklover rewards loyalty program and to the terms of use, privacy policy, and ca/co financial incentive notice. by creating an account you agree to the omaha steaks terms of use and privacy policy. as a member you will receive the latest news, updates, and promotions from omaha steaks. you may update your contact preferences at any time. create account sign in with google sign in with facebook {{onboardingform.activestep}} of 3 get the completeomaha steaksexperience i usually shop for: my household gifts business gifts return to my account anytime to update your information, manage favorites, leave reviews and check your order status! {{onboardingform.shoptypeselected ? 'next':'skip'}} share your birthday for exclusive offers and special birthday surprises from omaha steaks! birthday mm/dd {{onboardingform.validbirthdate ? 'next':'skip'}} provide your phone number for a better experience: even easier login and password reset faster, more accurate order updates exclusive omaha steaks deals phone number {{onboardingform.validphonenumber ? 'next':'skip'}} welcome {{globalvars.sessionuserinfo.firstname ? (', ' + globalvars.sessionuserinfo.firstname) : ''}} sign in successful! continue [{"cities":[{"city":"phoenix","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"21001 n. tatum blvd.","addr2":"suite 10","area":"desert ridge shopping center","city":"phoenix","description":"omaha steaks is located on hwy 101 & tatum next to total wine with barbeques galore","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"4805159621","id":"184","latitude":"0334042n","longitude":"1115838w","name":"phoenix-desert ridge","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"4805159605","state":"az","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 11-6","zip":"85050"}]}],"description":"arizona","state":"az"},{"cities":[{"city":"huntington beach","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"18563 main st.","addr2":"","area":"5 points plaza","city":"huntington beach","description":"omaha steaks is located at 5 points plaza, next to pier one.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"7148416153","id":"408","latitude":"0334136n","longitude":"1175924w","name":"huntington beach-5 points plaza","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"7148418733","state":"ca","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"92648"}]}],"description":"california","state":"ca"},{"cities":[{"city":"colorado springs","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"1605 briargate parkway #107","addr2":"","area":"","city":"colorado springs","description":"located at the promenade shops at briargate","dlvravail":false,"effective":"1901-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"7192660723","id":"154","latitude":"0385753n","longitude":"1044742w","name":"colorado springs","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"7192660737","state":"co","storehours":"mon-sat 10-9 & sun 10-6","zip":"80920-7811"}]},{"city":"denver","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"6300 e. hampden ave","addr2":"bldg. i suite j","area":"","city":"denver","description":"omaha steaks is located on the se corner of hampden & hwy. 25.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"3037561427","id":"141","latitude":"0393911n","longitude":"1045457w","name":"denver","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"3037561396","state":"co","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"80222"}]},{"city":"westminster","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"10449 town center dr.","addr2":"suite 400","area":"shops at walnut creek","city":"westminster","description":"omaha steaks is located in the shops at walnut creek","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"3036351482","id":"140","latitude":"0395314n","longitude":"1050432w","name":"westminster","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"3036351402","state":"co","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"80021"}]}],"description":"colorado","state":"co"},{"cities":[{"city":"south windsor","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"89 evergreen way","addr2":"","area":"the promenade shops at evergreen walk","city":"south windsor","description":"omaha steaks is located in the promenade shops at evergreen walk. conveniently located at the nw corner of evergreen way and buckland st. right next to l.l. bean and across from lowes.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"8606480489","id":"297","latitude":"0414839n","longitude":"0723327w","name":"south windsor","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"8606480410","state":"ct","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"06074"}]}],"description":"connecticut","state":"ct"},{"cities":[{"city":"boca raton","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"21318 st. andrews boulevard","addr2":"#170","area":"boca raton town square","city":"boca raton","description":"omaha steaks is located at town square. from glades rd, turn s. on st. andrews. in .6 miles turn left into town square.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"5613922477","id":"301","latitude":"0262129n","longitude":"0800813w","name":"boca raton","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"5613921366","state":"fl","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"33433"}]},{"city":"fort lauderdale","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"1201 north federal highway","addr2":"#3d","area":"sunrise square","city":"fort lauderdale","description":"omaha steaks is located at sunrise square. conveniently located at the west side of federal hwy, north of sunrise blvd.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"9545661088","id":"304","latitude":"0260828n","longitude":"0800713w","name":"fort lauderdale","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"9545662720","state":"fl","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"33304"}]},{"city":"fort myers","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"13499 us 41","addr2":"suite 215","area":"bell tower shops","city":"fort myers","description":"omaha steaks is located at bell tower shops. conveniently located at the corner of us 41 & daniels parkway near tgi fridays.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"2394374101","id":"316","latitude":"0263247n","longitude":"0815217w","name":"fort myers","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"2394373300","state":"fl","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"33907"}]},{"city":"naples","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"2367 vanderbilt beach rd.","addr2":"suite 802","area":"galleria shoppes at vanderbilt","city":"naples","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located next to fedex along airport pullings rd.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"2395910172","id":"306","latitude":"0261438n","longitude":"0814627w","name":"naples","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"2395910170","state":"fl","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"34109"}]},{"city":"pembroke pines","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"15950 pines blvd. unit b-4b","addr2":"","area":"fountain square","city":"pembroke pines","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located 1 mile west of i-75, across from publix and next to total wine.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"9544472970","id":"303","latitude":"0260027n","longitude":"0802142w","name":"pembroke pines","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"9544472840","state":"fl","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"33027"}]},{"city":"tampa","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"13129-f north dale mabry highway","addr2":"#410","area":"palms of carrollwood","city":"tampa","description":"omaha steaks is located at the palms of carollwood. conveniently located at the northeast corner of n. dale mabry & fletcher.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"8132699513","id":"307","latitude":"0280357n","longitude":"0823017w","name":"tampa","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"8132659612","state":"fl","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"33618"}]}],"description":"florida","state":"fl"},{"cities":[{"city":"oak brook","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"3041 butterfield rd.","addr2":"","area":"oak brook promenade","city":"oak brook","description":"omaha steaks is located in oak brook promenade at the corner of butterfield & meyers roads.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"6305741684","id":"139","latitude":"0415041n","longitude":"0875913w","name":"oak brook promenade","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"6305741680","state":"il","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"60523"}]},{"city":"orland park","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"14215 la grange rd.","addr2":"suite 126","area":"orland park crossing","city":"orland park","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located in the new orland crossing shopping center at 143rd and lagrange road near the new p.f. chang's.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"7082260772","id":"138","latitude":"0413756n","longitude":"0875114w","name":"orland park crossing","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"7082260755","state":"il","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"60462"}]},{"city":"schaumburg","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"601 north martingale road","addr2":"suite 120","area":"streets of woodfield","city":"schaumburg","description":"omaha steaks is located at the streets of woodfield. north of higgins rd., near loews theaters.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"8479690274","id":"133","latitude":"0420216n","longitude":"0880208w","name":"schaumburg","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"8479690388","state":"il","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"60173"}]}],"description":"illinois","state":"il"},{"cities":[{"city":"crestview hills","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"2808 town center blvd","addr2":"","area":"crestview hills town center","city":"crestview hills","description":"omaha steaks is located between hwy i-275 & dixie hwy. on the same side as joseph beth bookstore & between jos. a. bank and learning express.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"8593313608","id":"254","latitude":"0390131n","longitude":"0843440w","name":"crestview hills","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"8593313600","state":"ky","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"41017"}]}],"description":"kentucky","state":"ky"},{"cities":[{"city":"annapolis","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"2492 solomons island road","addr2":"","area":"annapolis harbour center","city":"annapolis","description":"omaha steaks is located in the annapolis harbour center.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"4102661176","id":"203","latitude":"0385833n","longitude":"0763227w","name":"annapolis","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"4105731005","state":"md","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"21401"}]},{"city":"towson","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"718 dulaney valley road","addr2":"","area":"dulaney plaza","city":"towson","description":"omaha steaks is located in dulaney plaza. conveniently located across from towson town center.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"4108257005","id":"205","latitude":"0392410n","longitude":"0763607w","name":"towson","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"4108257003","state":"md","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"21204"}]}],"description":"maryland","state":"md"},{"cities":[{"city":"burlington","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"2 f wayside rd","addr2":"","area":"wayside commons","city":"burlington","description":"omaha steaks is located at wayside commons exit 33a off route 128/95, on wayside road","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"7812294902","id":"290","latitude":"0422908n","longitude":"0711125w","name":"burlington","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"7812294900","state":"ma","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"01803"}]},{"city":"mansfield","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"280 school st.","addr2":"suite d150","area":"mansfield crossing","city":"mansfield","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located at i495 s to rt 140 n & school st. across from l. l. bean.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"5082618785","id":"292","latitude":"0420055n","longitude":"0711351w","name":"mansfield crossing","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"5082618783","state":"ma","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"02048"}]}],"description":"massachusetts","state":"ma"},{"cities":[{"city":"northville","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"20470 haggerty rd.","addr2":"","area":"3 generations","city":"northville","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located at 3 generations plaza, just south of 8 mile on the east side of haggerty road.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"7349538832","id":"263","latitude":"0422608n","longitude":"0832603w","name":"northville","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"7349538830","state":"mi","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"48167"}]},{"city":"royal oak","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"31971 woodward ave.","addr2":"","area":"normandy plaza","city":"royal oak","description":"omaha steaks is located in the normandy plaza on the west side of woodward, just south of normandy (13 ½ miles).","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"2485494514","id":"261","latitude":"0423125n","longitude":"0831132w","name":"royal oak","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"2485494054","state":"mi","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"48073"}]}],"description":"michigan","state":"mi"},{"cities":[{"city":"des peres","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"13331 manchester rd.","addr2":"","area":"des peres point ii","city":"des peres","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located in the des peres point ii shopping center on manchester road approximately 1 mile west of highway 270 near trader joe's.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"3148216772","id":"271","latitude":"0383559n","longitude":"0902807w","name":"des peres point ii","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"3148216767","state":"mo","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"63131"}]}],"description":"missouri","state":"mo"},{"cities":[{"city":"omaha","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"4400 s 96th st","addr2":"","area":"","city":"omaha","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located at 4400 south 96th street just north of \"l\" street between \"j\" street & \"i\" street.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"4025934235","id":"101","latitude":"0411251n","longitude":"0960344w","name":"omaha-96th st.","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"4025934223","state":"ne","storehours":"mon-sat 9-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"68127"},{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"17390 west center road","addr2":"","area":"lakeside","city":"omaha","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located in the lakeside plaza shopping center on west center road between 171st street & 175th street near starbucks.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"4023300773","id":"102","latitude":"0411403n","longitude":"0961057w","name":"omaha-lakeside","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"4023302260","state":"ne","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"68130"},{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"331 north 78th street","addr2":"","area":"tower plaza","city":"omaha","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located in the tower plaza shopping center on n 78th street between dodge street and cass street.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"4023921270","id":"110","latitude":"0411541n","longitude":"0960211w","name":"omaha-tower plaza","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"4023921290","state":"ne","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"68114"}]}],"description":"nebraska","state":"ne"},{"cities":[{"city":"las vegas","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"2192 north rainbow","addr2":"suite 104","area":"best in the west","city":"las vegas","description":"omaha steaks is located in the best in the west shopping center facing north rainbow.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"7026314143","id":"190","latitude":"0361156n","longitude":"1151432w","name":"las vegas-best in the west","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"7026319795","state":"nv","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"89108"}]}],"description":"nevada","state":"nv"},{"cities":[{"city":"livingston","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"4130 town center way","addr2":"","area":"livingston town center","city":"livingston","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located rt. 10 & livingston ave.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"9734220106","id":"220","latitude":"0404748n","longitude":"0741853w","name":"livingston","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"9734220104","state":"nj","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"07039"}]},{"city":"mount laurel","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"4240 dearborn circle","addr2":"unit 109","area":"","city":"mount laurel","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located at cambridge crossing center, route 38 & briggs rd.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"8562342388","id":"216","latitude":"0395810n","longitude":"0745407w","name":"mt. laurel","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"8562341188","state":"nj","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"08054"}]},{"city":"ridgewood","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"16 oak st","addr2":"","area":"","city":"ridgewood","description":"omaha steaks is located in downtown ridgewood","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"2012519264","id":"223","latitude":"0405852n","longitude":"0740703w","name":"ridgewood","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"2012519256","state":"nj","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"07450"}]}],"description":"new jersey","state":"nj"},{"cities":[{"city":"amherst","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"8244 transit rd","addr2":"","area":"","city":"amherst","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located in the eastview plaza at the corner of transit rd. & maple rd.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"1901-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"7166880671","id":"222","latitude":"0425936n","longitude":"0784149w","name":"amherst-eastview plaza","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"7166880718","state":"ny","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"14221-2820"}]},{"city":"woodbury","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"8025 jericho turnpike","addr2":"","area":"woodbury plaza shopping center","city":"woodbury","description":"woodbury town plaza","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"5164962470","id":"227","latitude":"0404902n","longitude":"0732746w","name":"woodbury","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"5164962094","state":"ny","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"11797"}]}],"description":"new york","state":"ny"},{"cities":[{"city":"charlotte","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"9831 rea road","addr2":"suite f","area":"blakeney crossing","city":"charlotte","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located at ardrey kell & rea roads, in front of best buy.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"7048144013","id":"126","latitude":"0350208n","longitude":"0804817w","name":"charlotte","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"7048144011","state":"nc","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"28277"}]}],"description":"north carolina","state":"nc"},{"cities":[{"city":"rocky river","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"21645-a center ridge road","addr2":"","area":"westwood town center","city":"rocky river","description":"omaha steaks is located at westwood town center. conveniently located near home depot on center ridge rd.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"4403565686","id":"252","latitude":"0412735n","longitude":"0815135w","name":"rocky river","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"4403565655","state":"oh","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"44116"}]}],"description":"ohio","state":"oh"},{"cities":[{"city":"allentown","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"945 airport center drive","addr2":"","area":"","city":"allentown","description":"located next to munchies yogurt.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"1901-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"6102661362","id":"201","latitude":"0403821n","longitude":"0752618w","name":"allentown","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"6102661023","state":"pa","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"18109-9384"}]},{"city":"cranberry township","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"20418 route 19","addr2":"suite 230","area":"streets of cranberry","city":"cranberry township","description":"omaha steaks is located in cranberry township. conveniently located se corner of rt 19 & american way across from la salle plaza","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"7247723517","id":"217","latitude":"0404144n","longitude":"0800616w","name":"cranberry","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"7247723515","state":"pa","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"16066"}]},{"city":"pittsburgh","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"265 settlers ridge center dr.","addr2":"","area":"settlers ridge","city":"pittsburgh","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located at settlers ridge. take ridge rd exit off 22/30 to settler's ridge. we are located near the market district and the cinemark movie theater behind rei.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"4127872769","id":"219","latitude":"0402600n","longitude":"0800747w","name":"pittsburgh","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"4127872695","state":"pa","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"15205"}]},{"city":"springfield","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"1186 baltimore pike","addr2":"","area":"olde sproul","city":"springfield","description":"omaha steaks is located at olde sproul. conveniently located at baltimore pike & 320, east of the springfield mall.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"6105448073","id":"213","latitude":"0395450n","longitude":"0752046w","name":"springfield","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"6105448015","state":"pa","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"19064"}]},{"city":"willow grove","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"4017 welsh road","addr2":"","area":"willow grove pointe center","city":"willow grove","description":"omaha steaks is located between blair mill rd. & computer ave. in front of lowe's.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"2156596752","id":"211","latitude":"0400917n","longitude":"0750822w","name":"willow grove point","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"2156596750","state":"pa","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"19090"}]}],"description":"pennsylvania","state":"pa"},{"cities":[{"city":"cranston","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"1000 chapel view blvd.","addr2":"suite 116","area":"","city":"cranston","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located on chapel view blvd off rt 2 between rt 37 and sockanosset cross rd.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"4019423396","id":"296","latitude":"0414524n","longitude":"0712737w","name":"cranston","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"4019423380","state":"ri","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"02920"}]}],"description":"rhode island","state":"ri"},{"cities":[{"city":"houston","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"650 west bough","addr2":"suite 100","area":"town & country village","city":"houston","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located in the town & country village shopping center on west bough at memorial drive.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"7134654553","id":"152","latitude":"0294626n","longitude":"0953330w","name":"houston-memorial","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"7134687441","state":"tx","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"77024"}]},{"city":"plano","stores":[{"addlinfo":"","addr1":"2208 dallas parkway","addr2":"suite 325b","area":"","city":"plano","description":"omaha steaks is conveniently located in the polo towne crossing shopping center on the northeast corner of the dallas parkway and park boulevard near target.","dlvravail":false,"effective":"2001-01-01 12:00:00","expires":"2099-12-31 11:59:59","fax":"9724037279","id":"163","latitude":"0330149n","longitude":"0964944w","name":"plano","partnerstoreid":"","phone":"9723787987","state":"tx","storehours":"mon-sat 10-7 & sun 10-6","zip":"75093"}]}],"description":"texas","state":"tx"}] { "departmentlist": [ { "linkurl": "/buy/steaks", "navigationicon": "steaks.svg", "description": "steaks", "nodeid":"nav-00001000001", "tag":"", "tagbg":"", "categories":[ { "linkurl": "/buy/steaks/filet-mignons", "description": "filet mignons", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000000", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/steaks/strip-steaks", "description": "strip steaks", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000002", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/steaks/top-sirloins", "description": "top sirloins", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000003", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/steaks/ribeyes", "description": "ribeyes", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000005", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/steaks/t-bones-and-porterhouses", "description": "t-bones & porterhouses", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000006", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/steaks/flat-iron-steaks", "description": "flat iron steaks", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000008", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/product/bistro-steaks-00000021116", "description": "bistro steaks", "nodeid": "nav-00001000210", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/shop/craft-cut-meats", "description": "craft cut meats", "nodeid": "nav-00001000316", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/steaks/prime-rib", "description": "prime rib", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000009", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/steaks/skewers-and-tips", "description": "skewers and tips", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000079", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/private-reserve", "description": "private reserve", "nodeid": "nav-00001000266", "ishidden": "true" } ] }, { "linkurl": "/buy/private-reserve", "navigationicon": "private_reserve.svg", "description": "private reserve", "nodeid":"nav-00001000144", "tag":"premium", "tagbg":"", "categories":[ { "linkurl": "/buy/private-reserve/filet-mignons", "description": "filet mignons", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000130", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/private-reserve/strip-steaks", "description": "strip steaks", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000133", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/private-reserve/ribeyes-and-rib-crowns", "description": "ribeyes & rib crowns", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000131", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/private-reserve/t-bones-and-porterhouses", "description": "t-bones & porterhouses", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000134", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/private-reserve/dry-aged-steaks", "description": "dry-aged steaks", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000329", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/private-reserve/wagyu-beef", "description": "wagyu beef", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000330", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/private-reserve/steak-packages", "description": "steak packages", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000135", "ishidden": "true" } ] }, { "linkurl": "/buy/burgers-and-franks", "navigationicon": "burgers_franks.svg", "description": "burgers & franks", "nodeid":"nav-00001000300", "tag":"", "tagbg":"", "categories":[ { "linkurl": "/buy/burgers-and-franks/gourmet-burgers", "description": "gourmet burgers", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000024", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/burgers-and-franks/franks-brats-and-sausage", "description": "franks, brats & sausages", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000025", "ishidden": "true" } ] }, { "linkurl": "/buy/chicken-and-pork", "navigationicon": "chicken_pork.svg", "description": "chicken & pork", "nodeid":"nav-00002002006", "tag":"", "tagbg":"", "categories":[ { "linkurl": "/buy/chicken-and-pork/chicken", "description": "chicken", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000355", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/chicken-and-pork/pork", "description": "pork", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000356", "ishidden": "true" } ] }, { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood", "navigationicon": "seafood.svg", "description": "seafood", "nodeid":"nav-00001000003", "tag":"", "tagbg":"", "categories":[ { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood/lobster", "description": "lobster", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000056", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood/shrimp", "description": "shrimp", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000054", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood/crab", "description": "crab", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000055", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood/scallops", "description": "scallops", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000057", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood/clams-and-mussels", "description": "clams & mussels", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000332", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood/all-shellfish", "description": "all shellfish", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000328", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood/salmon", "description": "salmon", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000044", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood/cod", "description": "cod", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000045", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood/sole", "description": "sole", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000052", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/product/steelhead-trout-fillets-00000022970", "description": "trout", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000047", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood/all-fish-fillets", "description": "all fish fillets", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000053", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/seafood/caviar", "description": "caviar", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000331", "ishidden": "true" } ] }, { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats", "navigationicon": "other_meats.svg", "description": "other meats", "nodeid":"nav-00001000301", "tag":"", "tagbg":"", "categories":[ { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/prime-rib", "description": "prime rib", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000009", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/skewers-and-tips", "description": "skewers and tips", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000079", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/grass-fed-beef", "description": "grass-fed beef", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000144", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/product/venison-strip-steaks-4-75-oz-03700", "description": "venison", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000462", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/roasts", "description": "roasts", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000030", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/turkey", "description": "turkey", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000357", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/hams", "description": "hams", "nodeid": "nav-00002002005", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/lamb", "description": "lamb", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000029", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/bison", "description": "bison", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000027", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/ribs", "description": "ribs", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000151", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/bacon", "description": "bacon", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000033", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/steak-snacks-and-beef-jerky", "description": "steak snacks & beef jerky", "nodeid": "nav-00001000182", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/other-meats/cheese-and-charcuterie", "description": "cheese & charcuterie", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000083", "ishidden": "true" } ] }, { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts", "navigationicon": "meals_sides_desserts.svg", "description": "meals, sides & desserts", "nodeid":"nav-00001000302", "tag":"", "tagbg":"", "categories":[ { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/all-meals", "description": "all meals", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000300", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/one-step-meals", "description": "one-step meals", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000351", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/skillet-meals", "description": "skillet meals", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000198", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/meal-kits", "description": "meal kits", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000353", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/labor-day", "description": "labor day", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000165", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/thanksgiving-dinner", "description": "thanksgiving dinner", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000333", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/gameday", "description": "gameday", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000185", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/holiday-dinner", "description": "holiday dinner", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000183", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/holiday-entertaining", "description": "holiday entertaining", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000182", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/new-years-eve", "description": "new year's eve", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000184", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/st-patricks-day", "description": "st. patrick's day", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000147", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/easter", "description": "easter", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000148", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/valentines-day", "description": "valentine's day", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000186", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/memorial-day", "description": "memorial day", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000192", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/july-fourth", "description": "july fourth", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000197", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/beef-appetizers", "description": "beef appetizers", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000080", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/seafood-appetizers", "description": "seafood appetizers", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000081", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/specialty-appetizers", "description": "specialty appetizers", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000082", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/appetizer-packages", "description": "appetizer packages", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000140", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/cooked-vegetables", "description": "cooked vegetables", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000086", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/potato-sides", "description": "potato sides", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000087", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/specialty-sides", "description": "specialty sides", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000088", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/soups-and-stews", "description": "soups & stews", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000089", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/cakes-and-cheesecakes", "description": "cakes & cheesecakes", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000090", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/pies-and-tarts", "description": "pies & tarts", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000092", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/specialty-desserts", "description": "specialty desserts", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000095", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/chocolates-and-candy", "description": "chocolates & candy", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000091", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals-sides-and-desserts/cookies-and-brownies", "description": "cookies & brownies", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000094", "ishidden": "true" } ] }, { "linkurl": "/buy/wine", "navigationicon": "wine.svg", "description": "wine", "nodeid":"nav-00001000010", "tag":"", "tagbg":"", "categories":[ { "linkurl": "/buy/wine/red-wines", "description": "red wines", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000125", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/wine/white-and-sparkling-wines", "description": "white & sparkling wines", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000126", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/wine/wine-gift-packs", "description": "wine gift packs", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000127", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/wine/wine-gift-baskets", "description": "gift baskets", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000097", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/wine/wine-and-steak-packs", "description": "wine & steak packs", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000358", "ishidden": "true" } ] }, { "linkurl": "/buy/gifts", "navigationicon": "gifts.svg", "description": "gifts", "nodeid":"nav-00001000007", "tag":"", "tagbg":"", "categories":[ { "linkurl": "/buy/gifts/christmas", "description": "christmas", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000106", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals/st-patricks-day", "description": "st. patrick's day", "nodeid": "nav-00001000288", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/gifts/fathers-day", "description": "father's day", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000150", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals/comfort-foods", "description": "comfort foods", "nodeid": "nav-00001000313", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/gifts/birthday", "description": "birthday", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000102", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/meals/holiday-dinner", "description": "holiday dinner", "nodeid": "nav-00001000286", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/gifts/thank-you", "description": "thank you", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000104", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/gifts/anniversary", "description": "anniversary", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000103", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/gifts/summer-grilling", "description": "summer grilling", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000500", "ishidden": "false" } ] }, { "linkurl": "/buy/kitchen-and-prep", "navigationicon": "kitchen_prep.svg", "description": "kitchen & prep", "nodeid":"nav-00001000009", "tag":"", "tagbg":"", "categories":[ { "linkurl": "/buy/kitchen-and-prep/seasonings-and-rubs", "description": "seasonings & rubs", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000121", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/kitchen-and-prep/sauces", "description": "sauces", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000122", "ishidden": "true" } , { "linkurl": "/product/seasoned-butter-sauce-1-4-oz-00795", "description": "butters & glazes", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000123", "ishidden": "false" } , { "linkurl": "/buy/kitchen-and-prep/kitchen-tools-and-accessories", "description": "kitchen tools & accessories", "nodeid": "cgy-00000000157", "ishidden": "true" } ] } ] }