来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20230312163451/https://www.golfclubs.com/golf-terminology/
================================================================================

complete golf clubs superstore | golfclubs.com skip to contentgolfclubs.com - trusted since 1995. first golf e-commerce site in history.golfclubs.com - trusted since 1995. first golf e-commerce site in history. search for: login cart / $0.00 0 no products in the cart. 0 cartno products in the cart.companyabout usreturnsterms of useprivacycontact ussite mapclub selectionwhat’s in your golf bagexpert buying guide for golf clubscustom vs. brand name equipmentchoosing a golf driverchoosing a golf club griphow to choose a golf club shaftgolf gururobin williams on golfbasic rules of golfgolf etiquettegolf terminologymost broken rules in golflearn how to grip a golf clubhow to hit a golf chip shotgolf flexibility exercisestee times and outingsdiscounted golf tee timeshow to plan a golf outingblog postsgolf terminologyuseful golf terminology19th holethe clubhouse bar.90 rulea rule used on golf courses that states cart drivers must use the cart path until they are even with their golf ball, then make a ninety degree turns to go to their ball from the cart path rather than driving all over the course.aacewhen a player hits the ball directly from the tee into the hole with one stroke. also called a hole in one.addressthe act of taking a stance and placing the club-head behind the ball. if the ball moves once a player has addressed the ball, there is a one-stroke penalty. unless it is clear that the act of the player did not cause the ball to move on purpose. if the player addresses the ball and places the head of the club behind it and in doing this causes the ball to move, a one shot penalty does not occur in this case.aggregaterefers to a score made over more than one round of play, or by two or more players playing as partners.aimgenerally, the direction in which your target lies and the direction you intend for your ball to go.air shota shot where the player addresses the balls, swings, and completely misses the golf-ball. an air shot is counted as a stroke.albatrossa hole played three strokes under par. also called a double eagle.alignmentthe position of a player’s body relative to the target line of the ball.all squarein match play, a match is all square (tied) when both players or teams have won the same number of holes.angle of approachthe angle at which the club head strikes the ball. this affects the trajectory the ball will travel and spin.approach shota shot intended to land the ball on the green.apronthe grass surface on the perimeter of the green that separates it from the surrounding fairway or rough. also known as frog-hair, or fringe.attend (the flag-stick)when a player holds and removes the flag-stick for another player.awaydescribing the golfer whose ball is farthest from the hole. the player who is away should always play first.bback ninethe last nine holes of an 18 hole golf course. playing the back nine is called “heading in”.backspina backwards spin that occurs when a player strikes the golf-ball. the spin causes the ball to stop quickly or spin backwards after landing on the green.back-swingthe first part of the golf-swing. the back-swing starts with the club-head immediately behind the ball and ends when the club-head travels back behind the player’s head. the term take-away refers to the first part of the back-swing.balla small sphere used in playing golf, which is intended to be struck by a player swinging a club. balls are usually white, covered in dimples, and made of a variety of materials.ball-markera token or a small coin used to spot the ball’s position on the green prior to lifting it.ball-washera device found on many tees for cleaning golf balls.banana-ballthe result of a severe slice that results in a trajectory in the shape of a banana. this is also referred to as an extreme slice.bare liewhen the ball lies directly on hard ground without any grass to buoy the ball up, (i.e.), where there is no grass creating a gap between ball and the ground. applicable when practicing off hard mats.best balla form of team play using two-, three-, or four-person teams. the team score on each hole is the lowest score obtained by one of the team members. for example, if player a has a 5, player b has a 6, player c has a 4, and player d has a 5, the “best ball” and team score is a 4.birdiea hole played in one stroke under par.bitesome players put a great deal of spin on their approach shots causing the ball to stop immediately when it hits the green. this phenomenon is referred to as biting or checking. depending on the amount of backspin, the ball may suck backwards.blade(i) a type of iron where the weight is distributed evenly across the back of the club-head as opposed to mainly around the perimeter (see cavity back). (ii) a type of putter with a striking face considerably wider than the distance from the face to the rear of the club-head. (iii) a shot struck “thinly” with the bottom of an iron striking high up on the golf ball, causing a low trajectory shot with a lack of control.blasta bunker shot that sends the ball, and accompanying sand, (hopefully) onto the green. also known as an explosion.blinda shot that does not allow the golfer to see where the ball will land, such as onto an elevated green from below.blocka shot played severely to the right; similar to the push.bogeya hole played one stroke over par.bouncethe measurement of the angle from the front edge of a club’s sole to the point that rests on the ground when addressing the ball. in discussing wedges, bounce describes a sole angle where the back edge of the sole is lower than the front edge, keeping them from digging too deep in sand or being stopped by tall grass.breakthe tendency of a putted ball to roll left or right of a straight line. this deviation may be a result of a number of factors or combination of factors including uneven surface, grain of the grass, how firmly the putt is struck or, in extreme circumstances, wind.bump and runa low-trajectory shot that is intended to get the ball rolling along the fairway and up onto the green. similar to a chip shot, but played from a greater distance.bunkera depression in bare ground that is usually covered with sand. also called a sand trap. it is considered a hazard under the rules of golf.ccaddiea person, often paid, who carries a player’s clubs and offers advice. players are responsible for the actions of their caddies. players cannot receive advice from anyone other than their caddy or partnercalcuttaa wager, typically in support of one team to win a tournament. in a calcutta golfers bid, auction style, on the team (or golfer) who they think will win the tournament (you can bid on your own team or yourself). all the money raised through the auction goes into an auction pool. at the end of the tournament, those who bet on the winning team (or golfer) that won the tournament receives a predetermined payout from the auction pool.carryhow far the ball travels through the air. typically regards a shot over a hazard. for example, “this shot requires a 200 yard carry to get over that water.”cart(i) a four-wheeled electrical or gas-powered vehicle for use in transporting players and their equipment from hole to hole. (ii) a hand-pulled (2-wheel) or hand-pushed (3-wheel) cart for carrying a bag of clubs, also available in powered versions controlled by remote.casual waterany temporary standing water visible after a player has taken his stance. snow and ice can also be taken as casual water, as well as water that overflows the banks of existing water hazards.cavity backany iron whose design characteristic is such that the weight is distributed primarily around the outer edges of the club-head in order to maximize forgiveness on off-center hits.chipa short shot (typically played from very close to and around the green), that is intended to travel through the air over a very short distance and roll the remainder of the way to the hole.chunka swing that results in the club-head hitting the ground before the ball, resulting in a large chunk of ground being taken as a divot. also called a fat shot, or “chili-dipping”.clonebudget brand golf clubs that look similar to, and emulate the characteristics of, more expensive clubs without breaching any patents.closed facewhen (in relation to the target-line) the club-face is angled toward the player’s body, i.e., angled left for right-handed players.closed stancewhen a player’s front foot is set closer to the target-line. used to draw the ball or to prevent a slice.club(i) an instrument used by a player to hit a golf ball. a player is allowed to carry up to fourteen (14) clubs during a round of golf. (ii) an organized group of golfers, usually owning or managing a golf course. (iii) the entirety of a golf facility, including course, club-house, pro-shop, practice areas etc.club-headthe part of a club that used to strike the ball.club-facethe surface of the club-head which is designed to strike the golf ball. striking the ball with the center of the clubface maximizes distance and accuracy.clubhousea building on a golf course providing facilities for golfers, typically including changing rooms, bar, restaurant, offices for club officials and noticeboards with information about local rules, the conditions of the course, upcoming events etc. a clubhouse may incorporate a pro shop and dormie house. the clubhouse is normally located adjacent to the first and final holes of the course.compressionthe measurement for expressing the hardness of a golf ball, normally 90 compression. harder balls (100coursea designated area of land on which golf is played through a normal succession from hole #1 to the last hole.course ratingcourse rating is a numerical value given to each set of tees at a particular golf course to approximate the number of strokes it should take a scratch golferto complete the course.courtesy of the coursethe waiver of the green fee. sometimes extended to visiting golfers playing in official competitions, visiting professional golfers and staff of other golf clubs.cross-handeda putting (and, occasionally, full-swing) grip in which the hands are placed in positions opposite that of the conventional grip. for right-handed golfers, a cross-handed grip would place the left hand below the right. also known as the “left-hand low” grip, it has been known to help players combat the yips.cut(i) the reduction in the size of the field during a multiple round stroke play tournament. the cut is usually set so that a fixed number of players, plus anyone tied for that place, or anyone within a certain number of strokes of the lead will participate in the subsequent round(s) (typically 70 and ties; the masters is top 50 or those within ten strokes, whichever is greater). tournaments may have more than one cut (pga tour events with more than 79 players remaining after the cut will cut to 70 for the final round; players cut in the second cut will receive fedex cup points and money for finishing in their respective position). (ii) a shot similar to a fade, a cut curves from left to right (for a right-handed player), but is generally higher in trajectory.ddeadtv-broadcaster slang for a shot in which there is no favorable outcome possible.dimplesthe round indentations on a golf ball cover which are scientifically designed to enable the ball to make a steady and true flight. dimples, by reducing drag, allow a golf ball to stay in the air for a longer flight than would be possible with a smooth ball.divot(i) the chunk of grass and earth displaced during a stroke. (ii) the indentation on the green caused by the ball on an approach shot; more properly called a pitch mark or ball mark.doglega hole where the fairway is straight for some distance and then bends to the left or right. these holes are so-named because they resemble the shape of a dog’s leg.dormie or dormya situation in match play when a player or team leads by as many holes as there are holes left to play. for example, four up with four holes to play is called “dormie-four”.double bogeya hole played two strokes over par.double eaglea hole played three strokes under par. also called an albatross.downswinga motion involving the body and golf-club used to move the club from the top of the swing to the point of impact.drawa shot that, for a right-handed golfer, curves to the left; often played intentionally by skilled golfers. an overdone draw usually becomes a hook.drivethe first shot of each hole, made from an area called the tee box (see definition below), usually done with a driver (a type of golf club).duck-hooka severe low hook that barely gets airborne.duffa horrible shot. typically, this is a shot where very little or no contact is made between the club-face and golf-ball. also known as dub, flub or shank.eeaglea hole played in two strokes under par.evenhaving a score equal to that of par.explosion bunker shota bunker shot that sends the ball, and accompanying sand, (hopefully) onto the green. also known as a blast.ffadea shot that, for a right-handed golfer, curves slightly to the right, and is often played intentionally by skilled golfers. an overdone fade will appear similar to a slice.fairwaythe area of the course between the tee and the green that is well-maintained allowing a good lie for the ballfairway markersfairway markers indicate the distance from the marker to the center of the green. some fairway markers give the yardage. most are color-coded as follows: yellow=250 yards, blue=200 yards, white=150 yards, red=100 yards (or meters). these colors are not standardized and may vary based on the specific course layout.fata stroke in which the club makes contact with the turf long before the ball, resulting in a poor contact and significant loss of distance.flag-sticka tall marker, often a metal pole with a flag at the top, used to indicate the position of the hole on a green. also called the pin. an additional smaller flag, or other marker, is sometimes positioned on the flag-stick to indicate the location of the hole (front, middle, or back) on the green.fliera type of lie where the ball is in the rough and grass is likely to become trapped between the ball and the club-face at the moment of impact. flier lies often result in “flier shots”, which have little or no spin (due to the blades of grass blocking the grooves on the club-face) and travel much farther than intended.flop shota short shot, played with an open stance and an open club-face, designed to travel very high in the air and land softly on the green. the flop shot is useful when players do not have “much green to work with”, but should only be attempted on the best of lies.follow throughthe final part of a golf swing, after the ball has been hit.forea warning shout given when there is a chance that the ball may hit other players or spectators.fore caddyone employed by a golfer or group of golfers to walk ahead of the players in order to spot the fall of their shots and to find their balls. more commonly used in the days of hand-made feathery balls when the cost of replacing a ball would be greater than the fore caddy’s fee. today in professional tournaments, ball spotters are normally placed at each hole for the same purpose.four-ballin match play, a contest between two sides, each consisting of a pair of players, where every individual plays his own ball throughout. on every hole, the lower of the two partner’s scores is matched against the lower of the opposition’s scores. in stroke-play, a four-ball competition is played between several teams each consisting of 2 players, where for every hole the lower of the two partner’s scores counts toward the team’s 18 hole total. the term four-ball is an informal reference to any group of 4 players on the course.foursomesin match play, a contest between two sides each consisting of a pair of players, where the 2 partners hit alternate shots on one ball. the first player tees off, the second player hits the second shot, the first player hits the third shot, and so on until the ball is holed. also partners alternate their tee shots, so that one member of each team will always tee-off on the odd holes and the other will tee off on the even holes. in stroke-play, a foursome competition is played between several teams each consisting of a pair of players, where partners play alternate shots until the single ball is holed. the term foursome is a common reference to any group of 4 players on the course.fringethe closely mowed area surrounding the green. the grass in between the green and the fairway.front nineholes 1 through 9 on a golf course.ggimmerefers to a putt that the other players agree can count automatically without actually being played (under the tacit assumption that the putt would not have been missed). “gimmes” are not allowed by the rules in stroke play, but they are often practiced in casual matches. however, in match play, either player may formally concede a stroke, a hole, or the entire match at any time, and this may not be refused or withdrawn. a player in match play will generally concede a tap-in or other short putt by his or her opponent.golf club(i) an implement used by a player to hit a golf ball. a player is allowed to carry up to fourteen (14) clubs during a round of golf. (ii) an organized group of golfers, usually owning or managing a golf course. (iii) the entirety of a golf facility, including course, club-house, pro-shop, practice areas etc.grainthe direction in which the grass grows, specifically on the green (see below). depending on the variety of grass used on the green and mowing patterns, grain can significantly influence the speed and movement of a putt.grand slamwinning all the golf’s major championships in the same calendar year. before the masters was founded, the national amateur championships of the u.s and the uk were considered majors along with the two national opens and only bobby jones has ever completed a grand slam with these. a “career grand slam” is having won each of the majors at least once, not necessarily in the same year.greenthe area of specially prepared grass around the hole, where puttsare played.green feethe charge made for a round of golf by the course management.green in regulation (gir)a  green is considered hit “in regulation” if any part of the ball is touching the putting surface and the number of strokes taken is at least two fewer than par (i.e., by the first stroke on a par 3, the second stroke on a par 4, or the third stroke on a par 5). greens in regulation percentage is one of many statistics kept by the pga tour.grounding the clubto place the club-face behind the ball on the ground at address. grounding the club is prohibited in bunkers or when playing from any marked hazard.ground under repair (gur)an area of the golf course that is being repaired. a free drop is allowed if the ball lands in an area marked “gur”.groove(i) the crevices on the face of a club that are designed to impart spin on the ball. (ii) a well-practiced swing that is easily repeatable by the golfer is often described as “well grooved”.hhacker(i) people who demonstrate very little or no golf etiquette. (ii) a poor golfer who often becomes frustrated or quits.halfin match play, a hole is halved (or tied) when both players or teams have played the same number of strokes. in some team events, such as the ryder cup and presidents cup (except for singles matches in the latter competition while its overall outcome remains in doubt), a match that is tied after 18 holes is not continued, and is called “halved”, with each team receiving half a point.handicapa number assigned to each player based on his ability and used to adjust each player’s score to provide equality among the players. in simplified terms, a handicap number, based on the slope of a course, is subtracted from the player’s gross score and gives him a net score of par or better half the time.halfway house or halfway huta building, generally between the 9th and 10th holes, providing light snacks and refreshments for golfers during their round.handsya player with too much wrist movement in their golf swing or putting stroke, causing inconsistent shots or putts.hard-panhard, usually bare, ground conditions. generally, hard-pan refers to hard, dry clay, with very little or no grass.hazardany bunker or permanent water including any ground marked as part of that water hazard. special rules apply when playing from a hazard.heelwhere the club-head is attached to the shaft.holea circular hole in the ground which is also called “the cup”, 4.25 inches (108 mm) in diameter.hole in onehitting the ball from the tee into the hole, using only one stroke.hole in one insurancemany tournaments offer large prizes if a player shoots a hole in one on a particular hole. indemnity insurance is often purchased to cover the cost should anyone make the hole in one. hole in one insurance is also available for individuals to cover the cost of a round of drinks in the event of their achieving a hole in one.hooka shot that initially takes a trajectory opposite the side of the golf ball from which the player swings but eventually curves sharply back towards the player. under normal circumstances, a hook is unintentional; however, good players can use a hook to their advantage in certain situations.hoselthe hollow part of the club-head where the shaft is attached. hitting the ball off the hosel is known as a shank.hybrida type of club, increasingly popular in the 21st century, that in the broadest sense combines the mechanics of a long iron with the more forgiving nature and distance of a fairway wood. most golfers today carry at least one hybrid.iinterlocking gripgrip style where (for right-handed players) the pinkie finger of the right hand is hooked around the index finger of the left.inward ninethe back nine holes of a golf course, so named because older links courses were designed to come back “in” toward the clubhouse after going “out” on the front nine.irona club with a flat-faced solid metal head generally numbered from 1 to 9 indicating increasing loft.jjaba putting stroke that is short, quick, and, often, erratic.kknock-downa type of shot designed to have a very low trajectory, usually employed to combat strong winds.llag(i) a long putt designed to simply get the ball close to the hole. (ii) during the downswing, how far the club-head “lags” behind the hands prior to release.lay-upa stroke played with a shorter range club than is possible in order to position the ball in a certain spot. this may be done to ensure a more comfortable next stroke or to avoid a hazard.lie(i) how the ball is resting on the ground, which may add to the difficulty of the next stroke. (ii) the angle between the center of the shaft and the sole of the club-head.linethe path the ball is expected to take following a stroke. this is of particular importance on the green, where stepping on another player’s line is considered a breach of etiquette.linksa type of golf course, usually located on coastalsand dunes.local rulean addition to the rules of golf applying to abnormal conditions that may be found on a particular golf course.loftthe angle between the club’s shaft and the club’s face.loose impedimenta small natural item which is not fixed or growing, solidly embedded, or stuck to the ball, such as a small stone or leaf. unless found within a hazard players are generally permitted to move them away, but if the ball is moved while doing so, there is a one-stroke penalty.mmajor(s)the most prestigious golf tournaments. in the modern game the masters, u.s. open, the open championshipand the pga championship are considered the mens major championships.marker(i) a small metal or plastic disk used to mark the position of a ball on the green if it has been lifted for cleaning etc. (ii) a person appointed by the committee to record a competitor’s score in stroke play. they may be a fellow-competitor.match playa form of golf play where players or teams compete against each other on a hole-by-hole basis. the total number of strokes does not determine the winner. instead, the number of holes won determines the winner. it is possible to win in match-play with more strokes than your opponent.medal playstyle of scoring in which the player with the fewest strokes wins. most professional tournaments are medal play. also known as stroke play.misreada misread is to incorrectly discern the correct line of a putt.mud balla golf ball that has soil or other debris stuck to it which can affect its flight. under normal rules of golf one is only allowed to clean a ball in play when it is on the putting green. during exceptional conditions this rule may be waived by a local rule.mulligana do-over, or replay of the shot, without counting the shot as a stroke and without assessing any penalties that might apply. it is not allowed by the rules and not practiced in tournaments, but is common in casual rounds in some countries, especially the united states.nnassaua type of wager between golfers that is essentially three separate bets. money is wagered on the best score in the front 9, back 9, and total 18 holes.nine-irona club of the highest loft in the iron family. used for short-distance shots.oopen facewhen (in relation to the target line) the club-face is angled away from the player’s body, i.e. angled right for right-handed players.open stancewhen a player’s front foot is drawn backwards further from the target line. used to fade the ball or to prevent a hook.outward ninerefers to the first nine holes, so named as links golf courses were set up where the first nine holes went “out” away from the clubhouse.out-of-boundsthe area designated as being outside the boundaries of the course. when a shot lands “o.b.”, the player “loses stroke and distance”, meaning that he/she must hit another shot from the original spot and is assessed a one-stroke penalty. out-of-bounds areas are usually indicated by white posts. as an example, if a player’s first shot from the tee comes to rest out of bounds, a one stroke penalty is assessed and the player then plays the third shot from the tee.ppacethe speed at which a putt must be struck to get to the hole. pace and break are the two components of green-reading.parstandard score for a hole (defined by its length) or a course (sum of all the holes’ pars).perfect roundhaving scored a birdie or better on all 18 holes of a round.pinslang for flag-stick.pin-highrefers to a ball on the green that is positioned along an imaginary horizontal line through the hole and across the width of the green.pitcha short shot (typically from within 50 yards or meters), usually played with a higher lofted club and made using a less than full swing, that is intended to flight the ball toward a target (usually the hole) with greater accuracy than a full iron shot.pitch marka divot on the green caused when a ball lands. players must repair their pitch marks, usually with a tee or a divot tool.play throughpermission granted by a slow-moving group of players to a faster-moving group of players to pass them on the course.plugged liea bad lie where the ball is at least half-buried. also known as a “buried lie” or in a bunker a “fried egg”.plunka lie where the ball is on the lip of a lake or other water hazard.plus handicapa golf handicap less than zero. a ‘plus’ handicap golfer must add his handicap to his score.pop-upa poor tee shot where the top of the club-head strikes under the ball, causing it to go straight up in the air. in addition to being bad shots, pop-ups frequently leave white scuff-marks on the top of the club-head.  also known as “sky shots”.preferred liesa local rule that allows the ball in play to be lifted, cleaned and moved on the fairway during adverse course conditions.pre-shot routinethe steps an experienced player goes through to get ready for his or her shot. it usually involves taking practice swings and visualizing the intended shot.pro (professional)a golfer or person who plays or teaches golf for financial reward. they may work as a touring pro in professional competitions or as a teaching pro (also called a club pro).pro shopa shop at a golf club, run by the club professional, where golf equipment can be purchased.pulla pull is a shot that unintentionally travels on a trajectory on the same side of the ball from which the player swings.punch shota shot played with a very low trajectory, usually to avoid interference from tree branches when a player is hitting from the woods. similar to the knock-down, it can also be used to avoid high winds.pusha push, or block, is shot that unintentionally travels on a trajectory opposite the side of the ball from which the player swings. inmatch play, a push occurs when neither competitor wins the hole.putta shot played on the green, usually with a putter.putting greena practice green is a putting surface usually found close to the club house, used to warm up and practice putting.puttera special golf club with a very low loft that makes the ball roll along the green with top-spin.rrange findera measuring device used to determine one’s relative distance to an object. in golf, they are most commonly used to find out how far a player is from the hole.release(i)the point in the downswing at which the wrists uncock. a late release (creating lag) is one of the keys to a powerful swing. (ii) the forward motion of a ball played onto a green after the braking effects of backspin have ceased.reverse bounce backscoring a bogey or worse on a hole immediately following a birdie or better.roughthe grass that borders thefairway, usually taller and coarser than the fairway.runthe distance a ball travels once it lands. the two distances of a golf shot are first its “carry” and then its “run.”ssandbaggera golfer that carries a higher official handicap than his skills indicate, e.g., carries an eight, plays to a two. sandbaggers usually artificially inflate their handicaps with the intent of winning bets on the course, a practice that most golfers consider cheating.sand savewhen a player achieves par by getting up and down from a green-side bunker. sand save percentage is one of many statistics kept by the pga tour.sand wedgea lofted club designed especially for playing out of a bunker. although sand wedges were designed for bunker shots, they are actually used for all types of shots within 100 yards (90 meters).sandy (or sandie)a score of par or better that includes a bunker shot. sandys are counted as points in some social golf games. if a par or better is achieved after hitting two or three bunker shots on the same hole, the terms double sandy or triple sandy are used, respectively.scramble(i) when a player misses the green in regulation, but still makes par or better on a hole. scrambling percentage is one of many statistics kept by the pga tour. (ii) a two or four man format, similar to best ball, except in a scramble, each player strikes a shot, the best shot is selected, then all players play from that selected position.scratch golfera player’s whose handicap equals zero.shankan erratic shot in which the golf ball is struck by the hosel of the club. on a shank, a player has struck the ball with a part of the club other than the club-face. a shanked shot will scoot a short distance, often out to the right, or might be severely sliced or hooked.short gameshots that take place on or near the green. putting, chipping, pitching, and green-side bunker play are all aspects of the short game.short sideto hit a shot that misses the green to the same side in which the hole is cut. this typically results in a difficult following shot with very little area on the green to land and stop the ball.sittelling the ball to drop softly, and not roll after landing.skina skins game pits players in a type of match play in which each hole has a set value (usually in money or points). the player who wins the hole is said to win the “skin”, and whatever that skin is worth. skins games may be more dramatic than standard match play if it is agreed by the players that holes are not halved. then, when any two players tie on a given hole, the value of that hole is carried over and added to the value of the following hole. the more ties, the greater the value of the skin and the bigger the eventual payoff.skullto skull the ball means to contact the ball with the leading edge of the iron, often resulting in a low shot that goes further than expected with little to no spin. a skulled shot is almost always due to a mishit by the golfer. the terms “blade” and “thin” are also used interchangeably with skull.slicea shot that initially takes a trajectory on the same side of the golf ball from which the player swings but eventually curves sharply back opposite of the player. under normal circumstances, a slice is unintentional; however, good players can use a slice to their advantage in certain situations. slices are often the most common miss for below-average players. a shot that follows the same trajectory but to a lesser degree is referred to as a ‘cut’ or ‘fade’. a cut or fade is often intentionally used by above-average players to achieve a certain type of spin. the curved shape of the ball-flight is the result of sideways spin. for that reason a “slice” does not refer to a putt.slope ratingslope rating is a number, from 55 to 155, used to determine the level of difficulty of a golf course for a bogey golfer. an “average” course has a slope rating of 113.snap hooka severe hook that usually goes directly left as well as curving from right to left, for a right-handed golfer. a snap hook is when a severe left to right hook occurs for a left-handed golfer.snowmanto score an eight on a hole is to score a snowman. so-named because an eight (8) looks similar to the body of a snowman.solethe bottom or underside of any type of golf club. it is where the club rests on the ground in playing position.spanmove your marker when in the way of another persons line of putt.speedthe pace of a putt. proper ‘speed’ of a putt will either hole the putt or leave it about 18 inches beyond the cup. furthermore, the speed of the putt will often determine the amount of curve, or break, in a putt.sprayto hit the ball with a grossly inconsistent direction, compared to the intended target, in a seemingly random manner.stimpmetera device used to measure the speed of putting greens.stymieto block another player’s putting path to the hole with one’s own ball. now an anachronism since the rules of golf permit marking the spot of the ball on the green, thus allowing the other player to putt into the hole without obstruction.sweet-spotthe location on the club-face where the optimal ball-striking results are achieved. the closer the ball is struck to the sweet-spot, the higher the power transfer ratio will be. hitting it in the sweet-spot is also referred to as hitting it in the screws.swingthe movement a golf player makes with his/her body and club to hit the ball. a golf swing is made up of a series of complex mechanical body movements. a perfect golf swing is regarded as the “holy grail” of the sport, and there are many approaches as to how to achieve “perfection”. although there is only one “textbook” golf swing, a perfect golf swing is unique to every individual, and, in fact, it is impossible for a human to perfectly duplicate the textbook golf swing.ttap-inoften called a “gimme”, a tap-in is a ball that has come to rest very close to the hole, leaving only a very short putt to be played. often, recreational golfers will “concede” tap-ins to each other to save time.target-linethe target line is the straight line from the ball to its intended target. it is also extended backward.teea small peg, usually made of wood or plastic, placed in the ground upon which the golf ball may be placed prior to the first stroke on a hole.tempothe smooth change of the speed of a player’s swing from first movement, through the ball strike, to the follow-through.ten-finger gripgrip style with all ten fingers on the club. also known as the baseball grip.thin shotusually, an unintentional, poor shot where the club-head strikes too high on the ball. when taken to an extreme but still at or below the center-line of the ball, it is known “blading” the ball. sometimes, when the ball is lying a certain way around the green, advanced players will intentionally hit a thin shot to achieve certain results.through the greenthe entire area of the golf course, except for the teeing ground of the hole being played, the green of the hole being played and all hazards on the course.tipsthe championship tees on a golf course are known as “the tips”.toethe far end of the club-head (farthest from the hosel).toppedan errant shot where the club-head strikes on top of the ball, causing the ball to roll or bounce rather than fly.tree shota bad shot that has hit the trees’ leaves, branches, and/or trunk and has resulted in a negative situation, i.e., going out of bounds, into a hazard, or leaving the ball much shorter than anticipated.triple bogeya hole played three strokes over par.uunplayablea player can declare his ball unplayable at any time when it is in play (other than at a tee), and can drop the ball either within two club-lengths, or further from the hole in line with the hole and its current position, or where they played his last shot. a penalty of one stroke is applied. a ball declared unplayable within a hazard must be dropped within that hazard.up and downthe situation where a player holes the ball in two strokes starting from off the green. the first stroke, usually a “pitch”, a “bunker shot” or a “chip”, gets the ball “up” onto the green, and the subsequent putt gets the ball “down” into the hole. a variation is called “up and in”.vvardon gripa common grip style in which (for right-handed players) the right pinkie finger rests on top of the left index finger. also known as the overlapping grip, it is named for harry vardon, a champion golfer of the early 20th century.wwagglea pre-shot routine where a player adjusts his body, the club, and/or practice swings at the ball.wedgea type of golf club; a subset of iron designed for short range strokes. of all the categories of clubs, wedges have faces with the highest degrees of loft.whiffan attempt to strike the ball where the player fails to make contact with the ball. a whiff must be counted as a stroke.winter greentypically an area of fairway used as a temporary putting green to prevent damage to the normal green during inclement winter weather.  on some courses, particularly in japan, holes are built with two greens with different varieties of grass, one for summer play, the other for winter.wooda type of club where the head is generally bulbous in shape except for the club-face. named because the head was originally made of wood, although almost all are now metal. of all the categories of clubs, woods have faces with the lowest degrees of loft.worm burnera shot that is hit remarkably low and sometimes hard.yyipsa tendency to twitch during the putting stroke. some top golfers have had their careers greatly affected or even destroyed by the yips.zzingera ball hit high and hard close to the leading edge, causing a low flight and a slight vibratory feel.latest nike new mens golf shoe tour premiere medium 11 black $431.00 new taylormade m2#3 & #4 rescues & #5-pw combo set, regular flex $899.99 taylormade golf stealth single club 5 iron kbs max 85 mt stiff mrh $142.85 lefty t.i. taylormade sim max 9* driver, mitsubishi tensei av 60 stiff 9.8* $349.99best selling 2020 honma women xp-1 iron set rh 6-11, sw graph lady $999.95 114g - elegant woman golfer - golf de sarlobot $29.95 callaway x hot driver $249.99 133g - vintage golf $29.95browsegolf bags and cartsgolf ballsgolf clubs for salecomplete golf club setsfairway woodsgolf club wedgesgolf driversgolf ironsgolf puttershybrid clubsgolf gloves, apparel and footwearclothing, shoes and jewelrygolf poster artgolf technologymiscellaneous golf / instruction copyright 2022 © golfclubs.com search for: companyabout usreturnsterms of useprivacycontact ussite mapclub selectionwhat’s in your golf bagexpert buying guide for golf clubscustom vs. brand name equipmentchoosing a golf driverchoosing a golf club griphow to choose a golf club shaftgolf gururobin williams on golfbasic rules of golfgolf etiquettegolf terminologymost broken rules in golflearn how to grip a golf clubhow to hit a golf chip shotgolf flexibility exercisestee times and outingsdiscounted golf tee timeshow to plan a golf outingblog posts login join thegolfclubs.commailing listbe the first to receive news on golf specials, training tips, and practical knowledge related to golf.  don't worry.  we will never spam you. name email join today sign-up for weekly hot deals newsletter & instant access to last-minute deals. email first name subscribeclick me login username or email address * password * remember me log in lost your password?register username * email address * a link to set a new password will be sent to your email address.your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy. register