来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20151231204003/http://www.beyondstores.com/blog
================================================================================

beyond stores blog beyond storesbedroom furnitureholidaysinterior designkids’ furnitureliving room furnituremain sitethe 3 best cleaning tips my mother taught me december 31, 2015 by allison we all know the famous phrase, “mother knows best,” and remember those days of our childhood when our moms somehow happened to always be right no matter what the situation. in my adult life, i have realized that many of my mother’s lessons have stuck with me and strongly impact how i live my life today. some of the best lessons i have learned from her relate to cleaning and keeping my home looking spick and span. always paying attention to the small cleaning details that make a big impact in your home, my mother’s simple and time-efficient cleaning tips can apply to any home. 1. dusting is key according to my mother, dusting is what takes a home from tidy to fully clean. studies have shown that 40 pounds of dust accumulate in an average six-room home in the usa each year, so neglecting this small chore will not only make your home feel unnecessarily dirty over time, but will also trigger many allergy symptoms. to get dusting done quickly, my mother would always take a washcloth and run it all over the nightstands, counter, dressers and shelves. it only took her around 5-10 minutes each week, and because she kept up with that routine our home felt that much more clean and inviting. image source (cc by 2.0) by thomas kohler via flickr. 2. clean as you go when i was first struggling with learning how to cook, my mother confided in me that she was also was not a natural whiz in the kitchen growing up. plus, nothing irked her more than the mound of dishes she would need to clean up at the end of the meal. what saved her during those formative years was washing the dishes as she was cooking, instead of waiting until after the meal, and drove home that advice from when i was a young child. there are many different ways to clean as you go, and i could not recommend it enough. it will reduce the time you are spending in the kitchen to a minimum, protect your dishes and silverware from caked-on food morsels that you will need to soak later, and leave you with all the time you will need to netflix and chill. i’m basically hyperventilating just by looking at this sink! image source (cc by 2.0) by steven depolo via flickr. 3. switch over your closet at the start of the new season this piece of advice is sometimes difficult to follow, especially during those random warm days in december or cold days in may. but one of the most vivid memories from my childhood include my mother standing by as each of my siblings and i would switch over our wardrobes for the corresponding season. while i never particularly enjoyed those days, i cherish them now as a great way to keep my home organized and clutter-free. the process may seem daunting in the short term, but it a long-term investment that will save you the daily headache of reaching behind those bulky sweaters for that crumpled up t-shirt in the middle of the summer. image source (cc by 2.0) by emily may via flickr. filed under: home organization 5 things you didn’t know your kitchen needed december 28, 2015 by allison if you like to cook and entertain, you probably end up spending a lot of your time in the kitchen. even if cooking isn’t on the top of your to-do list, everyone needs to put cereal in a bowl or throw together a pb&j sandwich somewhere! here are some of our favorite kitchen items that will take one of the more important rooms in your home from just functional to totally awesome. a spacious island first, why not have more space for kitchen storage and a larger display for serving a delicious dinner party buffet? second, an island adds so much more to the counter space you already have. plus, with the extra seating, you have more space for friends, kids and family members to come keep you company while you’re cooking up a storm. it’s like having a second screen for your computer; you may think you don’t need one, but once you get one you’ll never want to go back. if your island has storage compartments already included, all the better! brightly colored cabinets regular, white cabinets may get the job done, but brightly colored cabinets will really make your kitchen come alive. make sure to choose a paint with a glossy finish to give them a more animated look. especially when paired with white walls, colored cabinets will provide a stunning contrast that will give your room extra flavor and dimension. these blue cabinets really enhance the effect of this sustainable kitchen. image source (cc by 2.0) by jeremy levine via flickr. distinctive knobs and drawer handles just like we use accessories to enhance our outfits, celerie kemble of kemble interiors says that unique knobs and drawer handles will give your cabinetry an instant upgrade. if your kitchen is older, this is a great way to give it a modern tune-up. plus, if you live in an apartment, knobs are very easy to bring with you from place to place so your kitchen décor will always look on point. these knobs add a touch of whimsy to an otherwise traditional kitchen. image source (cc by 2.0) by lee ruk via flickr. a pretty, green plant no matter where you put them in your home, houseplants have many positive qualities. for one thing, plants add a natural, calming element to your home décor. but aside from looking pretty, indoor plants have a variety of health benefits, such as removing toxins and purifying the air. what better place to purify your air and create a productive work space than in your kitchen? if you have a green thumb, you can have plants that do double duty such as rosemary, dill and mint. not only can you use them to enhance your home décor, but you will then have unlimited access to fresh ingredients for your next recipe! comfy seating this counter stool just exudes comfort. plus it swivels, which is a huge bonus. comfortable seating is always key to creating a warm and welcoming space, from your living room to the bench in your home’s entryway. in the kitchen, comfortable dining chairs are essential whether you are grabbing a quick breakfast, sitting down to an informal weeknight dinner or even just spending a night making cookies. whether you are looking for typical dining chairs for your kitchenette or high kitchen stools for your island, keep comfort at the forefront of your mind to create the optimal kitchen experience. filed under: kitchen & dining furniture things to know before decorating your first home december 24, 2015 by allison when you are decorating your first home, you are most likely either completely overwhelmed or getting ready to browse through every pinterest board you can think of. while decorating your first home can seem both exciting and terrifying, it is important to be organized and approach your home design with a plan so it looks determined, clean and reflects your awesome personality! here are some things you should keep in mind to make the home décor process as smooth and efficient as possible. less is more when you’re starting to decorate, you can get overexcited by everything that’s available and think to yourself, “wow, i really need that beanbag chair in addition to my sofa set to add an extra touch of whimsy!” while that sounds like a lot of fun, when you’re just starting out it’s important to start small and go forward with the mindset of “less is more.” you shouldn’t decorate your first home in one day, and there is always more that you can add to your home over time. but when you’re first embarking on your home décor journey, just focus on the essentials that will keep your home looking tasteful without being overdone. without a lot of extra decoration, this sofa set really has a chance to stand out! your furniture needs to fit your room while that extra-long wood dining room table that sits 12 comfortably may reflect your personality (good for you if you like hosting a lot of dinner guests!), that doesn’t exactly work if the only place for you to put a dining room table is in a kitchenette. while your new home is a blank space that is rife with possibility, you also need to be aware of your surroundings so you don’t limit yourself later on. if your sofa is too big, not only will it make your room look smaller, but you also won’t have room to add that gorgeous accent chair later on! take measurements to ensure that your furniture is proportionate to the room that you want to decorate. this will save you a big headache when your furniture arrives at your house and it doesn’t fit in the way that you wanted. while this sectional is a gorgeous contemporary piece, it will look oversized in a small living room. decorate the bedroom first when i was decorating my first home, i thought that it was necessary to decorate the living room first because that was the room that the most amount of people were going to see on a regular basis. but really, the bedroom is the way to go when you’re looking to decorate that first room. you’ll be spending about one third of your time there every day when you’re home, so you might as well treat yourself. start by investing in a good mattress and new bedding; they make a huge difference when you commit to good quality. if you have a little more of a budget, you can make your bedroom your true safe haven with a gorgeous accent wall and complementing window treatments. but make sure to hold off on extra furniture until you adjust more to your surroundings. a quality bed will make any bedroom look stylish. filed under: interior design solving common entertaining problems december 22, 2015 by allison organizing a party can be difficult enough, from setting up the guest list and managing all of the rsvps to making sure you have all of the ingredients you need to throw together a delicious party menu. when it comes to the party night itself, you don’t need even more stress in your life with a festivity faux pas. the good thing is that while many problems that arise might seem huge in the moment, there are very easy ways to keep these issues contained so your party can go on without any interruptions. make sure you keep your party moving along smoothly with these innovative entertainment solutions. problem #1: people aren’t moving around when people are sitting around and not knowing where to go next, that means that your furniture is not guiding your guests properly. first things first, spread out your delicious party snacks in a determined way throughout your home. start with appetizers on the coffee table and use a sideboard or your kitchen counter to set up a gorgeous buffet. for drinks, either set them up at the wet bar (if you’re lucky to have one), or make things mobile with a bar cart. organizing your food layout will encourage people to move around, but at the beginning of a party, people may not know that the buffet is open! lead by example and start taking food yourself; if the hostess is moving, so will the rest of your guests. not only does this sideboard have enough space to display your buffet, but it also serves as gorgeous wine storage. problem #2: your appetizer arrangement is cluttered this serving tray is as practical as it is beautiful! when it comes to small finger foods, such as olives, cheese sticks or crackers and dips, it can sometimes feel like there are too many elements competing for your guests’ attention. this problem is easily remedied by the use of the appropriate serveware. nesting trays are great choices for when you want your food arrangement to be more uniform, while an oblong tray is great for presenting those cheese slices creatively and keeping those olives from spilling onto the floor. if you like using a lot of different bowls, consider keeping them contained on a lazy susan or a bordered serving tray. problem #3: my guests are making a mess! when you have a lot of people in a small place and everyone is having a great time, messes are bound to happen! one way to prevent some of these messes as the party is in full swing is to bring out coasters for your guests’ drinks. there’s nothing more frustrating than cleaning up after a party and seeing a whole bunch of cup stains! you can either opt for stylish coasters that blend in with the rest of your home décor, or fun and witty coasters that will make your guests chuckle before using them to hold their drinks. if you are a wine drinker, you probably know too well that your party will see some red wine stains at the end of the night. luckily, there are great tutorials out there for getting red wine stains out of any type of fabric. opt for recovered wood coasters for a rustic, sustainable look. filed under: holidays creating a stress-free home office environment december 17, 2015 by allison with 2015 coming to a close, many people are feeling that strain at work to get all of their reports done by year’s end. while this can already be stressful in a regular office, people who work from their home offices can feel more of the strain without the support of coworkers and the stresses of keeping your home organized. but just as the rest of your home should be an oasis, working in a home office allows you the creativity and flexibility to create a stress free work environment. here are some tips to keep your home office feeling serene and motivational for you to get your work done quickly and efficiently! take inspiration from nature decorating our homes with natural elements do us a lot of good, making us feel refreshed, relaxed and calm. in a place with greater possibilities of high stress, like a home office, incorporating nature-inspired details can provide even more mental health benefits. an easy way to bring nature into your home office is decorating with your favorite plants, whether you opt for adding a few potted plants to your shelves or standing a larger plant next to your desk. other ways to incorporate natural elements into your office is with a rustic wood desk or nature inspired wall-art. just thinking of the fresh outdoor air will make you smile and get to work on a positive note. facing a funky stone wall and having a plant on your desk will definitely give your office a nature-inspired feel. keep things organized when your home office space is cluttered, you end up stressing yourself out more by thinking of all the extra chores you have to do when your work day is done. keeping things organized will immediately create a more relaxing workspace and more time to concentrate on the things that actually matter. make sure that your desk offers ample storage space for papers, folders and even your keyboard if you want to give your desk more of a multipurpose feel. if you are passionate about have a simple drawing desk for your home office, opt for a bookcase or file cabinet to fulfill all of your organizational needs. another great way to keep your home office organized is to differentiate between your office and the rest of the home. while your home office décor can blend in with the rest of your home, try to keep only your work-related things at the “office”. give your home office a modern feel with a desk with open shelving. stay motivated! for many of us, wine is also an excellent motivator. why not put it on a canvas and on your home office wall? your home office is probably the most important place to have positive and motivational messaging propelling you forward. why not incorporating these positive messages through bright and bold wall art? whether you have a “keep calm and carry on” poster, a statement art piece that always catches your eye or a picture of your family, having something personal and visual will give you an extra burst of energy during those particularly tiring or lazy mornings. if you don’t want to nail anything into your walls, you can also go for removable wallpaper that come with a variety of motivational sayings. that way, you can change your home office décor whenever you want. filed under: home office furniture 1 2 3 … 41 next page » follow us  our latest tweets #newyearsresolution #1: getting over your internet envy @apttherapy #relax #begrateful https://t.co/9itxwriflw yesterday at 4:17 pmno need to get rid of your old 2015 calendars when you can do these awesome #diy projects! @sarahayang @realsimple https://t.co/skldm1iok5 january 1, 2016 5:47 pmprepare yourself mentally for your next vacation with these tips! #travel #vacation @thevacationgals @bethblair https://t.co/bkmzermnq8 january 1, 2016 3:17 pmstill need decorations for your #newyearseve party? check out these great ideas from @decoist https://t.co/u5rbeqvvnz december 31, 2015 1:29 pmwhat cleaning tips did your mother teach you? #motherknowsbest #igotitfrommymama https://t.co/k6ih3phurj https://t.co/r3nlkjmnpu december 31, 2015 12:55 pmfollow us @beyondstores what are you looking for? accessories (38) bedroom furniture (24) brands (6) dining rooms (5) entrances & hallways (3) game room & bar furniture (8) gifts (4) halloween (2) holidays (24) home office furniture (7) home organization (20) how to… (19) interior design (44) kids' furniture (10) kitchen & dining furniture (8) lighting (8) living room furniture (25) outdoor furniture (5) patio furniture (5) recipes (1) specials & discounts (9) sustainable living (2) thanksgiving (4) beyond stores on pinterest visit pinterest's profile on pinterest.crayfish creative