来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20131223151841/http://www.fahrneyspens.com/content--name-Write-Point-Archive
================================================================================

write point archive * fahrney's pens the nation's premier source for fine writing instruments, accessories and pen expertise since 1929 view cart my account customer service site map our store orders corporate gifts fahrney's pens 1-800-624-7367 acme | aurora | conklin | cross | delta | dupont | faber-castell | lamy | montblanc | montegrappa | monteverde | parker | pelikan | platinum | retro 51 | sailor | sheaffer | stipula | tokens & icons | visconti | waterman | see all brands | be the first to receive special offers and new product updates! * home fine pens pen refills accessories fine gifts leather goods historical autographs fine penspen refills and inkaccessoriesfine giftsleather goodshistory autographssuper savings browse our current catalog current catalog customer service catalog quick order contact us faqs privacy policy gift certificates returns policy shipping options help center request a catalog track my order celebrating parker pens & 125 years! to kick off its 125th anniversary, parker launched the limited edition duofold mandarin yellow fountain pen earlier this year. paying homage to george parker´s tremendous vision and legacy, the luxuriously yellow resin color was distinctive to the orient in the 1920´s and an inspiration for george s. parker. fahrney´s has just one duofold mandarin fountain pen left - act fast to make it your own! as an anniversary event, fahrney´s welcomed geoffrey s. parker, great-grandson of parker´s founder, george s. parker, to its washington, dc store on may 2nd. for the past 15 years geoffrey has been involved in an extensive archive and restoration project on the parker family history, incorporating the family´s collection of four generations of photos and memorabilia. he has taken his story and amazing parker jotter collection on the road and is a regular speaker at collector pen shows. what a great event! this fall parker added another chapter to its rich 125-year history with a smashing contemporary update of its premier series, first introduced in 1983. the parker premier lx is full of character and design integrity - the result of state-of-the-art manufacturing, rich materials and expert craftsmanship. the brand´s distinctive design elements are given an air of modern luxury for the newest premiers in soft touch lacquers with precious metal accents. parker´s founder george s. parker would have celebrated his 150th birthday november 1st, which coincidentally, is the same date as the annual “fountain pen day.” at only 25 years of age, parker started his own company, now known all over the world for its excellence and craftsmanship in fine pen making. just in time for the holidays, parker presents its 125th anniversary special edition urban series in historical parker colors of mandarin yellow and penman ink blue. a mix of the old and the new, the special edition urban pens are available this year only! to crown its 125 years of ongoing innovation and exquisite craftsmanship, parker has created the outstanding duofold giant limited edition fountain pen – 125 exceptional masterpieces that embody and reflect the brand’s distinctive authenticity and deep roots. the duofold giant will instantly command respect with its monumental size. its precious black resin body is sheathed in a solid 18k gold overlay set with 16 diamonds artfully placed on the barrel and cap. a spectacular tribute to parker´s legacy! 11/11/13 keep your kids writing with a letter to santa handwriting is one of the few ways kids can uniquely express themselves. in fact, studies show that writing helps children´s brain synapses to develop because it requires fluid movement, eye-hand coordination and fine motor skill development. however, though penmanship was once an important part of every student´s early education, the world of personal computers, tablets, e-mail and texting has rendered the handwritten note an obsolete form of communication - a skill that many of today´s students only learn to appreciate from their grandparents. schools are spending less time than ever teaching the art of cursive handwriting as more effort is devoted to typing in the early grades. to do our part in teaching our children the importance of the written word, fahrney´s is encouraging children to practice and show off their penmanship by participating in our kid´s cursive handwriting contest. these contests will be held bi-monthly and the winning entry will be framed and displayed in our washington, dc store and posted on our facebook page. this holiday season fahrney´s is encouraging children to practice and show off their cursive penmanship by participating in our letter to santa contest. if an address is included with then entry, the participant will receive a letter back from santa! one of santa´s elves will select a winner at random on december 20th. the gift will be mailed to arrive in time to put it under the tree. entries will be accepted november 1st - december 18th. the winner will receive a pelikan twist fountain pen, cursive writing workbook and practice pad - over $50 value! the winning entry will be framed and displayed in our washington, dc store and posted on our facebook page. entries can be placed in the mailbox provided by the smithsonian national postal museum at our washington, dc store or through the mail: store location: 1317 f street, nw washington, dc 20004 mailing address: attn: letter to santa contest 8329 old marlboro pike, b13 upper marlboro, md 20072 11/05/13 all treats. no tricks. trick-or-treating is the activity on halloween where children proceed from house to house in costumes asking for treats with the question, “trick or treat?” we at fahrney’s pens believe the adults should not be left out of all the fun, so we are offering up a few treats of our own this week and no costume is required. just in, montegrappa’s skull series brings to mind pirates and devilish deeds, now at a reduced price! acme’s dracula commemorates the 100th anniversary of the death of author bram stoker. complete with blood-red ink and haunting music that plays when the coffin is open. to celebrate halloween, for this week only we are offering the fashionable orange delta markiaro single slot leather pen case at 30% off! get yours today. if the urge to dress up in costume and get out of the house for some spooky fun proves to be too much to resist, we understand. as we all know, mingling with goons and goblins is not just a child’s pastime. we will continue to provide the treats and simply ask that you keep the ink flowing. 10/29/13 the evolution of the boombox who could have imagined that two loud speakers, an amplifier, a radio tuner and built-in cassette player, housed in a plastic or metal case with a handle for easy portability, would change not only the modern musical landscape but the urban culture in general. the ´radiorecorder´, as it was called in 1969 when philips n.v. launched it, later became known as the ´boombox´ and 44 years later retro 51 pays tribute to this icon with the ´boomer´, a limited edition click-action ballpoint from it´s popper tornado series. by the mid 1970´s the boombox had taken hold (to the chagrin of the noise-averse populace) in cities across the u.s. because of their easy portability and booming sound. as the desire for louder boxes with more bass grew, so did the size of these early ´mobile devices´. additional features included microphones and turntables (with cd players coming later). retro 51´s boomer tornado pen has an acid-etched barrel with the texture of a boombox speaker and a push-button top that resembles the ´play´ button. whether you once toted your own boombox, had children who did, or just have a fond memory or nostalgia for the iconic device, we think the boomer pen will blow you away. inevitably, the rise in popularity of the boombox couldn´t last as smaller, more portable electronics emerged such as the sony walkman and later the ipod. some will always remember the boombox as an essential part of performances by ll cool j or the beastie boys, while others will recall the scene when john cusack used one in an attempt to woo ione skye in the film, "say anything". whether you fall into these two camps or just appreciate a stylish pen that´s affordably priced, we hope you´ll give the boomer a try and keep the ink flowing. get yours today while they last, the retro 51 popper boomer tornado rollerball is a numbered, limited edition of only 500 pieces! 10/22/13 hug a tree (or at least hold one in your hand)! from japan, to germany, to the u. s. of a., we’ve recently noticed a trend in pens made of wood. the natural finishes are enjoyed for their unique patterns and colors, tactile warmth and appealing patina that will change over time. as shown above, the sailor kabazaiku cherry bark fountain pen is crafted in natural wild cherry bark using traditional japanese art that flourished in kakundate, the akita prefecture of japan. the denshiro technique was used 250 years ago by samurai warriors to decorate weapons and has been handed down through generations. when it comes to making wood writing instruments, faber-castell´s 250-year history is a testament to the appeal of this natural material. the smoked oak finish of the new ondoro oak will acquire a distinctive patina over time on its large, hexagonal barrel. you will be sure to start thinking of palm trees and exotic locations when you use the retro 51 bocote wood series. following the success of its bamboo series, retro 51’s new wood, bocote, has a striking grain pattern in dark amber spiced with dramatic brown stripes - some even have "eyes" on the barrel. william henry’s limited edition chablis ballpoint pens are refined and sophisticated featuring beautiful woods and other extraordinary materials that are the hallmark of william henry´s work. sporting exceptional wood barrels accented with mokume gane and stainless steel with jewels set into the clip and band, these twist ballpoint pens are available at an incredible price! we also offer wood pens from historical woods of america, where our nation´s rich cultural history and the integrity of our environment is preserved, working exclusively with trees that have fallen in storms, are diseased, unsafe, or are being removed for construction -- along with timbers removed from historical sites during renovation of existing structures. its goal is to keep the history of america alive for current and future generations through the reclamation, salvaging and creative repurposing of historical trees and timbers. and just wait until you see pilot’s 50th anniversary limited edition maplewood vanishing point! stay tuned and keep the ink flowing! 10/08/13 fahrney´s fall pen show & sale a new term of the u.s. supreme court begins, by statute, on the first monday in october. this will be the case regardless of a possible government shutdown. there is also the possibility that your travel plans call for a trip to the nation´s capital in october (a gorgeous time to visit) and the government´s slight case of dysfunction does not concern you. may we suggest a function that is sure to delight any and all fans of fine writing instruments? fahrney´s pens annual fall pen show and sale takes place on october 18th & 19th at its downtown washington, dc retail store. our store events are always a chance to visit with old friends, meet some new ones and bask in the world of fine writing. while you´re there, you can discuss the finer points of writing instruments with the well-traveled and well-informed vendor representatives from your favorite brands. of course, they will be happy to show you the newest pens from their lines (including limited editions) and offer you a chance to "test drive" each one. there´s also a chance they´ll have a few "retired" models on hand to offer at specially reduced prices as well as free gifts with purchases. the door prizes at fahrney´s pen events always generate a lot of excitement – this year we will have a treasure trove of gifts valued at over $6,000. the only way to win is to come to the store and enter. while you´re there, you can enjoy extra event savings on everything in the store! the fall pen show will also give you the opportunity to see a sneak preview of some new and exclusive items. we will be featuring fahrney´s exclusive collection in honor of the original signers of the declaration of independence. learn more about it at the show. we´ll also have a sample of the new parker 125th anniversary limited edition duofold giant coming out this fall. did we mention this beauty is made of solid gold and costs $38,000? it is a spectacular tribute to parker´s legacy. fahrney´s biggest event of the year is not one to be missed and truly is the ideal time to avoid the hectic holiday rush. you can stock up on special gifts at terrific prices (no one has to know what a great deal you got). we will look forward to seeing you in two weeks and until then keep the ink flowing. 10/01/13 edelberg – made in switzerland with love fahrney´s is excited to introduce an exceptional new line of fine swiss-made writing instruments to our discerning customers. prepare to be impressed! for some things in life, ordinary is not enough. edelberg is anything but ordinary. for individuals who appreciate unique design, edelberg brings you something fresh, something different. edelberg understands the power of individuality and this is reflected in its captivating range of swiss-made high-tech writing instruments and italian accessories. combining passion, design and innovation, the pieces are as unique as those who own them. edelberg´s creator, carlo e. naldi, is an italian entrepreneur with a keen eye for design and a lifelong collector and lover of beautiful pens and accessories. it is edelberg´s dedication to and appreciation of beauty and fine design that has inspired his original and distinctive style. each design concept is brought to life by a team of highly creative minds and then lovingly crafted by skilled artisans at the edelberg factory in geneva, switzerland using the finest and most innovative materials. the name edelberg is actually formed from two words - edelweiss and gutenberg. edelweiss, the noble white flower and national symbol of switzerland, and gutenberg in honor of johannes gutenberg, global inventor of the mechanical printing press. take a look at these fine swiss-made writing instruments on fahrney´s website. 9/24/13 layar app while the rumors of fahrney´s pens relocating to orbit city (the futuristic space age home of tv´s "the jetsons") have not been substantiated; it is becoming increasingly obvious that fahrney´s 84 years in business does not mean its trapped in the past. the future is today and anyone who has received the latest fall 2013 catalog from fahrney´s will understand what that means. we have introduced a new technological enhancement, which its developers call "augmented reality", into our september catalog. with a free app called layar, users of iphones, ipads and androids can scan a printed page that has been embedded with additional digital content and access videos, enhanced images, audio recordings and other supplements to the printed material. in our world, that might translate into a video showing how to fill a particular pen or a demonstration of a pen making technique. or, it could be a special offer or promotion. the technology can add greater functionality to the printed catalog page with pop-up images of color and nib choices, "buy now" buttons (for instant pen gratification), and voice-over recordings with additional details. the possibilities are limitless! the best way to get the idea is to experience it for your self. download the free app from itunes or google play. browse fahrney´s catalog and look for pages with the layar icon. scan the page using the layar app and the enhancements will pop up on your screen! you can also see layar´s augmented reality in action by going to fahrney´s website and browsing the virtual catalog. fahrney´s hopes to make these enhancements a way to enrich your catalog browsing experience! we firmly believe that by bringing new levels of engagement and information to a previously one-dimensional format, we can continue to reach the next generation of fine writing aficionado´s. this merging of online and offline worlds will allow us to continue to serve the needs of our loyal, traditional clients while expanding into non-traditional pen areas. in 2062, we can not be sure where advances in technology will have taken us or if hanna-barbera´s space age vision will seem quaint. we do know that there is no time to rest when it comes to informing and educating a technology-inundated generation that is not likely to understand the importance of the written word. rest assured, until the day mr. spacely fires us (we´re reasonably sure he will then re-hire us) we will keep the ink flowing. 9/17/13 the wheels keep turning – giuliano mazzuoli & officina for centuries the bacci and mazzouli families made their homes in the tuscany region of italy; mainly in tavarnelle val di pesa, a small town in the hills of florence. both families were known for their fine artisanship: the bacci family was one of the best bicycle makers in the region with its own bicycle team; the mazzouli´s were watch-makers who constructed some of the most beautiful tower clocks in all of italy. by the time giuliano mazzouli was born, the two families had entered into the printing business. to encourage their son´s creative talents, they sent the young giuliano to florence to work for a family friend in the haberdashery business. in the early 1970´s, following the unexpected passing of his father, giuliano sr., he returned home to run the family printing business. when he took over the company he modernized the facilities and expanded its capabilities to include the printing of advertising and product catalogs, primarily for the furniture and interior design industry. in 2000, while developing an idea for a limited edition organizer, a friend of guiliano´s suggested he design a pen to go with it. his first inspiration came from some mechanical tools he had stumbled across, which reminded him of an old box of bicycle tools in his grandfather´s workshop that he played with as a child. he decided to call the collection " officina, writing instruments" (´officina´ means workshop in italian) and have the pens resemble mechanical tools. the enthusiastic response to his new designs led to the launch of mazzuoli´s pen business, which has now expanded to include men´s accessories and leather goods, as well as a design collaboration with museo ducati. here´s just a few of our favorites: the newest ducati pen is called the " multiwriter" for its multitude of writing options: the quattro can be a fountain pen, ball pen, rollerball or 2mm pencil. milled from a solid piece of aluminum, the body of the pen has an elegant shape and comfortable feel; the cap, in ducati red, black or brushed chrome, is designed to perfectly balance the pen while you write. match your pen with the new ducati line of leather goods handmade by florentine artisans using naturally tanned, full-grain calfskin. the quality of the precious leather is obvious to the touch in the classic ducati colors of black and red. as a tribute to the courage, ingenuity and passion of the italian general and explorer, umberto nobile, giuliani mazzuoli created a unique collector´s multi-function pen, nobile italia. the exclusive shape, inspired by the general´s airship, is expertly crafted in solid chrome in your choice of polished or matte finish. perhaps our most popular men´s accessory is the officina hinged money clip. made of solid metal with a strong hinge, the clip maintains officina´s creative interpretation of industrial objects and is crafted in italy using the highest standards of manufacturing. today, giuliano mazzouli focuses on his namesake watch-making enterprise while his two sons, emiliano and tommaso are at the helm of the pen business. their inspiration still comes from taking every day objects and transforming them into something altogether different. we are proud to represent this fine family of italian artisans and their unique views on design. keep the creative wheels turning and we will keep the ink flowing. 9/10/13 a pen lover’s trip to italy this week fahrney’s is featuring a new facebook contest to win an exclusive work of art from delta – the original design and concept drawings of the italian pen manufacturer’s latest special edition collection, romeo & juliet. the stunning series is a love letter to the renaissance city of verona as well as a tribute to shakespeare’s star-crossed lovers. and how, you may ask, did we come to possess these unique drawings? it’s a tale worth sharing with our pen-loving readers . . . this past spring, our intrepid leader, chris sullivan and his lovely wife, kim, were invited to visit the delta pen company in naples as the guests of nino marino, president of delta, and yair greenberg, the head of yafa pen, its u.s. distributor. with yafa’s vp of sales, ken jones, as their guide, the sullivans were treated to a fascinating tour of delta’s factory and the beautiful italian city where it is located. with a view of mt. vesuvius and the gulf of naples in the distance, delta’s pristine factory is a model of great italian design and efficiency. the impressive lobby leads to the production area which is organized in sections that follow the logical progression of pen making from start to finish, beginning with parts and tools and ending with the final inspection, packing and shipping department. the pen-making process begins with the barrels and caps that are hand-turned from solid blocks of resin. once they are perfectly shaped, each rod is drilled on the inside to exact specifications. many levels of buffing and polishing follow to create the sheen on the finish. in the case of clear demonstrator pens, the process is more complex as the barrels and caps have to be polished inside and out using four grit sizes of sandpaper to achieve the desired “crystal clear” finish. the same meticulous attention to detail is found in the areas making metal clips (too many steps to mention!), tassies, medallions, rings, bands and tips. the nib-making department is the heart of the operation – using gold, steel, rhodium and titanium, the nibs are hand-crafted, molded, engraved, fitted, tested – the list of processes goes on! once all the parts are manufactured and inspected, the pens go to the assembly department. every piece of each pen model is assembled by hand and carefully checked once again. when the pens are at last ready, they are sent to the final inspection area before being packaged and readied for shipping. during the tour, chris and kim encountered the production samples of the new romeo & juliet pens. their enthusiasm and appreciation of these new models compelled nino marino to offer them the original production drawings of the pens as a souvenir of their visit. now, you can be the proud owner of these one-of-a-kind drawings by entering our facebook contest. the contest ends on thursday, september 5th, so don’t delay! if you’d like to read more about the trip to italy and see the gallery of photos, please visit fahrney’s new blog at www.penadventures.com. arrivederci! 9/03/13 a study worth mentioning... i read an interesting article the other day .... this article stated that the folks that manage the sat, (scholastic aptitude test), say there may be a real reason to use your brain to learn how to write in cursive. according to recent research (done over a several year period, using a very large number of people), one´s ability to learn to write in cursive, via some sort of writing instrument, be it a ball pen, pencil, rollerball, or my personal favorite, the fountain pen, is directly proportional to one´s ability to learn anything. it turns out, and the research proves just this, the use of cursive writing to express one´s thoughts, is not just an archaic form of communication, but a teaching tool for one´s brain. to write anything well you must be able to put the lines on the paper without thinking about each line. that would apply to what is trying to be communicated with the line, as well as the shape and readability of the same. as a testing tool it´s ideal. if a person being tested can write a free thought, clearly and legibly, in "x" number of words, then that person has at least the ability to learn just about anything. thus, the essay question has returned to the sat. take the time to learn how to write in cursive, and you´ll be teaching your brain how to work on several different levels at once. try it - try to learn how to write in cursive, and practice it regularly so that you do it well. your thought process will improve. teach your children how to write in cursive, too. they´ll thank you for teaching them this "archaic" form of learning! btw: the same theory applies to typing on any form of keyboard, but to a much lesser degree. in fact, most people don´t type at all, they hunt and peck, mostly with their thumbs, which is fine if they get their point across, but in most cases the folks that didn´t/don´t take the time to learn how to write, didn´t take the time to teach their brain how to type either. food for thought... bob huesman 8/27/13 the further adventures of ms. pen l. ope when we last heard from ms. pen l. ope, she was in rome. this is her next correspondence with us: hola- we have left rome and are on our way to sunny spain! we caught an early flight and ida´s son, ben jr., is now getting restless. it´s a good thing that ida remembered to pack the faber-castell drawing and sketching set as well as the cursive writing workbooks that were purchased at fahrney´s to help keep him occupied! our first stop is the costa del sol for a few days of fun in the sun and a short trip to gibraltor to see the barbary macaques. ben jr. is enjoying feeding the monkeys who are very tame around the many tourists. we are now settled in our hotel room and ida has decided to relax and write some more postcards to friends. waiting on the desk was a letter from a friend back home. ida very adroitly opened the note with her beautiful el casco letter opener, handcrafted right here in spain. after a few days of traveling through the countryside of spain, we are headed to barcelona. adios, ms. pen l. ope it is now our second day in barcelona. we are taking a day trip to figueres to visit ida´s old friend salvador dali. when he opened the door to his museum, she said "hello, dali. you´re looking swell dali." they had a great time catching up as he showed us around the museum. tomorrow, we drive to madrid where we catch a flight to paris. all for now, ms. pen l. ope it is a few days later now, and we are in paris. later today, we will be visiting more friends of ida´s, including the sonnet branch of the parker family. there are not only fountain pens like me, but also rollerballs and ball points which are very practical for folks who travel frequently. before our visit, ida and i have been sitting in a sidewalk café eating bread and cheese and she is using me to write yet another letter back home on her g. lalo stationery. ...another beautiful day in paris, and ida and i are strolling the avenue des champs élysées. ida is shopping in all the boutiques for that perfect dress. tonight we are having dinner in the restaurant that is half-way up the eiffel tower!... alas, ida just spilled red wine on her designer dress. she is very upset but just remembered that she packed amodex stain remover, which is doing the job. amodex to the rescue!... we just got back to the hotel, and ida is making a long-distance phone call to her husband, ivan been writing. they are making arrangements to meet back in rome later this week to celebrate their anniversary. ida wrote the details on the exacompta´s faf writing pad on the room´s desk. this pad is made here in a parisian workshop built by gustave eiffel. tomorrow and the next day, ida, ben jr. and i will be doing an extensive tour of the louvre. she is such an art lover and of course wants to see the mona lisa. ida will be taking her french ruled clairfontaine notebook to take notes while we are there. au revoir ´til we are back in rome! ms. pen l. ope 8/20/13 school is back in session! it´s hard to believe summer is coming to a close and school starts back up in less than two weeks! at least for my daughter that is. it has been quite an eventful summer break with trips to the beach, water parks, camps, museums, and frequent pool visits. now her 10th birthday is looming and soccer season has begun. i am ready for reality to resume and for my wallet to get a break. fahrney´s summer of savings should help cushion the blow for those looking to outfit their returning student with the finest in writing instruments and accessories. there are still plenty of amazing deals and whether your student is off to college or beginning first grade; we have the "write" pens to make the best impression. and let´s not forget the often times under appreciated teachers who will spend the next 9 months preparing our children for life´s many challenges. as writer donald quinn so truthfully said, "if a doctor, lawyer, or dentist had 40 people in his office at one time, all of whom had different needs, and some of whom didn´t want to be there and were causing trouble, and the doctor, lawyer, or dentist, without assistance, had to treat them all with professional excellence for nine months, then he might have some conception of the classroom teacher´s job." apples and gift cards are nice but make a great first impression with some of our suggested offerings. but before i get ahead of myself, i have to get through this birthday party, buying school supplies and let´s not forget the redecorated bedroom. (because no 10 year old wants a bedroom that looks like a 9 year olds). just call me supermom and keep the ink flowing! kim graham marketing director start the new school year off right with fahrney´s top-selling back-to-school essentials! 8/13/13 the world of social media communication the creating, sharing and exchanging of information and ideas via the blindingly fast evolving world of social media shows no sign of slowing down. companies not even in existence 10 years ago such as facebook, twitter, you tube and pinterest are now as recognizable (particularly to younger generations) as any company. so how does fahrney´s pens, an established 84 year-old company (in an industry not exactly thought of when considering breakthrough technological advancements) make use of the changing forms of communication? well, we get behind the wheel and drive full speed ahead! facebook - twitter - you tube - pinterest here is an examination of the phenomenon known as asmr, induced by flipping through pages of fahrney´s catalog accompanied with very soothing narration. click here. fahrney´s has also embraced a new app called layar, which allows fahrney´s customers to view interactive content on their smart phone or tablet by scanning a printed page, bringing new levels of engagement and information to life. this merging of online and offline worlds allows fahrney´s to present enhanced images, videos, additional details and special promotions for your viewing pleasure when you simply scan a catalog page marked with the layar icon. look for the layar icon on future fahrney´s catalogs, ads and store signs to enjoy this exciting new way to learn more about the world of fine writing instruments. as the premier fine writing instrument experts in this country, fahrney´s pens will continue to lead the charge in promoting the importance of the written word through new and traditional channels. we will not ignore the changing landscape of communication and the opportunities to be a true advocate for preserving the act of putting pen to paper. we also realize that we can not do this alone and thank you, our loyal customers, for all you do to preserve this vital function, which is still the primary tool for communication. keep the ink flowing! 8/06/13 fahrney´s first kid´s cursive handwriting contest keep your kids writing this summer with fahrney´s kid´s cursive handwriting contest! fahrney´s is encouraging children ages 6 to 12 years old to practice and show off their good penmanship by participating in our kid´s cursive handwriting contest. they may write about a summer adventure, family vacation or any topic that gets their ink (or lead) flowing. the winning entry (selected based on penmanship and content) will be framed and displayed in our washington, dc store and posted on our facebook page. the winner will also receive a pelikan pelikano jr. fountain pen! penmanship was once an important part of every student´s early education, but the world of personal computers, tablets, e-mail and texting has rendered the handwritten note an obsolete form of communication – a skill that many of today´s students only learn to appreciate from their grandparents. schools are spending less time than ever teaching the art of cursive handwriting as more effort is devoted to typing in the early grades. handwriting is one of the few ways kids can uniquely express themselves and it´s up to parents to assure their children learn the art of cursive handwriting outside of school if necessary. in fact, studies show that writing helps children´s brain synapses to develop because it requires fluid movement, eye-hand coordination and fine motor skill development. handwritten entries may be submitted by mail, fax or email by september 1st, 2013. the winner will be chosen and announced by september 6th. fahrney´s pens attn: kid´s cursive handwriting contest 8329 old marlboro pike, b13 upper marlboro, md 20772 fax: 301-736-2926 email (must be a scanned version of their handwritten story): kgraham@fahrneyspens.com 7/30/13 omas bologna officina meccanica armando simoni (also known as omas) is the italian manufacturer of fine writing instruments, inks and other luxury goods. the company was founded in 1925 in bologna by the young armando simoni who had previously repaired and reconditioned fountain pens brought back by soldiers serving in wwi; omas soon became synonymous with the most technically innovative and creative products in the world. until his death in 1958, simoni amazed the pen world with such groundbreaking products as a pen with two nibs, a series with a transparent barrel and a fountain pen with a tapered aerodynamic shape fitted with a nib designed to offer flexible or rigid writing simultaneously and even the possibility of drawing. he was later referred to as il cavaliere having been bestowed the prestigious title of knight of the italian crown. to celebrate its 80th anniversary in 2005, omas for the first time named a line of pens after its city of origin, bologna. this would need to be a particularly special pen to mark this wonderful occasion and indeed it was. the bologna series with it’s flexible 14k gold nibs and new well-balanced design with a “falsely” simple and discreet roundness thrilled all who were able to acquire one. the symbol of the city of bologna, its famous porticos stretching over the city, were engraved on the nib and the grip section of the rollerball and ballpoint pen. eight years later, the bologna line still is one of the more popular in the omas family of pens. fahrney’s pens has been given the exclusive privilege of carrying a new bologna series with a caramello finish. these irresistible beauties have rich, caramel-colored swirls that flow throughout the pearlescent deep brown and black resin bodies. these are very limited special editions with 50 fountain pens, 60 twist-advance ball pens and 40 capped rollerballs. the crown of each cap is inlaid with the omas “o” logo and these rarities will surely be one that any fan of omas or beautiful pens in general will not want to miss. a special thanks to the gifted artisans at omas who’s unwavering dedication to their craft have made it even more stylish for all of us to keep the ink flowing. 7/23/13 christmas in july when jon and corinne sullivan purchased fahrney´s pens from earl fahrney in 1972, it was a single-unit brick and mortar business based on new york avenue in downtown washington, d.c. shortly after that the catalog business was launched and years later their son and current president, chris sullivan, started fahrney´s website. purchasing and predicting inventory has grown exponentially and that challenge has turned into something akin to christmas in july for our loyal customers. one listed definition of "a sale" states, "a special disposal of goods at lowered prices". we at fahrney´s (and our fine writing instruments in particular) take issue with this characterization. for one, no pen, unless it has been certified as beyond human help by one of our on-site pen doctors, is being "disposed" of. it is simply being relocated due to over-crowded conditions to homes and businesses that will give these fine instruments the love and attention they deserve. secondly, the term "disposal" has become more synonymous with garbage than treasured possessions. these beautiful, functional, never-used beauties are anything but junk. they simply had the misfortune of being stacked on the shelf towards the rear or in some cases were a member of a family of pens that was far too unwieldy for one manufacturer to find a proper home for. in any case, fahrney´s buying team has meticulously assembled the best and the brightest of this overstock merchandise to share some non-seasonal joy with all who should not have to wait another six months for such joyful tidings. the selected writing instruments have been coached and counseled that they are indeed special and will soon be loved and appreciated in ways they cannot possibly imagine. we thank you all for your continued support of this worthy program and know that you are making a difference. and please, keep the ink flowing. 7/16/13 fahrney´s pens cursive handwriting workshop for children ages 8 to 12 years (3rd - 6th grade) penmanship was once an important part of every student´s early education, but the world of personal computers, tablets, e-mail and texting has rendered the handwritten note an obsolete form of communication – a skill that many of today´s students only learn to appreciate from their grandparents. schools are spending less time than ever teaching the art of cursive handwriting as more effort is devoted to typing in the early grades. since other subjects are taking precedence over penmanship, so many students can´t read or write in cursive and parents are realizing that their children are graduating with illegible handwriting. so fahrney´s decided to start offering a workshop to help children learn the art of cursive writing. with these classes, fahrney´s hopes to introduce the younger generation to the joys of the written word and to reinforce the importance of clear communication. studies show that learning cursive helps children´s brain synapses to develop because it requires fluid movement, eye-hand coordination and fine motor skill development. this two-hour workshop is being held on saturday, august 3rd from 1:00pm - 3:00pm in fahrney´s downtown store and is limited to only six students. the cost is $60, which includes a workbook and fountain pen that they can take home and practice with. fahrney´s very own calligrapher and class instructor, elizabeth bunn, brings 20 years of experience in the field of beautiful writing. for additional details, visit the "cursive for kids" event page. here are a few comments from elizabeth regarding previously held classes: all the kids were very enthusiastic, from the very youngest to the oldest (even my 13 year old student). as they were practicing during class, all the kids were concentrating very intently, even the youngest. no one was restless. parents who were there observing could already see marked improvement in just the few hours of practice in class. i received cursive thank-yous from some of the children as well as parents in the mail! a step-father of a boy who took my first class wants his young daughter to take the class as soon as she is old enough... she is 3 or 4 now. click here for a list of pens, journals and workbooks we recommend for our younger generation of writers. 7/09/13 the gettysburg address it was 150 years ago this week (july 1 – 3, 1863) that the bloodiest battle in u.s. history took place. in the small town of gettysburg, pa. more soldiers lost their lives than the casualties from the american revolution, war of 1812 and mexican war combined. four and a half months later president lincoln used the dedication ceremony for the gettysburg national cemetery to issue his historic gettysburg address. there were close to 50,000 lives lost in what is commonly considered the turning point of the civil war. union major general george meade´s army of the potomac withheld three days of attacks by general robert e lee´s army of northern virginia, ending lee´s invasion of the north. the following day, on the fourth of july, vicksburg, mississippi fell to union major general u.s. grant. even though the war dragged on for almost another two years, the confederacy was logistically fractured and never recovered. we at fahrney´s pay tribute to all the brave men and women who have died serving this great country and wish it a very happy 237th birthday this fourth of july. the gettysburg address (the nicolay draft often referred to as the "first draft") four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth, upon this continent, a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that "all men are created equal". now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived, and so dedicated, can long endure. we are met on a great battle field of that war. we have come to dedicate a portion of it, as a final resting place for those who died here, that the nation might live. this we may, in all propriety do. but, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate—we can not consecrate—we can not hallow, this ground—the brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have hallowed it, far above our poor power to add or detract. the world will little note, nor long remember what we say here; while it can never forget what they did here. it is rather for us, the living, to stand here, we here be dedicated to the great task remaining before us—that, from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they here, gave the last full measure of devotion—that we here highly resolve these dead shall not have died in vain; that the nation, shall have a new birth of freedom, and that government of the people by the people for the people, shall not perish from the earth. 7/02/13 as told to ms. inky spinky happy summer! let me introduce myself. my name is ms. pen l. ope. i am a fountain pen and i was just recently adopted by my owner, ida rather b. writing, through fahrney´s pens. this summer i will be going on several trips with my owner and i will be relaying tales of my adventures to you during the coming months. our first destination is italy and ida is finishing packing now. there she goes again throwing me into her handbag (aka bermuda triangle). ouch, i´m getting all scratched up. when she bought me at fahrney´s, i told her to buy a leather case for me as did the nice sales associate.... did ida listen to us?... no! she is lucky i don´t suffer from claustrophobia. fahrney´s has a nice selection of cases that i would love to slip into! at the rate this woman is going, i´m going to need a doctor... a pen doctor if she doesn´t buy a case for me now! we are on the airplane now... a few minutes ago airport security almost didn´t let me through because they thought my passport photo didn´t look like me. unfortunately, the change in cabin pressure has made my ink leak and my ears are aching... does anyone have any chewing gum? maybe i´ll just try to take a nap if that screaming child would just be quiet! at last we have landed in beautiful, romantic, sunny rome, that city made so famous by audrey hepburn in the movie, "roman holiday." i remember seeing her framed autograph on the walls of fahrney´s dc store. after dropping the luggage at our hotel, we will be touring the colosseum. i plan to visit my pen cousins, the gladiators who will also be visiting rome from their home at stipula in firenze (florence). it will be so grand touring that historic site with family. in the evening, i will be having dinner with pen pals, the optimas from their home at aurora in torino. afterwards, we plan on throwing three coins in the trevi fountain for good luck. i figured it would be much better throwing the coins in the fountain as opposed to the coin cufflinks that ida bought at fahrney´s to give to her husband as an anniversary gift when he meets us back in rome in a few weeks. it is the next morning, and we are spending it walking the streets of this eternal city, in and out of shoe boutiques... gee ida can shop. i´ve signed so many of those thermal paper credit card receipts... oh, my aching nib! then to add insult to injury, her son decided we should head out into the countryside and test my durability by throwing me out of the leaning tower of pisa... nib first! this morning through the muffle of ida´s handbag, i thought i heard her say we were going to get pizza. little did i know what i would be in for. fortunately, i had a soft landing and not much damage was done. oh for a nice soothing bath of 2 parts cold water and 1 part eau de ammonia followed by a refill of fahrney´s spearmint ink, which would be plum perfect... instead i got orange crush. all for today, ´til i get my tines straightened out. day after tomorrow, we will be in naples. we are in naples now... ida is relaxing by the hotel pool, soaking up some rays, sporting her cross sun readers and looking "spec"tacular. today she has me filled with fahrney´s naples blue ink... it´s so soothing, cool and apropros to our locale. ida is using me to write in her new travel journal made by graphic image... it has such pen-friendly paper that is of archival quality. i just love writing on it! all for now...tomorrow we are in spain... arrivederci, ms. pen l. ope 6/25/13 fahrney’s 84th anniversary in june of 1929 earl fahrney set up shop in dc’s willard hotel and in no time senators and members of congress were standing in line to have their fountain pens serviced, using the store as an impromptu meeting place. in 1972, jon and corrine sullivan bought the business from mr. fahrney and 41 years later, loyal customers braved tropical storm conditions to help celebrate fahrney’s pens’ 84 glorious years in business at its annual anniversary event. eighteen vendors representing 38 pen manufacturers were also on hand for the june 7-8 event and despite the weather sales were brisk and the turn out was phenomenal. due to the storm, special savings were extended beyond the show. visitors announced themselves from the uk, italy, iran, australia, brazil and japan, as well as countless out-of-state travelers who stated the anniversary sale was their sole purpose for traveling to washington dc. everyone associated with this venerable pen institution was humbled by the outpouring of support from long-time friends and new acquaintances. the many pen representatives who sacrificed a part of their weekend to share in the experience stated that what never ceased to amaze them was the sheer exuberance they witnessed from the visiting throngs. the store memories, the fallen and resurrected pen stories, and the gentle debates on the best pens to own are all rehashed with great zeal and affection. as fahrney’s steams ahead towards the big 85th there will be no resting on its laurels. the website is considered the best in the pen business, the catalog has the largest circulation in the industry and the store is considered the showplace of the company. all three areas will be undergoing changes and improvements in the months ahead. technology will continue to advance and fahrney’s will endeavor to mesh the new with the traditional simplicity and beauty of pen to paper. we thank each and every customer – without you there would not be this fine place in the world to shop for pens – and as always let us endeavor to keep the ink flowing. 6/18/13 plant a tree, create a legacy – just like our founding fathers fahrney’s is excited to present each year an exclusive limited edition knife crafted in woods of historic significance and custom-made for us by the artisans at william henry studio. the first piece in the series features the wood from a horse chestnut tree planted by george washington - just a few pieces left! our newest limited edition knife features an inlay of the natural wood from a tulip poplar tree widely believed to have been planted by thomas jefferson on the southwest corner of his beloved virginia home, monticello. removed for safety reasons in 2008, the tree was one of the grandest specimens of its kind. it seems that many of our founding fathers had an affinity for trees, recording the conditions, locations and progress of various plantings – and leaving us today with fascinating documents detailing their arboreal passions. jefferson was particularly enchanted with trees, having been described as "the father of american forestry" for an 1804 planting of white pine and hemlock – not to mention the other 158 species of trees he cultivated. his commitment to tree preservation was strongly suggested by a statement he allegedly made during a dinner at the president´s house: "i wish i was a despot that i might save the noble, beautiful trees that are daily falling sacrifice to the cupidity of their owners, or the necessity of the poor. . . .the unnecessary felling of a tree, perhaps the growth of centuries, seems to me a crime little short of murder." two months before his death, at the age of eighty-three, he designed an arboretum for the university of virginia. such an epilogue to years of planting at monticello was perhaps inspired by jefferson´s own adage: "too old to plant trees for my own gratification i shall do it for posterity." jefferson might be pleased to learn that his tulip poplar lives on today, not only as a handsome and useful knife, but also on a college campus in a state that did not even exist in his lifetime. after a ferocious storm in 2006, the ravaged landscape of the grounds at kansas university in lawrence was slowly brought back to life with the planting of new trees. one concerned alumnus brought a seedling from the tulip poplar that stood on the west lawn at monticello, which jefferson likely planted in 1807. "it´s a tree descended from a man who loved learning more than anything," said dennis farney, the ku alumnus who donated the tree. farney (no relation to fahrney’s) bought the seedling eight years earlier at monticello, flew it home and had been nurturing it before replanting at ku. farney earned journalism and political science degrees at the university. a retired journalist, he held many positions, including white house correspondent, at the wall street journal. we will try to contact mr. farney to find out the progress of his seedling to share with you. in the meantime, keep the ink flowing and the trees growing! 6/11/13 our company about us contact us privacy policy store events need help? customer service track your order edit your account returns policy shipping information questions and answers pen repair resources catalog quick order order a catalog gift certificates tell a friend wish list write point archive join our community verisign bizrate copyright 2013, fahrney's pens. all rights reserved : site developed and maintained by ability commerce homefine penspen refills and inkaccessoriesfine giftsleather goodshistory autographs tools tap to call navigate site my cart track order my account view current catalog loading....