来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231223004146/https://www.fahrneyspens.com/content--name-Privacy-Policy
================================================================================

privacy policy | safe and strong at fahrney's pens skip to main content accessibility customer servicemy accountview cart (0)1-800-624-7367current catalog mobile menufine pensfountain pensballpoint pensrollerball pensfahrneys exclusiveslimited edition penscalligraphy pensmechanical pencilsmulti function penspen setschildren's penscolored pens & pencilspen refills and inkfountain pen cartridgesink bottlesfountain pen convertersballpoint pen refillsrollerball pen refillspencil refillsmulti color pen refillsstylus & partsink remover & cleanerink wells & blottersdesk accessoriesnotepadsbookspen standspen boxesother desk accessoriesorganizers & refillscalligraphy suppliesstationery suppliesluxury giftscufflinksfine money clipsfine lightersfine key ringsfine knivesleather pen casesleather journals and notebooksbusiness card holdersleather walletsother leather goodsshop by brandmontblanccaran d achecross pensgraf von faber-castellmontegrappaparker penpelikanwaterman pensretro 51view all brandswhats new!clearance fine pensclearance pen refills and inkclearance desk accessoriesclearance luxury giftssuper savings fahrney's pens privacy policy thank you for being a loyal fahrney’s pens customer fahrney's pens has been in business since 1929, delivering exceptional customer service while respecting your privacy. we strongly believe that ordering online should be a worry-free experience. as a customer, and additionally when you subscribe to our email list, the information you provide is used to send you details of new products, special offers, news, etc. you can request to unsubscribe at any time. fahrney’s pens believes in protecting your information. below is our privacy policy, which describes the information we may collect when you use/visit our website (fahrneyspens.com) or through our call center. by using these services, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree to collection of data, please do not use the website. this privacy statement addresses the following: information we automatically collect we may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, or other technologies to automatically collect certain information when you use fahrneyspens.com, or interact with our emails or advertisements for and upon our site. a cookie is a data file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. for example, we may automatically collect information such as your ip address, geolocation data, unique user id, mobile phone model, type of electronic device, its operating system, and internet service provider. we also may collect information about your use of fahrneyspens.com, such as the time you spend using the site, the number of times you return, whether you click-through, open, or forward links, emails, and adverts. these technologies, such as cookies, allow us to keep track of your order as you browse on our site, recognize registered users when they visit, and to provide customers with relevant information to be used in adverts for these customers. if you register with or order from us, we may use cookies or other technologies to monitor and maintain information about your purchase information and your web activity. if you do not register with or buy from us, we may monitor and maintain information about your use in order to provide you with more relevant content and advertising in situations such as retargeting adverts when you visit other websites after to your visit to fahrneyspens.com. you may adjust your browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the site. even without a cookie, you can still utilize all benefits and most of the features of our site, including making a purchase, but we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user unless you log in. our system may not respond to do not track requests or headers from some or all browsers. we may share your information with third party marketing partners and data co-ops for commercial purposes and may use certain third parties to provide you with more relevant online advertising based on your activities on our site. for certain service providers, such as social media platforms, and on your mobile device, you can adjust your privacy and advertising settings to limit your tracking for advertising or control whether you receive more relevant advertising. information you provide to us we only collect certain information from you when you provide it to us, such as when you: register; place an order, or contact us. the information we collect from you may include your name, mailing address, daytime telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, account user name and password, and payment information. if you use a third party login to register or otherwise link to us, we may receive certain information about you from the third party (such as facebook as an example) based on your registration and privacy settings on that third party service. information collected from other sources we may obtain information about you from other sources, including social networks that you use to connect with us. this information may include name, user name, demographic information, updated address or contact information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and online activity. we may also combine the information we receive from and about you, including the information you provide to us on the website, information we receive from third parties, information we automatically collect (as explained above), and information provided or collected offline when you order directly from our location. registration (my account) we encourage you to register when purchasing on our site, however registration is not required. our site registration requires users to provide contact information (such as name, mailing address, daytime telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, log in name and password). you must be 16 years of age or older to register. registration helps us to provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience. the customer contact information you provide will be used to contact you concerning the status of an order, answer your questions and, unless you choose to opt-out, to send you communications about upcoming sales, contests, promotions and product information. you acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration information and password. you are responsible for all use of fahrneyspens.com under your registered account. information use we may use the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes: to provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience; to process your orders, contact you concerning the status of an order, answer any of your questions, or otherwise contact and communicate with you to provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on the service, other websites or via text message, and to contact you about upcoming fahrney’s pens sales, promotions, and product information to allow you to participate in promotions to help us learn more about our website to improve their purchasing experience and our business; to address problems with the website, and to protect the security of the fahrneyspens.com and our business; to contact you about upcoming promotions and otherwise as described to you at the point of collection. information disclosure to our service providers, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for us. for payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, website evaluation and data analysis, and distributing marketing and promotional material. to comply with the law, to respond to governmental inquiries or requests, to enforce our policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property, or safety. otherwise, with your consent. as with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, we might sell or buy online stores or other assets. in such transactions, information about customers often is among the transferred assets. accordingly, in the unlikely event that our company or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, such information may be one of the transferred assets. should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to require that the transferee use personal information provided through fahrney’s pens consistent with this privacy policy. we share personal information about fahrneyspens.com users with unaffiliated third parties who perform services on our behalf in the following scenarios: if the request is made by you your personal information is required to complete a transaction you have requested (ie payment processing, order fulfillment, shipping, etc) we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers in order to perform functions on our behalf the third parties and data co-ops (oracle) provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you, or for commercial/marketing purposes the information is provided to such third parties as otherwise described in this policy. we do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose your personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf, provide goods or services we believe may be of interest to you, or comply with legal requirements. we may combine information we collect about you or receive offline with information we collect online. for example, we may enhance our customer information with third party data in order to enhance our existing information and/or improve the accuracy of our customer information. updating your information please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating the personal information you provide to us. if you have registered with us, you may update your personal information through your registered account on fahrneyspens.com at any time. if you elect to delete some or all of your personal information, please send an email to custserv@fahrneyspens.com. keep in mind that we may retain transactional data in accordance with various laws, regulations and our company's retention policy. please read further in the policy for more detail in regards to opting out. changes to our privacy statement we may amend this privacy statement at any time. if we make any changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us, and/or by posting notice of the changes on fahrneyspens.com. option to opt-out and disclosure residents of all states have the right to access their personal data, including information about the manner in which it was collected, where it is stored, and the usage of said personal data (listed above). at all times, residents of all states have the option of "opting out" or restricting this usage, including the restriction of having your information shared with third parties. please notice us of your choices at custserv@fahrneyspens.com. by this, you may request at any time to have all of your data removed from all collection points (regardless of the length of time in which we collected and used this data), and you will receive confirmation that it has been completed. please note that any subsequent transaction will involve obtaining and storing personal data. if you choose to opt-out of the email database (by either unsubscribing on the website, through the customer contact center (phone), or by using the unsubscribe link found within emails), you may continue to receive non-marketing email messages from us, including, but not limited to, information pertaining to your order in a purely transactional capacity. california consumer privacy act (effective january 1, 2020) per the ccpa, as a california resident, you have the right to opt-out at any time. to do so, please contact custserv@fahrneyspens.com or call 1-800-624-7367. for more details on consumer rights under ccpa, please click here. security of information our website uses industry-standard secure socket layer (ssl)/transport layer security (tls) technology, to provide encryption of personal information such as your name, address and credit card details. in this way, information passed between your computer and our website cannot be read in the unlikely event of someone intercepting it. all credit and debit card transactions are secure. we will only accept orders using ssl/tls technology-this means you cannot inadvertently reveal personal information by using an unsecured connection. in order for ssl/tls security to work, you must use an ssl/tls enabled browser. please note that email encryption is not always secure, so please use our website for placing your order. if you still have reservations, you can call to place your order at 1-800-624-pens(7367). we do not show your credit card details on any paperwork. to prevent fraudulent or unauthorized use of credit cards for first-time buyers, we insist that your first order is delivered directly to the card holder's registered address. additionally, we randomly select orders for authorization checks prior to processing. data security in the event of a data breach where your personal information is at risk, we are obligated to notify you, the consumer, as to the extent of the data breach, and what steps are being undertaken to resolve the issue. by law, if your personal data is compromised, we will notify you within 72 hours upon learning of the security incident. links to other websites fahrneyspens.com contains links to other sites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or apps. accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy statement posted on any website or app that you access through fahrneyspens.com. the terms and conditions herein do not apply to any such linked websites or apps. fahrney’s pens does not endorse any linked websites or apps, or the information, materials, products or services that are contained in or accessible through such linked websites or apps. fahrney’s pens disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information, materials, products and services that are contained in or accessible through linked websites or apps, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. you acknowledge and agree that fahrney’s pens is not responsible for the content, accuracy, legality, decency, copyright compliance, privacy practices, security or any other aspects of any such linked websites or apps, and that the access or use of any such linked websites or apps is solely at your own risk, and you hereby waive any and all claims against fahrney’s pens with respect to usage of these third party applications and or websites. helpful links about us customer service store events pen repair privacy policy thank you for being a loyal fahrney’s pens customer fahrney's pens has been in business since 1929, delivering exceptional customer service while respecting your privacy. we strongly believe that ordering online should be a worry-free experience. as a customer, and additionally when you subscribe to our email list, the information you provide is used to send you details of new products, special offers, news, etc. you can request to unsubscribe at any time. fahrney’s pens believes in protecting your information. below is our privacy policy, which describes the information we may collect when you use/visit our website (fahrneyspens.com) or through our call center. by using these services, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree to collection of data, please do not use the website. this privacy statement addresses the following: information we automatically collect we may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, or other technologies to automatically collect certain information when you use fahrneyspens.com, or interact with our emails or advertisements for and upon our site. a cookie is a data file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. for example, we may automatically collect information such as your ip address, geolocation data, unique user id, mobile phone model, type of electronic device, its operating system, and internet service provider. we also may collect information about your use of fahrneyspens.com, such as the time you spend using the site, the number of times you return, whether you click-through, open, or forward links, emails, and adverts. these technologies, such as cookies, allow us to keep track of your order as you browse on our site, recognize registered users when they visit, and to provide customers with relevant information to be used in adverts for these customers. if you register with or order from us, we may use cookies or other technologies to monitor and maintain information about your purchase information and your web activity. if you do not register with or buy from us, we may monitor and maintain information about your use in order to provide you with more relevant content and advertising in situations such as retargeting adverts when you visit other websites after to your visit to fahrneyspens.com. you may adjust your browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the site. even without a cookie, you can still utilize all benefits and most of the features of our site, including making a purchase, but we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user unless you log in. our system may not respond to do not track requests or headers from some or all browsers. we may share your information with third party marketing partners and data co-ops for commercial purposes and may use certain third parties to provide you with more relevant online advertising based on your activities on our site. for certain service providers, such as social media platforms, and on your mobile device, you can adjust your privacy and advertising settings to limit your tracking for advertising or control whether you receive more relevant advertising. information you provide to us we only collect certain information from you when you provide it to us, such as when you: register; place an order, or contact us. the information we collect from you may include your name, mailing address, daytime telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, account user name and password, and payment information. if you use a third party login to register or otherwise link to us, we may receive certain information about you from the third party (such as facebook as an example) based on your registration and privacy settings on that third party service. information collected from other sources we may obtain information about you from other sources, including social networks that you use to connect with us. this information may include name, user name, demographic information, updated address or contact information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and online activity. we may also combine the information we receive from and about you, including the information you provide to us on the website, information we receive from third parties, information we automatically collect (as explained above), and information provided or collected offline when you order directly from our location. registration (my account) we encourage you to register when purchasing on our site, however registration is not required. our site registration requires users to provide contact information (such as name, mailing address, daytime telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, log in name and password). you must be 16 years of age or older to register. registration helps us to provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience. the customer contact information you provide will be used to contact you concerning the status of an order, answer your questions and, unless you choose to opt-out, to send you communications about upcoming sales, contests, promotions and product information. you acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration information and password. you are responsible for all use of fahrneyspens.com under your registered account. information use we may use the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes: to provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience; to process your orders, contact you concerning the status of an order, answer any of your questions, or otherwise contact and communicate with you to provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on the service, other websites or via text message, and to contact you about upcoming fahrney’s pens sales, promotions, and product information to allow you to participate in promotions to help us learn more about our website to improve their purchasing experience and our business; to address problems with the website, and to protect the security of the fahrneyspens.com and our business; to contact you about upcoming promotions and otherwise as described to you at the point of collection. information disclosure to our service providers, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for us. for payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, website evaluation and data analysis, and distributing marketing and promotional material. to comply with the law, to respond to governmental inquiries or requests, to enforce our policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property, or safety. otherwise, with your consent. as with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, we might sell or buy online stores or other assets. in such transactions, information about customers often is among the transferred assets. accordingly, in the unlikely event that our company or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, such information may be one of the transferred assets. should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to require that the transferee use personal information provided through fahrney’s pens consistent with this privacy policy. we share personal information about fahrneyspens.com users with unaffiliated third parties who perform services on our behalf in the following scenarios: if the request is made by you your personal information is required to complete a transaction you have requested (ie payment processing, order fulfillment, shipping, etc) we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers in order to perform functions on our behalf the third parties and data co-ops (oracle) provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you, or for commercial/marketing purposes the information is provided to such third parties as otherwise described in this policy. we do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose your personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf, provide goods or services we believe may be of interest to you, or comply with legal requirements. we may combine information we collect about you or receive offline with information we collect online. for example, we may enhance our customer information with third party data in order to enhance our existing information and/or improve the accuracy of our customer information. updating your information please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating the personal information you provide to us. if you have registered with us, you may update your personal information through your registered account on fahrneyspens.com at any time. if you elect to delete some or all of your personal information, please send an email to custserv@fahrneyspens.com. keep in mind that we may retain transactional data in accordance with various laws, regulations and our company's retention policy. please read further in the policy for more detail in regards to opting out. changes to our privacy statement we may amend this privacy statement at any time. if we make any changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us, and/or by posting notice of the changes on fahrneyspens.com. option to opt-out and disclosure residents of all states have the right to access their personal data, including information about the manner in which it was collected, where it is stored, and the usage of said personal data (listed above). at all times, residents of all states have the option of "opting out" or restricting this usage, including the restriction of having your information shared with third parties. please notice us of your choices at custserv@fahrneyspens.com. by this, you may request at any time to have all of your data removed from all collection points (regardless of the length of time in which we collected and used this data), and you will receive confirmation that it has been completed. please note that any subsequent transaction will involve obtaining and storing personal data. if you choose to opt-out of the email database (by either unsubscribing on the website, through the customer contact center (phone), or by using the unsubscribe link found within emails), you may continue to receive non-marketing email messages from us, including, but not limited to, information pertaining to your order in a purely transactional capacity. california consumer privacy act (effective january 1, 2020) per the ccpa, as a california resident, you have the right to opt-out at any time. to do so, please contact custserv@fahrneyspens.com or call 1-800-624-7367. for more details on consumer rights under ccpa, please click here. security of information our website uses industry-standard secure socket layer (ssl)/transport layer security (tls) technology, to provide encryption of personal information such as your name, address and credit card details. in this way, information passed between your computer and our website cannot be read in the unlikely event of someone intercepting it. all credit and debit card transactions are secure. we will only accept orders using ssl/tls technology-this means you cannot inadvertently reveal personal information by using an unsecured connection. in order for ssl/tls security to work, you must use an ssl/tls enabled browser. please note that email encryption is not always secure, so please use our website for placing your order. if you still have reservations, you can call to place your order at 1-800-624-pens(7367). we do not show your credit card details on any paperwork. to prevent fraudulent or unauthorized use of credit cards for first-time buyers, we insist that your first order is delivered directly to the card holder's registered address. additionally, we randomly select orders for authorization checks prior to processing. data security in the event of a data breach where your personal information is at risk, we are obligated to notify you, the consumer, as to the extent of the data breach, and what steps are being undertaken to resolve the issue. by law, if your personal data is compromised, we will notify you within 72 hours upon learning of the security incident. links to other websites fahrneyspens.com contains links to other sites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or apps. accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy statement posted on any website or app that you access through fahrneyspens.com. the terms and conditions herein do not apply to any such linked websites or apps. fahrney’s pens does not endorse any linked websites or apps, or the information, materials, products or services that are contained in or accessible through such linked websites or apps. fahrney’s pens disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information, materials, products and services that are contained in or accessible through linked websites or apps, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. you acknowledge and agree that fahrney’s pens is not responsible for the content, accuracy, legality, decency, copyright compliance, privacy practices, security or any other aspects of any such linked websites or apps, and that the access or use of any such linked websites or apps is solely at your own risk, and you hereby waive any and all claims against fahrney’s pens with respect to usage of these third party applications and or websites. about us customer service store events pen repair * our company about us store events site map accessibility need help? contact us customer service shipping information newsletter maintenance privacy & security do not sell my personal information resources catalog quick order order a catalog wish list verisign bizrate internet retailer bizrate circle of excellence copyright , fahrney's pens. all rights reserved : site developed and maintained by ability commerce, inc. loading.... loading....