来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20250501175031/https://www.healingcrystals.com/newsletters.html
================================================================================

newsletter archive - information about crystals as a healing tool spend $100 or more & get 60% off - use code bulk60 or spend $500 or more & get 65% off - use code bulk65 spend $1000 or more & get 70% off - use code bulk70 all sales final & no returns. excludes gift vouchers categories x home catalog slideshow specials on sale today! clearance items back in stock new arrivals featured items best sellers accessories crystal grid kits & ebook crystal info cards & oracle decks crystal reference charts ebooks gift vouchers incense, sage & palo santo pouches crystal lamps (salt, selenite, etc.) view all assortments chakra sets crystal jewelry cut & polished natural crystals tumbled stones specialty mixes crystal jewelry bracelets necklaces pendants rings by shape by stone type cut & polished crystals angels cabochons geometric shape hearts spheres towers wands by shape by stone type natural crystals & minerals chips chunks clusters points large specimens clear quartz (only) by shape by stone type tumbled stones tumbled chips tumbled stones by stone type tags by stone name by primary chakra by astrological sign by color by common condition all physical spiritual emotional by mineral class by shape/formation popular amethyst clear quartz aura quartz salt lamps & more chakra sets by astrological sign by color by stone type recently viewed guides & resources metaphysical guide crystal formations guide crystals for common conditions crystal safeguards crystal references & resources crystal divination cards newsletter archive featured articles let's get started amethyst geodes clear quartz crystals crystals and minerals crystals for protection fascinating formations healing crystals how to choose a crystal how to clear crystals tumbled stones general articles about us astrology & crystals book reviews crystal healing articles crystal recommendations crystal reference library current updates sacred geometry & crystals affiliates sign up! affiliate information affiliate log in more faq contact close more faq contact search product catalog search article database search metaphysical directory search crystals for common conditions shopping cart sign in close shopping cart account / sign in 0 my cart recently added item(s) close cart subtotal: $0.00 checkout view cart 0 wishlist $5.95 flat rate shipping most orders ship next business day 703-828-4325 $5.95 flat rate shipping most orders ship next business day 703-828-4325 $5.95 flat rate shipping most orders ship next business day 703-828-4325 $5.95 flat rate shipping most orders ship next business day 703-828-4325 $5.95 flat rate shipping most orders ship next business day 703-828-4325 menu close catalog slideshow catalog specials on sale today! clearance items back in stock new arrivals featured items best sellers accessories crystal grid kits & ebook crystal info cards & oracle decks crystal reference charts ebooks gift vouchers incense, sage & palo santo pouches crystal lamps (salt,selenite,etc.) view all assortments chakra sets crystal jewelry cut & polished natural crystals tumbled stones specialty mixes crystal jewelry bracelets necklaces pendants rings by shape by stone type cut & polished crystals angels cabochons geometric shape hearts spheres towers wands by shape by stone type natural crystals & minerals chips chunks clusters points large specimens clear quartz (only) by shape by stone type tumbled stones tumbled chips tumbled stones by stone type tags by stone name by primary chakra by astrological sign by color by common condition all physical spiritual emotional by mineral class by shape/formation popular amethyst clear quartz aura quartz salt lamps & more chakra sets by astrological sign by color by stone type recently viewed articles about us astrology & crystals book reviews crystal healing articles crystal recommendations crystal reference library current updates sacred geometry & crystals featured articles let's get started fascinating formations amethyst geodes healing crystals clear quartz crystals how to choose a crystal crystals and minerals how to clear crystals crystals for protection tumbled stones guides & resources metaphysical guide crystal formations guide crystals for common conditions crystal safeguards crystal references & resources crystal divination cards newsletter archive search product catalog search article database search metaphysical directory search crystals for common conditions 0 recently added item(s) close cart subtotal: $0.00 checkout view cart categories menu close catalog slideshow specials back on sale today! clearance items back in stock featured items best sellers new arrivals accessories back crystal grid kits & ebook ebooks crystal info cards & oracle decks gift vouchers incense, sage & palo santo crystal reference charts pouches crystal lamps (salt, selenite, etc.) view all assortments back chakra sets crystal jewelry cut & polished natural crystals tumbled stones specialty mixes crystal jewelry back bracelets necklaces pendants by shape rings by stone type cut & polished crystals back angels cabochons geometric shape hearts spheres towers wands by shape by stone type natural crystals & minerals back chips chunks clusters points large specimens clear quartz (only) by shape by stone type tumbled stones back tumbled chips tumbled stones by stone type tags by stone name by primary chakra by astrological sign by color by common condition all physical spiritual emotional by mineral class by shape/formation popular back amethyst clear quartz aura quartz salt lamps & more chakra sets by astrological sign by color by stone type recently viewed guides & resources back metaphysical guide crystal formations guide crystals for common conditions crystal safeguards crystal references & resources crystal divination cards newsletter archive featured articles back let's get started fascinating formations amethyst geodes healing crystals clear quartz crystals how to choose a crystal crystals and minerals how to clear crystals crystals for protection tumbled stones general articles back about us astrology & crystals book reviews crystal healing articles crystal recommendations crystal reference library current updates sacred geometry & crystals affiliates back sign up! affiliate information affiliate log in archive of our monthly crystal newsletters post a comment share below is a list of all of our monthly newsletters.  each month we feature different information about the metaphysical uses of crystals.  feel free to contact us with your ideas for our next monthly crystal newsletter. sign up for our monthly newsletter and receive a 10% off coupon and an extra free gift each month! search: narrow search by searching article titles only search only in this category: all categoriesabout usanimal totemsaromatherapy & essential oilsastrology crystalsbook reviewschakra crystal articlescontests, games & surveyscrystal healing articlescrystal recommendationscrystal reference librarycurrent updatescustomer commentscustomer reviewsdaily crystal nuggetfaq - checkout questionshc showroom & wellness centermetaphysical directory: detailednewsletter archivenewsletter articlesonline coursesphenacite clubsacred geometryyoutube videos articles : displaying 1 to 50 (of 199 articles) result pages: 123 healing crystals april 2023 newsletter   ( apr 01, 2023 ) happy april! did you know that the april 3rd is "find a rainbow day"? having rainbows in our crystals can help to bring positivity and light in times of darkness, and remind us to bring that same energy to those around us. the colors of the rainbow are a reminder to be the sunshine in someone... healing crystals march 2023 newsletter   ( mar 01, 2023 ) happy march! with march comes the promise of a new season - spring! as the snow thaws and the sun shines, nature starts to come alive. flowers begin to bud, tree leaves unfold, and all of nature is filled with renewed energy. this time of year is a reminder of the cycles of life, and serves as an opportunity to contemplate... healing crystals february 2023 newsletter   ( feb 01, 2023 ) in case you missed it shawn is retiring and still in the process of passing the healing crystals torch onto a new owner. we promise to keep you all in the loop and we hope to share a new and exciting update very soon! if you follow us on social media, you may have also noticed that siobhan, the lovey face... healing crystals january 2023 newsletter   ( jan 01, 2023 ) welcoming a fresh new year we are living in a time where we have so many opportunities for growth and transformation. the best thing about this time is that we are in control of our future. we can decide what we want to do with the opportunities that are coming at us. the best way to start off the new year is by focusing on... healing crystals december 2022 newsletter   ( dec 01, 2022 ) hello crystal lovers, first, i want to thank you for all of your support through the years. being a part of healing crystals has been an honor and a privilege. healing crystals was founded in 2004 with a mission to "promote education and the use of crystals to support healing". from that mission, a beautiful... healing crystals november 2022 newsletter   ( nov 01, 2022 ) hello to thankful november can you believe it's already november! before we blink again, the end of this year is upon us and this time of the year tends to be one that is so busy for many. it always reminds me to stop in the very beginning of this month and be thankful! we all have good in our lives. it is often the... healing crystals october 2022 newsletter   ( oct 01, 2022 ) hello spooky october! this halloween, we encourage you to not only celebrate halloween with crystals, magic and joy but to also take some time this month for taking care of yourself! the best way to do this is by doing all the things we know we should do (enough sleep, eating nutritionally and moving our body)... healing crystals september 2022 newsletter   ( sep 01, 2022 ) hello september! can you feel that good energy? it's fall and soon she'll be officially here!! fall, a favorite for many, is a wonderful time of year with cooler weather, beautiful leaves and the incredible fall colors. the fall equinox is a perfect opportunity to reflect on what we are grateful for and then... healing crystals august 2022 newsletter   ( aug 01, 2022 ) hello august! a special thank you goes out to all our customers who celebrated christmas in july with us - you all rock and we appreciate all the support! speaking of july, it was wonderfully warm and we've been enjoying spending time with our children over the summer holidays here in virginia. august sees us... healing crystals july 2022 newsletter   ( jul 01, 2022 ) welcoming july! we are happy to share that we are settling into our new space in clear brook quite beautifully and if you're in the area, give us a call to shop by appointment. our new showroom and store address is 4462 martinsburg pike, clear brook, va 22624! if you can't visit us, why not get out of the... healing crystals june 2022 newsletter   ( jun 01, 2022 ) welcoming june and new beginnings june brings good news: our showroom headquarters is moving to clear brook in virginia! we are excited for the new beginning that this brings our new address and head quarters: 4462 martinsburg pike, clear brook, va 22624 what this means for you as a... healing crystals may 2022 newsletter   ( may 01, 2022 ) welcoming may! did you know that no other month of the year starts on the same day as may in a specific year? that means, for example, if may starts on sunday (like this year), then no other month in that year will start on sunday. there is only one other month in the year with this feature, the following month:... healing crystals april 2022 newsletter   ( apr 01, 2022 ) welcoming april 2022 april brings us earth day and at the healing crystals hq, we are blessed to share some of mother earth's beautiful crystals with you. earth day (and every day) is a day to celebrate the beauty of nature, and all the wonders mother earth has to offer us. this month is a great... healing crystals march 2022 newsletter   ( mar 01, 2022 ) welcoming march 2022 the month of march brings with it the promise of spring as it's just around the corner. the last snow should begin to thaw soon, flowers will be popping out in the garden and new leaves will begin to make an appearance with a little more sunshine and fresh breezes. this is also the perfect month to... healing crystals february 2022 newsletter   ( feb 01, 2022 ) welcoming february 2022 ah february, the month of love! while february carries the romantic love association, we want to open up the whole month to all forms of love: self love, work colleagues, family love, friendship, earth and pet love! we like to think that the world gives a little smile when we share love with more... healing crystals january 2022 newsletter   ( jan 01, 2022 ) welcoming the new year of 2022 the new year brings a blank canvas upon which we can paint anything that we desire. if you are looking to be more intentional this year, try writing down a few goals and simple action steps for them. you can combine those intentions with crystals to complement and enhance the energy. if writing... healing crystals december 2021 newsletter   ( dec 01, 2021 ) welcoming december!! as this year draws to a close with this last month and looking back, one thing has stood out and that is how little love there is, not only for each other but for our planet too. for this last month of the year, give a gift that costs nothing: love and kindness. if you're feeling super fancy and have some... healing crystals november 2021 newsletter   ( nov 01, 2021 ) welcoming november!! november is here and for many, the pace begins to pick up as we head toward the holidays and end of the year, but let's take it slow this year. this last month of fall is a great time to reflect, be thankful for what has happened this year and ponder upon goals that you may want to work on when the... healing crystals october 2021 newsletter   ( oct 01, 2021 ) welcoming the month of october happy hallo-month, one of our favorite times of the year, and who says october is just about haunted houses and fall leaves? october holds a creative canvas of artistic talent and style, not to mention that we’re entering into the best time to get out and explore. while we may not... healing crystals september 2021 newsletter   ( sep 01, 2021 ) welcoming the month of september as we welcome september, we also begin to say goodbye to summer and hello to fall once the fall equinox arrives on the 22nd. the leaves will be changing color and trees will be shedding. it's a bittersweet reminder as we prepare for winter that as the trees let go of their leaves, so too... healing crystals august 2021 newsletter   ( aug 01, 2021 ) welcoming the month of august have you ever heard of "sneak some zucchini onto your neighbor's porch night"? it is supposedly celebrated on the night of august the 8th and the premise behind it is: "sneak some zucchini onto your neighbor's porch night is a night when people who have grown too... healing crystals july 2021 newsletter   ( jul 01, 2021 ) welcoming the month of july it's no surprise that bright red ruby is july's birthstone seeing as this is the month that usually brings us a lovely summer heat. now is the time to blissfully enjoy the warmth, go to work dreaming of beach days lounging by the pool and delighting in the weekends when we get to do just... healing crystals june 2021 newsletter   ( jun 01, 2021 ) highlights for the month of may with june bringing in the warmth, gardens growing and trees displaying their full summer foliage, let's also take the time to be kind to the environment, especially with world environment day on the 5th. our small, mindful changes make a difference. this father's day,... healing crystals may 2021 newsletter   ( may 01, 2021 ) highlights for the month of may this month, we put our hands on our hearts to honor and remember all who have lost their lives during war times on memorial day. also, we honor our all the mothers on our beautiful planet. mothers come in all shapes and sizes: grandmothers, aunts, sisters, our biological mothers, women... healing crystals april 2021 newsletter   ( apr 01, 2021 ) personal shopping experiences did you know that you we are offering virtual and in-person shopping experiences? a virtual shopping experience allows you to shop with us no matter where you are in the world! yes you can do this on our website, but you aren't able to actually see the... healing crystals march 2021 newsletter   ( mar 01, 2021 ) personal shopping experiences would you like to walk through our showroom, and select your own crystals? now you can do just that! no matter where you are in the world, you can now shop in our showroom or warehouse, even from the comfort of your own home in your pjs, with a virtual personal shopping... healing crystals february 2021 newsletter   ( feb 01, 2021 ) virtual personal shopping experience would you like to walk through our warehouse and choose your own crystals? well, now you can do that with a virtual personal shopping experience! every wednesday from feb 10 we have seven timeslots available where you can schedule an appointment to personally shop around... healing crystals january 2021 newsletter   ( jan 01, 2021 ) hello 2021! what's happening this month? our warehouse will be closed on january 1st but we'll be back in the showroom and warehouse picking, packing and shipping your orders from the 4th! looking forward to 2021 with all of you! january, a new month and a new year! this month we will have a range of new... healing crystals december 2020 newsletter   ( dec 01, 2020 ) finishing 2020 with something exciting december starts with some fireworks here at healing crystals, so join us on facebook or instagram to see what we're bringing for our 12 days of crystal christmas, starting december 01. there will be special bundles we've created and great bargains just... healing crystals november 2020 newsletter   ( nov 01, 2020 ) crystal live sale fridays and other news the showroom may be closed but 2020 brought us the opportunity to bring the showroom straight to you and your screen! consider this your official invitation to join our healing crystal live sales facebook group to join our live sales every friday. come see what fills our... healing crystals october 2020 newsletter   ( oct 01, 2020 ) something not so spooky for halloween! join us on halloween weekend from october 29 to november 1 to celebrate 20% sitewide! no costumes necessary and there will be lots of crystal treats to go around! through the month we are also going to be featuring our favorite halloween inspired specimen and crystals so make...healing crystals september 2020 newsletter   ( sep 01, 2020 ) diy crystal grid kits do you love crystal grids and get all the feels when you see beautiful grid photos on your social media newsfeed? want to get started with your own crystal...healing crystals august 2020 newsletter   ( aug 01, 2020 ) going big in august with our specimen! this august we are offering 20% off select specimen crystals! this is something we are incredibly excited...healing crystals july 2020 newsletter   ( jul 01, 2020 ) christmas in july - get excited with us!!! if you haven't heard the news yet, we have indeed re-opened and are accepting online orders again, yay! and it's just in time...healing crystals june 2020 newsletter   ( jun 01, 2020 ) a crystal grid for vitality due to the coronavirus outbreak, we have made the difficult decision to close our pick-n-pack warehouse temporarily and our website is closed for...healing crystals may 2020 newsletter   ( may 01, 2020 ) a crystal grid for healing due to the coronavirus outbreak, we have made the difficult decision to close our pick-n-pack warehouse temporarily and our website is closed for...healing crystals april 2020 newsletter   ( apr 01, 2020 ) temporarily closing the pick-n-pack warehouse some of you have gone off of social media with the bombardment of news regarding the coronovirus, so if you didn't catch this...healing crystals march 2020 newsletter   ( mar 08, 2020 ) if you love crystals, which we are sure you do because otherwise you wouldn't be a subscriber, and you want to earn a little extra "crystal credits" to buy more crystals, you're going to love our affiliate program. our affiliate program enables you to earn commission which you can use on our...healing crystals february 2020 newsletter   ( feb 08, 2020 ) while we cannot offer you a smile because you will be reading this online, we can offer you three ebooks that you can download for free! your free bundle includes the following three ebooks: healing crystals: an a-z guide, crystal formations guide and crystals for common conditions (this offer was only applicable...healing crystals january 2019 newsletter   ( jan 08, 2020 ) let's all hold neil gaiman's words to our heart for 2020: “i hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes. because if you are making mistakes, then you are making new things, trying new things, learning, living, pushing yourself, changing yourself, changing your world. you're doing things you've...healing crystals december 2019 newsletter   ( dec 08, 2019 ) “my idea of christmas, whether old-fashioned or modern, is very simple: loving others.” ?bob hope whether you celebrate christmas or not, we at healing crystals wish you only love over the festive season. remaining clearance crystals are now 75% off! the clearance...healing crystals november 2019 newsletter   ( nov 08, 2019 ) “gratitude is a powerful catalyst for happiness. it’s the spark that lights a fire of joy in your soul.” - amy collette healing crystals clearance extravaganza sale! 66% off over 100+ different crystals! by now many of you know that we are in the process of...healing crystals october 2019 newsletter   ( oct 08, 2019 ) “magic is really very simple, all you've got to do is want something and then let yourself have it.” - aggie cromwell, halloweentown october has arrived and what is october most well-known for? halloween, jack-o-lanterns and pumpkin spice of course! i know many people look forward to october for those very reasons...healing crystals september 2019 newsletter   ( sep 12, 2019 ) top picks from the clearance extravaganza featured crystals in crystal talk articles of the month: 10 best crystals for connecting to spirit guides by jaime pfeffer moon talk by beth dalvi healing crystals clearance extravaganza sale! 50% off over 100 different crystals and...healing crystals august 2019 newsletter   ( aug 06, 2019 ) healing crystals clearance extravaganza sale! 50% off over 100 different crystals!! we are in the process of clearing out the shelves, boxes and crystal storage in our showroom to make room for the clearance extravaganza sale that will be happening over the next 5 months! starting in august our...healing crystals july 2019 newsletter   ( jul 08, 2019 ) independence day is a huge holiday for us here in the usa, but anyone can appreciate the spirit of independence! in addition to this, the colors associated with the fourth of july are colors that work great together. it's colors you can work with all of the time as red can be grounding, blue can help to enhance your intuition and white can promote...healing crystals june 2019 newsletter   ( jun 07, 2019 ) we are finally halfway through 2019 and i don't know about you but it's been a crazy ride for many of us so far. 2019 is showing that it's a year filled with many changes as well as better awareness around what is toxic and just not cutting it. june is the month where we celebrate father's day, and i want to take a moment to hold space for our...healing crystals may 2019 newsletter   ( may 15, 2019 )may 2019 newsletter this may, we are honoring so many important figures in our lives, namely our moms, the earth as well as those who have sacrified their life so that we can have a free and safer life. i quickly want to talk about memorial day. originally designated as a tribute for those men and women who gave their lives while serving their country. it is a time to recognise and...healing crystals april 2019 newsletter   ( apr 09, 2019 )april 2019 newsletter april is the middle of spring for those in the northern hemisphere and the middle of autumn in the southern hemisphere. it's a great reminder of the balance that exists - while one half of the world is awakening, the other half is preparing for the "hiberation". to me, april speaks a lot about balance and duality, not only when i look at what the...healing crystals march 2019 newsletter   ( mar 12, 2019 )march 2019 newsletter welcome to march 2019! how is your year going thus far? apart from st. patrick's day, did you know that there are a couple of significant earth days this month, namely world water day and the spring equinox? as the earth starts to defrost a little and seeds begin to sprout to say hello, look to your life: are there areas that need some water, a little... displaying 1 to 50 (of 199 articles) result pages: 123 facebook loading... instagram loading... about healing crystals healing crystals was founded in 2003 with the goal of providing affordable and quality crystals worldwide. our mission is to "promote education and the use of crystals to support healing". we sort, pick and pack all of our crystals with great care. we also offer a special prayer to each crystal and include it with every order. many of our customers express that they can feel the difference in our stones. give us a try and tell us what you think! healing crystals & minerals showroom4462 martinsburg pike, clear brook, va 22624 703-828-4325 mon-fri (9am to 3pm) contact us newsletter signup subscribe info about us contact us wholesale disclaimer faq site map my account log in view cart my wishlist check out report an error affiliate program community facebook pinterest instagram youtube tiktok copyright © 2025 healing crystals inc. back to top