来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101229174001/http://www.bellacor.com/terms.htm
================================================================================

at bellacor, you'll always find high quality lighting and home furnishings home terms & conditions welcome to bellacor. bellacor provides their services to you subject to the following conditions. if you visit or shop at bellacor, you accept these conditions. please read them carefully. in addition, when you visit or purchase from any business affiliated with bellacor, whether or not included in the bellacor website, you also will be subject to these guidelines and conditions. bellacor reserves the right to modify or change the terms and conditions at any time without prior notice to you. therefore, we recommend that you please read them carefully each time you use this website. payment options privacy copyright trademarks license & site access your account submissions to bellacor    & affiliated servers payment options we accept mastercard, visa, american express, optima, and novus (discover). since we ship from multiple distribution centers, the items on your order may arrive at separate times. your order will be charged in full at the time it is placed. top disclaimers warranties limitation of liability links to third party    websites applicable law shipping and delivery contact us contact us: during customer support hours mon–fri, 7 am – 7pm ct phone: 1-877-723-5522 email: customer support privacy please review our privacy policy, which also governs your visit to bellacor, to understand our practices. top copyright all content included on this website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software is the property of bellacor or its content suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. the compilation of all content on this web site is the exclusive property of bellacor and protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. all software used on this site is the property of bellacor or its software suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. top trademarks bellacor.com; mybellacor.com; bellacorpro.com; and other marks indicated on our site are registered trademarks of bellacor.com inc. or its subsidiaries, in the united states and other countries. top license & site access bellacor grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of bellacor. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. this site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of bellacor. you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of bellacor and our affiliates without express written consent. you may not use any meta-tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing bellacor name or trademarks without the express written consent of bellacor. any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by bellacor. you are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of bellacor so long as the link does not portray bellacor, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. you may not use any bellacor logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. top your account if you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and password. top submissions to bellacor & affiliated servers any remarks, suggestions, ideas, messages and data submitted by you to bellacor through this website or other bellacor-affiliated websites (collectively, the "messages"") shall be and remain the exclusive property of bellacor. you represent and warrant to bellacor, and accept responsibility for, the accuracy, appropriateness and legality of the messages. your submission of such messages shall constitute an assignment to bellacor of all worldwide right, title and interest in and to all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the messages. bellacor is entitled to use, copy modify, disclose, distribute and make derivative use of any of the messages for any purpose without restriction or compensation in any way to you. top modification of content bellacor attempts to ensure that the content on this website is complete and current. as indicated in the disclaimers set forth below, bellacor does not guarantee that the information contained on this website will not contain errors, inaccuracies or omissions. such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to price or to product description or availability. bellacor reserves the right to correct any error, inaccuracy or omission or to change or update the content without prior notice to you. further, bellacor reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders containing any error, inaccuracy or omission, whether or not the order has been submitted, confirmed and/or your credit card has been charged. if your credit card has been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, bellacor shall promptly issue a credit to your credit card. if you are otherwise unsatisfied with your purchase, you may return it to bellacor. please see our return/cancellation policy. top disclaimers all content on this website, including, but not limited to, any advice that may be given to you over this website, are provided "as is" and all use of this website is at your own risk. bellacor disclaims, and you hereby waive, any and all warranties and liabilities of bellacor, whether express or implied, arising by operation of law or otherwise, with respect to this website and any content on this website, including, but not limited to, any: (a) implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose; (b) implied warranty of non-infringement; and (c) claim in tort (including negligence). without limiting the foregoing, you acknowledge that bellacor does not represent or warrant that this website will be accessible without interruption or that this website or the server that makes this website available are free from errors, defects, design flaws or omissions or from viruses or other harmful components. bellacor does not warrant the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the content provided in this website, including any advice or other similar information obtained by you from us or through this website. bellacor does not make any representation that the content provided is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the united states. bellacor may display advertising prints for products sold through this website. bellacor attempts to display the colors of the products shown on this website as accurately as possible. however, we cannot guarantee that the color you see matches the product color, as the display of color depends, in part, upon the type of computer monitor used by you. warranties all products sold by bellacor are covered by the manufacture's warranty. if you have purchased a product from bellacor and find it to be defective, please contact customer support at 1-877-723-5522 for assistance in processing your claim. top limitation of liability in no event shall bellacor, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, successors or assigns or other representatives be liable, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence-whether active, passive or imputed), product liability, strict liability or other theory, to you or any other person for any damages (including, without limitation, any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages) arising out of or in connection with any use of, inability to use, or results of use of, this website or any content on this website, even if bellacor or its representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. if you are dissatisfied with this website and the content thereon, or the terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue use of this website. some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for certain types of damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights. top links to third party websites this website may contain links to other sites that are neither owned nor operated by bellacor (although some such sites may have an affiliation with bellacor) (collectively, "third party sites"). such links are provided for your convenience only. bellacor makes no representations whatsoever about any third party sites, which you may access through this website, as bellacor, has no control over the content appearing on such third party sites. moreover, a link to a third party site does not imply and does not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, approval or responsibility for the content on, or the use of, such third party site. no rights to use or copy the information on this website or the third party site is granted or implied. please note: the privacy policies applicable to third party sites may differ significantly from bellacor customer information privacy policy. you are encouraged to review the applicable privacy policies of such third party sites. top applicable law by visiting bellacor, you agree that the laws of the state of minnesota, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms and conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and bellacor or its affiliates. top shipping and delivery address restrictions at this time, we do not ship to p.o. boxes or military apo/fpo addresses. please provide a physical address during checkout. alaska, hawaii and international shipments for more information click here. shipping charges orders over $75 ship free of charge unless we specifically note additional charges apply (excludes ak, hi and intl.). certain products and product categories (such as, sinks, tubs, toilets and bidets) are excluded from our free shipping policy due to the weight and size of the items. truck delivery items truck items are delivered by truck delivery service, as indicated in the "shipping information" section on the product detail page. you are responsible for removing the items off the back of the truck to your home. truck deliveries are made monday through friday, 8 am - 5 pm. a delivery agent will call you to schedule your delivery. a responsible party, over 18 years of age, must be present to take delivery and sign for the shipment. rural delivery is available; however we are only able to deliver to properties with a physical address. for truck deliveries, the carrier will require that you sign for the merchandise. before you sign, it is very important to inspect the delivery carton for visible damage. if the carton has visible damage or there is any reason you are concerned with the packaging or product condition, you will need to write "product damaged" on the face of the delivery receipt. customers who sign for delivery and do not notate "damage" assume responsibility if merchandise is damaged. contact bellacor within 24 hours of delivery to report the damage. see the damaged merchandise section in customer support on the bellacor website for further details. top contact us for additional information about our privacy policy and information maintained about you, please contact us at the following addresses. in any communication, be sure to include your name, mailing address, and customer account number. e-mail: customerservice@bellacor.com call: 1-877-723-5522 mail:	2425 enterprise drive, suite 900          mendota heights, mn 55120 did this help? continue shopping still have questions? contact us top quick links in stock today new products clearance overstock green products shop by style shop by brand designer lines made in usa great gifts bellacor's coupons & promos shop by department ceiling lighting (51,541) home decor (40,697) bath (37,731) kitchen (34,291) furnishings (23,707) wall lighting (21,269) outdoor lighting (13,546) lamps (9,287) bedding (8,311) outdoor (4,807) office (3,026) kids (2,008) lighting accessories (238) style contemporary (55,755) transitional (54,449) traditional (25,343) victorian (6,982) whimsical (4,544) early american (3,992) country (3,861) rustic/lodge (3,476) sports/collegiate (2,480) sports/professional (1,561) more... artist unknown (3,184) various (646) monet, claude (639) picasso, pablo (263) derosier (179) kandinsky, wassily (130) renoir, pierre auguste (123) shields, robert (28) nengah sudarsana (16) van gorder, rita (12) more... finish/color bronze (31,226) nickel - brushed (20,967) black (11,993) brown (10,294) chrome - polished (9,496) white (8,319) multi-colored (5,691) crystal (4,815) red (3,804) pewter (2,735) more... brand besa lighting (19,271) overstockart (4,459) kohler (2,810) quorum international (2,616) new era publishing (1,964) uttermost (1,741) capital lighting fixture company (1,549) notting hill decorative hardware (845) arroyo craftsman (567) george kovacs (549) more... lead time 2 business days (63,134) 5 business days (15,027) 10 business days (31,606) 2 to 4 weeks (71,234) 3 to 5 weeks (6,829) 4 to 6 weeks (6,671) 6 to 8 weeks (2,852) 8 to 12 weeks (2,248) 12 to 16 weeks (280) 16 plus weeks (583) also by ada compliant (3,961) clearance (1,703) dark sky lighting (757) energy conservation (750) energy star (2,551) fluorescent (5,939) great gifts (837) in stock (81,325) led (1,437) made in usa (12,093) new products (16,622) organic (35) overstock (3,012) promotional items (76,522) sustainable (601) temporary price reduction (214) title 24 (811) videos (485) water conservation (76) collection classic (962) tay tay (669) designer (566) bolla (536) kona (454) tutu (413) kani (401) premier (266) lucia (243) ambiance (194) more... designer line thomas o’brien (124) kathy ireland home (75) jessica mcclintock home™ (73) candice olson lighting collection (65) trump home™ (65) williamsburg® (57) chart house (55) candice olson wall decor collection (40) thomasville (28) studio (26) more... email sign up get the latest bellacor updates & promotions sent to your e-mail. helpful links my account order status wish list project portfolio lighting & decor blog professionals site map 0 items in your cart $0.00 customer support | 1-877-723-5522 mon–fri, 7 am – 7pm ct shop by brand minka lavery kichler kenroy home quoizel hinkley lighting george kovacs maxim lighting access lighting triarch lighting minka aire capital lighting ambience et2 metropolitan craftmade murray feiss shop all shop by style lighting mission lighting contemporary lighting transitional lighting tiffany lighting country lighting shop all more ways to shop led lighting led chandeliers led outdoor lighting energy star lighting energy star chandeliers energy star ceiling fans fluorescent lighting fluorescent lamps fluorescent wall sconces dark sky lighting lighting fixtures ceiling lighting chandeliers mini chandeliers pendant lighting flush & semi flush lighting mini pendant lighting ceiling fans recessed lighting track lighting wall lighting wall sconces bathroom lighting swing arm & plug-in under cabinet lighting picture lighting outdoor lighting outdoor wall lighting outdoor post lighting outdoor hanging lighting outdoor ceiling lighting landscape lighting outdoor lamps holiday lighting lighting accessories dimmers & controls chandelier shades specialty light bulbs specialty energy star lighting fluorescent lighting ada compliant dark sky lighting title 24 lamps desk lamps table lamps floor lamps outdoor lamps decor art glass panels bookends candle holders candle lanterns ceiling fans ceiling medallions clocks decorative accessories decorative baskets decorative bowls decorative boxes door hardware faux flowers & plants fireplace accessories fountains home accessories magazine holders mirrors plant stands planters registers & vents seasonal decor statues throws throw pillows vases wall art wall decor wall hangings & tapestries furnishings accent furniture accent tables area rugs bar stools benches cabinets & chests chairs & ottomans fireplaces futons hampers jewelry boxes & jewelry armoires screens & room dividers shelves & bookcases storage & organization kitchen cabinet hardware & knobs cookware cutting boards kitchen accessories kitchen islands & carts pot racks plumbing kitchen faucets kitchen sinks dining & entertaining dinnerware drinkware flatware serveware serving trays wine & bar accessories lighting mini pendant lighting recessed lighting under cabinet lighting bedding baby bedding bed skirts bedding basics blankets & quilts comforter sets duvets kids bedding pillows pillow cases & shams sheet sets throw pillows throws bath bathroom accessories bathroom furniture bathroom faucets bathroom hooks bathroom lighting bathroom sinks bidets cabinet hardware & knobs grab bars & bathroom safety magazine holders medicine cabinets mirrors shelves & cabinets shower heads toilets toilet paper holders toilet seats towel bars & rings ventilation fans outdoor bird baths bird feeders & birdhouses grills & fire pits house numbers & letters mailboxes outdoor furniture covers outdoor lamps outdoor lighting outdoor & patio furniture outdoor living picnic & bbq sundials wind chimes kids baby accessories kids decor kids furniture kids lamps office computer desks computer furniture desks desk lamps file cabinets office & desk accessories office chairs office furniture shelves & bookcases clearance overstock search > in all departments ceiling lighting wall lighting lamps outdoor lighting lighting accessories home decor furnishings kitchen bath childrens outdoor bedding office search within current results call us for help - 1-877-723-5522 sign up for special offers: account manager my account order status order history email preferences shopping shopping cart coupons & promotions site map my wishlist project portfolio email sign up $2,500 giveaway help & support contact us terms & conditions return policy customer service privacy policy about us international orders about bellacor about us lighting & design blog become an affiliate become a vendor professionals articles