来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20101229174001/http://www.bellacor.com/blog
================================================================================

spotlighting home about spotlighting lighting and home decor fireplaces and fireplace accessories december 8, 2010 - by admin a cozy fireplace! as the weather gets colder and snow blankets the lawn, there’s nothing i like better than curling up with a book by a roaring fire. the sound and smell of a wood-burning fireplace is ideal, but if that’s not feasible in your home… there are some great options! bellacor.com sells two nice alternatives to a wood fireplace… electric and gel fuel. the cartwright espresso convertible electric fireplace is a new addition to the electric fireplace lineup. it would be a beautiful addition to any room in the house. it plugs into a standard wall outlet, and has a realistic flickering flame effect. with a fireplace like this, you can do instant remodeling without the mess and expense of a contractor or electrician. another alternative to a wood-burning fireplace is the use of gel fuel.  these fireplaces are often more contemporary and a fun addition to any room. the insight gel fuel fireplace in white by real flame is a fun conversation piece. it can be put anywhere in any space and the flame can be viewed from both sides. it burns real flame pour gel fuel and each fill burns between two and three hours. the zen personal fireplace, also by real flame, is another unique option. it is a tabletop fireplace and comes complete with base and decorative lava rock. it burns the junior cans of real flame gel. if you already have the basic fireplace and are looking for ways to decorate around it, check out the fireplace screens, andirons, and fireplace tool sets on sale at bellacor.com. and have a happy, safe, and warm winter season!! tags: fire places, fireplaces in: home decor tips | no comments » cyber week savings november 23, 2010 - by admin cyber clearance sale! save up to 75% look for the 15% off badge and save an additional 15% on over 100,000 lighting and home furnishings items now through november 29, 2010. just use code cyber15 at checkout. also, let us be the first to tell you that starting black friday (november 26, 2010) through cyber monday (november 29, 2010), bellacor will be offering an increased discount of 20% off select items.  just look for the 20% off badge and use code cyber20 at checkout. to shop all eligible promotional items, click here and look for the badge. in: news | no comments » uttermost $500 giveaway at bellacor november 10, 2010 - by admin between 11/9/10 and 12/13/10 enter to win one of 2, $500 uttermost giveaways at bellacor. two winners will receive a $500 voucher to be spent on any uttermost products at bellacor.com. products include table lamps, mirrors, chandeliers, and decorative accessories. uttermost is a quality manufacturer of home goods including: art, home décor, and lighting fixtures. they offer a variety of styles such as traditional, modern, and transitional. browse uttermost products online at bellacor. visit our sweepstakes page for more details on the uttermost giveaway. tags: giveaway in: giveaways | no comments » 10th anniversary contest winners november 3, 2010 - by admin bellacor would like to send out a special thank you to all of those that helped participate in our 10th anniversary celebration and make it a success. with the help of contributions from our vendor and business partners, we were able to host 13 different contests and sweepstakes. premium partners: minka lavery minka aire ambience george kovacs metropolitan lighting fixture murray feiss quoizel hinkley lighting capital lighting fixture co. maxim lighting international e.l.k.,dimond, landmark golden lighting livex lighting inc. triarch international progress lighting kenroy home judy cook interiors additonal partners: the uttermost company world imports satco, nuvo, verilux a-19 sks blomus jvj maxwell trans globe westinghouse nova top line/homelegance wpt matthews fan cal lighting dmi/homestyles office star, avenue six couristan cooper classics yosemite bulter alno tozai home two’s company norwell lite source bailey street ty fobare northeast lantern ofm winsome wood ren-wil creative creations avanity hickory manor house papila design american pride ore international lustrart allied brass emerson lbl bronto software bobvila hgtv dotomi omniture bloom lighting.com integra become.com united properties commerce hub congratulations to all of our contest winners! room design from judy cook interiors & $2,000 in minka group product – christina from upper montclair, nj $1,800 in hinkley lighting – christine from wilmington, nc $1,750 in quoizel lighting – brian from dalworthington gardens, tx $1,500 best buy gift card from capital lighting – michael from holly, mi $1,000 best buy gift card from progress lighting – elizabeth from anderson, sc $1,000 in murray feiss product – judy from erie, pa $1,000 in kenroy home product – patricia from canton, ga $1,000 in livex lighting – ben from kingston, ny $1,000 in maxim lighting – tommy from taylors, sc $1,000 in golden lighting – koren from hainesport, nj $1,000 in triarch lighting – cecilia from pulaski, tn $750 in golden lighting – angela from delta, oh $750 in triarch lighting – michelle from santa maria, ca $750 in murray feiss product – reginald from hilo, hi $500 in kenroy home product – susan from rio rancho, nm $500 in livex lighting – nancy from hendersonville, nc $300 in maxim lighting – susan from san jose, ca medallion hunt (arc lamp from dimond) – lori from valparaiso, in medallion hunt (arc lamp from dimond) – cynthia from north canton, oh thanks again for making bellacor’s 10th anniversary a success and check back with bellacor often for more contests, more sweepstakes, and more great offers! stay connected with bellacor and all of our latest events on facebook and twitter. in: giveaways, news | 1 comment » all you need to know about pendant lighting october 28, 2010 - by admin interested in knowing all there is to know about pendant lighting? while it’s not a huge topic, pendants do offer a unique source of lighting. pendants these days have a very custom design. with so many styles and great benefits, pendants should never be overlooked when picking out lighting for a room. this article will briefly discuss the topic of pendants and hopefully shead some light on their importance. as it is with any light fixture, pendants come in a variety of styles. while most people think of mini pendants as contemporary fixtures, they also come in traditional and transitional styles. adjustable stems or cords help out pendants’ functionality and are a key benefit of pendant lights. pendants have many benefits due to their shape and size. long glass shades in many colors hide cfls, which use less energy and generate less heat, without sacrificing a beautiful light fixture. mini pendants can be used for task lighting in the kitchen or regular pendant lights can be used in place of a chandelier over the kitchen table. tags: pendant lighting, pendant lights in: home lighting | no comments » dimond lighting medallion hunt wrap up october 26, 2010 - by admin a special thanks to dimond lighting for hosting the medallion hunt contest on our site during our 10th anniversary celebration throughout the month of september! the medallion hunt contest generated buzz on several of our media channels promoting both the bellacor 10th anniversary and dimond lighting (once the item was found of course).  this is how it worked…  bellacor posted clues on facebook (www.facebook.com/bellacorlighting) as to the medallion’s whereabouts on our site.  as the clues got more specific, searchers were able to find the medallion, and more importantly, the item it was attached to.  in this case the item was the dimond penbrook silver plated with white marble arc lamp. after receiving entries from over 218 lucky medallion searchers, bellacor chose two people to win the dimond arc lamp.  congratulations to lori from valparaiso, in and cynthia from north canton, oh!  enjoy your arc lamps, compliments of dimond lighting! dimond lighting, a member of the e.l.k lighting family, has released over 200 lighting collections with various styles emerging from fashion and industry leading trends.  dimond’s international designers have created products with exquisite details and unparalleled design for distinctive homes.  their products can be found at fine furniture and lighting retailers around the world, including bellacor.  dimond’s balance between quality, character and value create pieces that truly are “jewelry for the home.” bellacor carries a selection of about 125 dimond table and floor lamps—these from over 80 fabulous collections.  no matter what the style in your home, be it contemporary, traditional, retro, etc. bellacor has a dimond lamp to fit your needs. thanks again to dimond lighting for their support during our 10th anniversary.  shop the dimond collection and the elk lighting collection for all of their latest trends.  check back for bellacor’s next giveaway which, no doubt, will be around the corner shortly! tags: dimund lighting, giveaways, lighting in: giveaways, news | no comments » blogs we like – the pioneer woman october 25, 2010 - by admin you may recognize this picture and the 4 colored prints as bellacor was mentioned on “the pioneer woman” as a place where you could purchase these pictures. ree drummond was having a contest and these were the prize.  she is one of the best bloggers i’ve read.  she has it all, a “lodge home” to decorate, beautiful family and pets.  oh, and cows.  she’s also written the most unbelievably sweet love story.  best of all, is her writing, and isn’t that what a blog is all about?  grace feyock is the artist for these uttermost reproductions — bellacor number 247937. i have these in my home and hung them as ree did – in a straight line. the style ree used in her home is very rustic. in her kitchen, she has a fabulous apron-front sink. here is one from bellacor, item 139070. i could so picture this chair 561148 in that gorgeous great room. don’t you agree? add this table 41787, add and pick a lamp to put on it from, respectively, 536508, 505293 or 492380. i really like this room as well and here are a couple chandelier choices. needs a floor lamp as well.  and, of course, this coat rack. finally, a bedroom with a fabulous bed and a rack for hats, sweaters – anything red. thank you ree for your style and humor. in: blogs we like | no comments » sei contest – guestroom makeover october 23, 2010 - by admin the in-laws are coming!  the in-laws are coming! are you expecting visitors this holiday season?  is your guest room in tip-top shape?  if your room is anything like mine, it doesn’t see a lot of guests and could probably use a little extra attention.  how about a room makeover with new furniture from southern enterprises? enter to win over $845 in southern enterprises furniture (the four items shows below) now through november 8, 2010. with the help of these new items and a few touches of your own, your guest room (or any room you desire) will be on its way to a brand new look! in: giveaways, home furnishings | 1 comment » vickerman and holiday decor october 21, 2010 - by admin i know that it isn’t even halloween yet, and the holidays are not something that you want to start thinking about.  there are, after all, still 65 days left to shop.  but if think about it, there is a lot less time to shop for your holiday décor if you want your home to be decorated in time for all of the celebrating!  only 36 more days until thanksgiving is over and the christmas motif comes out—at which time you better be ready to decorate! bellacor has over 1,100 holiday items in their seasonal decor category. come browse our selection for décor to fit your needs and get ready to save with weekly promotions offered throughout the month. in addition, enter to win up to $500 in vickerman holiday product in our first-of-the-season holiday contest sponsored by vickerman.  vickerman specializes in a wide variety of artificial trees, wreaths and garland for your home.  visit bellacor before november 8, 2010 to sign up for your chance to win!  good luck!! in: giveaways, led lighting | no comments » choosing the right wall sconce september 17, 2010 - by admin wall sconces serve more than one purpose in that they can accentuate something on the wall (for example a picture or a shelf) in the form of accent lighting, or they can create mood-lighting with a soft glow. in addition, they can provide functional task lighting around a mirror. depending on the situation, wall sconces are a very useful part of the overall lighting scheme. if you are looking for a wall sconce for your bedroom, to assist in late night reading, this qualifies as task lighting. i would suggest choosing a sconce that shines down to help better illuminate the space.  an example of this type of sconce is featured below. choosing a sconce to highlight a picture on the wall of your living room, or to illuminate your hallway can be styled very differently from the sconce you chose for your bedroom.  the sconce that will be used as accent lighting should be tailored to the item it is illuminating.  for example, if you are showcasing a picture on the wall, i would suggest a light that can be angled and directed specifically at the piece you are featuring.  something like the sconce featured below. when illuminating your hallway, a more traditionally-styled wall sconce could be used.  a sconce that does not direct the light into one particular direction, but illuminates an overall space instead. finally, the same type of sconce that can illuminate your hallway, can also help to illuminate your workspace in the bathroom—particularly on each side of the mirror.  these types of sconces can be viewed as both accent and task lighting.  notice how the bath lighting below could be paired together around a mirror to create a well-lit, workable space.whether you are looking for a sconce to accent an area of your home, or to help you illuminate a space to make it more functional, wall sconces are very important elements in the entire lighting design.  armed with the right information, you are sure to choose the right sconce for your needs. tags: wall sconce in: wall sconces | 2 comments » « older entries search: archives december 2010 november 2010 october 2010 september 2010 august 2010 july 2010 february 2010 january 2010 categories bathroom lighting (1) blogs we like (3) chandeliers (1) eco lighting (1) energy star lighting (1) floor lamps (1) giveaways (8) home decor tips (5) home furnishings (2) home lighting (6) inspirational items (1) lamps (3) led lighting (2) lighting tips (1) news (8) outdoor lighting (1) styles (1) table lamps (2) uncategorized (1) wall sconces (2) meta log in xhtml valide xfn wordpress © 2010 spotlighting . all rights reserved. articles (rss) et commentaires (rss)