来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121227003347/http://www.bellacor.com/custsupport.htm
================================================================================

bellacor customer support customer support: 1-877-723-5522 mon–fri, 7 am - 8 pm ct sat, 8 am - 4 pm; sun, 9 am - 5 pm shopping cart ( 0 ) shopping cart ( 0 ) view/ edit cart 0 items subtotal $0.00 free shipping over $75 my bellacor.com my bellacor.com my account my orders wishlist project portfolio help help contact us returns and exchanges international orders professionals site map lighting fixtures ceiling lighting wall lighting outdoor lighting lighting accessories specialty lighting chandeliers mini chandeliers ceiling fans flush & semi flush lighting mini pendant lighting pendant lighting recessed lighting track lighting wall sconces bathroom lighting swing arm & plug in lamps under cabinet lighting picture lighting outdoor wall lighting outdoor post lighting outdoor hanging lighting outdoor ceiling lighting holiday lighting landscape lighting outdoor lamps chandelier shades dimmers & controls specialty light bulbs energy star lighting fluorescent lighting ada compliant dark sky lighting title 24 led other ways to shop lighting clearance - 993 lighting products are currently on clearance. overstock - 3068 lighting products are currently in overstock. furniture bedroom furniture bedroom sets closet organizers daybeds futons headboards nightstands platform beds standard beds more outdoor & patio furniture hammocks patio chairs patio dining sets patio furniture sets patio sofas & loveseats patio tables more living room furniture accent tables chairs & recliners furniture sets futons ottomans sofas & sectionals more kitchen & dining furniture bar stools dining chairs dining sets dining tables kitchen islands & carts wine storage more bathroom furniture bathroom racks & shelving bathroom vanities hampers more entryway furniture accent & storage benches coat racks & umbrella stands hall trees more home office furniture computer desks computer furniture desks office chairs office furniture shelves & bookcases more game room & bar furniture bar stools game tables wine storage more accent furniture accent & storage benches accent cabinets & chests accent chairs accent tables shelves & bookcases more home entertainment furniture cd & dvd media storage entertainment centers home entertainment miscellaneous tv stands & cabinets more other ways to shop furniture clearance - 100 furniture products are currently on clearance. overstock - 50 furniture products are currently in overstock. lamps desk lamps floor lamps table lamps other ways to shop lamps clearance - 79 lamps products are currently on clearance. overstock - 117 lamps products are currently in overstock. decor area rugs art glass panels ceiling fans clocks decorative accessories fireplace accessories home accessories mirrors throw pillows wall art window treatments other ways to shop decor clearance - 351 decor products are currently on clearance. overstock - 2543 decor products are currently in overstock. kitchen cabinet hardware & knobs kitchen accessories kitchen faucets kitchen sinks mini pendant lighting pot racks recessed lighting under cabinet lighting related products kitchen & dining furniture other ways to shop kitchen clearance - 366 kitchen products are currently on clearance. overstock - 443 kitchen products are currently in overstock. bedding comforter sets duvets kids bedding throw pillows other ways to shop bedding clearance - 141 bedding products are currently on clearance. overstock - 111 bedding products are currently in overstock. bath bath accessories bathroom faucets bathroom lighting bathroom sinks cabinet hardware & knobs mirrors towel bars & rings related products bathroom furniture other ways to shop bath clearance - 367 bath products are currently on clearance. overstock - 495 bath products are currently in overstock. outdoor holiday lighting house numbers & letters landscape lighting outdoor ceiling lighting outdoor hanging lighting outdoor post lighting outdoor wall lighting picnic & bbq related products outdoor & patio furniture other ways to shop outdoor clearance - 188 outdoor products are currently on clearance. overstock - 441 outdoor products are currently in overstock. kids baby accessories kids decor kids furniture kids lamps other ways to shop kids clearance - 5 kids products are currently on clearance. overstock - 1 kids products are currently in overstock. overstock clearance shop by brands style in stock coupons & promotions temp. price reduction all promotional items new products green products designer lines made in usa shop by department department home decor 66,076 ceiling lighting 53,583 bath 42,165 kitchen 30,964 wall lighting 21,631 outdoor lighting 13,286 lamps 11,308 bedding 9,717 accent furniture 8,379 outdoor & patio furniture 7,147 living room furniture 5,667 home office furniture 4,941 bedroom furniture 4,187 outdoor 3,291 kitchen & dining furniture 3,107 game room & bar furniture 2,919 kids 2,100 bathroom furniture 1,364 home entertainment furniture 1,206 entryway furniture 758 lighting accessories 336 style style transitional 94,246 contemporary 55,803 traditional 26,157 victorian 5,587 rustic/lodge 3,626 old world 3,432 country 3,374 mission 2,668 novelty/themed 1,445 tiffany 1,253 more... artist artist unknown 2,506 coulter, kim 113 bailey 76 harris, maeve 55 hofmann, marirosa 34 tatara 16 georgie 11 loreth, lanie 7 cappiello, leonetto 6 carson 3 more... finish/color finish/color bronze 24,714 nickel - brushed 17,562 black 14,371 multi-colored 14,121 rattan/wood 11,488 chrome - polished 10,688 white 9,789 brass - antique/satin 5,915 bronze - oil rubbed 5,374 blue 4,172 more... brand brand besa lighting 11,377 elements of design 4,777 surya rugs 4,677 kichler 4,052 toltec lighting 3,174 wac lighting 2,321 urban trends collection 1,364 lbl lighting 1,245 thomas lighting 1,226 good directions 488 more... lead time lead time 1 to 2 business days 61,446 5 business days 62,293 10 business days 19,737 2 to 4 weeks 69,057 3 to 5 weeks 7,654 4 to 6 weeks 8,097 6 to 8 weeks 4,580 8 to 12 weeks 1,346 12 to 16 weeks 443 16 plus weeks 496 also by also by ada compliant 3,516 clearance 1,847 dark sky lighting 592 energy conservation 663 energy star 2,986 fluorescent 5,884 in stock 127,204 led 1,942 made in usa 22,692 new products 20,652 organic 13 overstock 8,911 promotional items 87,901 sustainable 564 temporary price reduction 298 title 24 749 videos 2,521 water conservation 19 collection collection classic 1,093 lyndhurst 874 chelsea 834 soho 621 bow 574 designer 558 modular 416 new orleans 410 celina 264 stilo 10 216 designer line designer line jessica mcclintock home™ 68 chart house 49 studio 23 thomasville 16 michael graves 12 antiques roadshow 6 bob mackie 5 bob timberlake 4 lenox 1 ernest hemingway 1 more... email sign up get the latest bellacor updates & promotions sent to your e-mail. testimonials i always go to bellacor first when i am shopping for lighting. great selection. monica, jacksonville florida both lamps arrived damaged but customer service replaced them immediately. shannon, columbus ohio customer support payment options we accept mastercard, visa, american express, paypal, optima, and novus (discover). since we ship from multiple distribution centers, the items on your order may arrive at separate times. your order will be charged in full at the time it is placed. top payments options sales tax shipping & delivery returns cancellations damaged merchandise why shop at bellacor? contact us: during customer support hours mon–fri, 7 am - 8 pm ct sat, 8 am - 4 pm; sun, 9 am - 5 pm phone: 1-877-723-5522 email: customer support tax & sales tax bellacor charges sales tax for product shipped into minnesota and california unless a valid exemption certificate is provided. we do not collect sales or use taxes in all states. for states imposing sales or use taxes, your purchase is subject to use tax unless it is specifically exempt from taxation. your purchase is not exempt merely because it is made over the internet. many states require purchasers to file a sales/use tax return at the end of the year reporting all of the taxable purchases that were not taxed and to pay tax on those purchases. details of how to file these returns may be found at the websites of your respective taxing authorities. the states where this may be imposed are colorado, nevada, oklahoma, south dakota and vermont. top shipping & delivery to make buying from us simple, shipping and handling within the contiguous u.s. (ups ground or l.t.l. carrier) is free of charge on orders over $75. some plumbing items, some contract special orders, international shipments and shipments to alaska and hawaii are excluded from this free shipping policy. plumbing items that require additional shipping will show the fees on the product page. to obtain a quote on shipments to alaska, hawaii or international locations, please click here. if you need faster delivery, you can arrange for overnight or second day delivery. international orders please allow additional days for delivery. many products are ready to ship within two days of your order, while others are manufactured when you place the order. once your order is placed, shipping date(s) will be e-mailed to you. we cannot deliver to p.o. box locations. most products ship ups or fedex. items shipped by truck are delivered to curbside or driveway only; for any additional delivery needs, please contact us during our customer support hours. please note that you may elect to pay additional charges for items taken off the truck and/or to your door. additional services must be arranged during the order process. if you request that the carrier provide additional services beyond those specified during your order process, it is your responsibility to directly pay the truck delivery carrier for those additional services at the time of delivery. bellacor will not be responsible for assisting you in obtaining reimbursement for damage caused by work that was not arranged through bellacor. shipments to freight forwarders may require special handling and incur additional processing fees. please contact us for details prior to ordering . for truck deliveries, the carrier will require that you sign for the merchandise. before you sign, it is very important to inspect the delivery carton for visible damage. if the carton has visible damage or there is any reason you are concerned with the packaging or product condition, you will need to write "product damaged" on the face of the delivery receipt. customers who sign for delivery and do not notate "damage" assume responsibility if merchandise is damaged. contact bellacor within 24 hours of delivery to report the damage. see the damaged merchandise section in customer support on the bellacor website for further details. top returns bellacor offers a no-hassle return policy. if, for any reason, you are not satisfied with your purchase, return it and bellacor will promptly refund your money to the original credit card (excluding your cost of returning the package to bellacor). simply follow the instructions below: returns cannot be accepted beyond 30 days from the original shipping date. clearance items are sold as is and are not subject to return, except for damaged or defective merchandise. all return items must arrive back to bellacor in resalable condition. products must be new, unused, unaltered and uninstalled (with no cut or clipped wires, or contact with water.) the items must arrive with the original packaging and accessories. products not in original condition will not be accepted for return. items sold in multiple quantities must be returned in the minimum multiple quantity they were sold in. contact bellacor (customer support or toll free at 1-877-723-5522) during customer support hours for a return authorization number prior to returning the product. products will not be accepted without a return authorization number. indicate your return authorization number on the packing slip and include your packing slip with your return. write your return authorization number on a blank piece of paper and securely tape it to the outside of the package to be returned. returns must be shipped prepaid and insured directly to bellacor. if the return is due to a bellacor error, we will pay for the cost of shipping. please contact bellacor customer support during customer support hours for return authorization and instructions. shipping charges are not refundable unless item is defective or damaged. ship returns to: bellacor returns 2425 enterprise drive, suite 900 mendota heights, mn 55120 bellacor does not charge restocking fees for items that fit within our return policy guidelines. to ensure you do not get charged a restocking fee make sure your item is in new condition and in the original box, that you are still within the 30 day return window and that you have a return authorization number provided by bellacor. regardless of where your package was shipped, returns must be delivered to the address above. returns made to any other address may not be refunded or could result in additional fees. handle all returns delicately! please allow two weeks for your return to be processed. *due to the nature of some types of orders, the standard return policy will not apply. please review. "large orders" orders for 10 or more of the same item or with a dollar value greater than $2,500 are subject to a 25% restocking charge. for large orders we recommend that you order a sample to ensure the item meets your requirements. quoted product items sold that have been quoted, but do not appear on bellacor's website may be non-returnable or subject to a 25 % restock fee. you will be advised at the time of order if the item is non-returnable or if it is subject to a restocking fee. custom orders product that has been customized or built to order are non-returnable and non-cancellable once the order has been placed. top cancellations we go out of our way to ship as quickly as possible and will make every attempt to cancel your order. however, many of our products ship direct from the manufacturer to you. in the event that you would like to cancel your order, we will need to confirm with the individual manufacturer that your order has not been shipped. once we have confirmation that your order has been cancelled, we will credit your original credit card. requests to cancel your order can be accepted by calling customer support at 1-877-723-5522 or by emailing customer support. if we were not able to cancel your order and it has already been shipped, please do not refuse the shipment as this could result in cancellation fees being assessed. please contact customer support for return instructions. top damaged merchandise if you receive damaged merchandise, we will strive to make the replacement process quick and easy. your participation is needed to ensure that we can assist you. be sure to contact bellacor within 24 hours of delivery to report the damage. be prepared to provide a photo of the damaged product if requested by our customer service team. please keep all packing materials. bellacor will pay the return shipping fee for products that are received damaged. ***customer responsiblities*** for parcel packages, if you are home to sign for the package, please follow the directions associated with signed packages below as similar rules apply to large and small packages. for truck deliveries, the carrier will require that you sign for the merchandise. before you sign, it is very important to inspect the delivery carton for visible damage. if the carton has visible damage or there is any reason you are concerned with the packaging or product condition, you will need to write "product damaged" on the face of the delivery receipt. customers who sign for delivery and do not notate "damage" assume responsibility if merchandise is damaged . if the product itself appears significantly damaged, you may refuse delivery. please notify bellacor of refusal so we can anticipate the return and send out a new item. top why shop at bellacor? for more than ten years, bellacor has been the leading online retailer of lighting and home décor products. as recognized by consumers and manufacturer partners, we set the standard for selling lighting products online. to provide the best possible customer service in the industry, we have established these industry-leading sales programs: free shipping bellacor will ship all orders over $75 free of charge. we also offer expedited shipping options on many of our products. call our customer service representatives for more details. bellacor free shipping is limited to the 48 contiguous united states. sinks, tubs, toilets, bidets and plumbing accessories are excluded from our free shipping promotion. price match guarantee bellacor works hard to provide the best prices possible for our customers. if you find a lower price, either before or after you place your order, we will match this amount if the price requested meets the following criteria: 1.	bellacor will match any price from any competing website for a period of up to seven days from the original date of your order. 2.	price matching will only be honored for online distributors excludes plumbing items (toilets, bidets, faucets, sinks and parts). bellacor will not offer price matching to local retail stores and showrooms. 3.	bellacor will review all competitor's fees and charges involved with placing the order. this would include shipping costs, restocking fee and return restrictions. 4.	due to minimum advertised pricing policies that are set by our manufacturers, we may not be able to sell products below certain pricing levels. in order to receive a price match from bellacor, please send us the url (website address) link for the competitor's page to pricematch@bellacor.com. please allow one complete business day for our review and response. deal of the day prices are only available on the day of the sale (central time) while quantities are available to purchase. we cannot price match once the promotion has ended. no return restocking fees bellacor offers returns and exchanges without a restocking fee. if, for any reason, you are not satisfied with your purchase, return it and bellacor will promptly refund your money (excluding your cost of returning the package to bellacor). see complete details on our customer support page. 500,000 quality products from trusted brands bellacor has relationships with hundreds of vendors to ensure we can provide a selection of 500,000 products for our customers. most retail showrooms can only present about 1,500 products on their display floor. think of our online selection as a continually evolving catalog, as we update our product inventory and availability daily. even if you cannot find a specific item you want in our online catalog, simply call a bellacor product specialist, and they can contact the manufacturer directly to purchase the item. we are constantly updating and expanding our online selection, so check back often for new products and great deals on closeout inventory. fast shipping on most products bellacor has agreements with most of our major suppliers to ship your order directly from the manufacturer's warehouse. most of our products are sent this way, to avoid adding time and the potential for damage to your product with additional shipping and handling in our warehouse. click on the in stock today link from our left-hand navigation menu at any time to browse through the products that can ship to you in 2-5 business days. privacy policy bellacor will never sell or share your information with anyone outside of bellacor. we take the protection of your data and personal information seriously. please read our privacy policy to find out more. industry-leading customer feedback we encourage our customers to fill out a customer satisfaction survey after every order on bellacor.com. we use bizrate, the leading e-commerce customer rating company, to perform this third-party review of satisfaction ratings. bellacor has over 10,000 reviews from our customers - by far the largest amount of any online lighting website. recently, we set the standard with some of the highest customer feedback scores in our industry. we will continue to focus on making bellacor the leader in customer service. buy online or call us at 1-877-723-5522 at bellacor, we offer you the choice to purchase online or order toll-free by phone. some customers require additional service to complete complex orders, so our customer service representatives are available each business day to help you with your order. many of our customer service representatives have been in the lighting business for over 15 years, and can use their knowledge to help you find the perfect product. top last items viewed britannia side chairs - set of two $560.95 sign up for special email offers: find us on follow us on account manager my account order status order history email preferences shopping shopping cart coupons & promotions site map my wishlist email sign up $2,500 giveaway help & support contact us terms & conditions return policy customer service privacy policy international orders about bellacor about us lighting & design blog become an affiliate become a vendor professionals articles customer support: 1-877-723-5522 mon–fri, 7 am - 8 pm ct sat, 8 am - 4 pm; sun, 9 am - 5 pm © 2013 bellacor and bellacorpro are registered trademarks of bellacor.com, inc. all rights reserved.