来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20181123173742/https://www.bellacor.com/about.htm
================================================================================

about bellacor | an online lighting & home decor retailer free shipping on all orders price matching* sign up for exclusive offers design professionalsbellacor professional our inspiration blogbright ideas 1-877-723-5522 | chat customer care  ▼ shopping # bcnbgee contact us order info & policies returns provide feedback hello! sign in my account  ▼ my account track my order wish list project portfolio cart what are you shopping for>? search lighting furniture decor sale order by phone1-877-723-5522 shopping # bcnbgee lighting lighting ceiling lighting ceiling lighting ceiling fans chandeliers flush & semi flush lighting mini chandeliers mini pendant lighting pendant lighting recessed lighting track lighting all ceiling lighting > wall lighting wall lighting bath lighting picture lighting swing arm & plug in lamps under cabinet lighting wall sconces all wall lighting > outdoor lighting outdoor lighting landscape lighting outdoor ceiling lighting outdoor hanging lighting outdoor lamps outdoor post lighting outdoor wall lighting all outdoor lighting > lamps lamps desk lamps floor lamps table lamps all lamps > more more black chandeliers ceiling medallions chandelier shades commercial lighting crystal chandeliers designer lighting drum pendant lighting led lighting light bulbs lighting accessories all lighting > furniture furniture living room furniture living room furniture chairs & recliners ottomans sofas & sectionals all living room > accent furniture accent furniture accent & storage benches accent cabinets & chests accent tables plant stands all accent > kitchen & dining furniture kitchen & dining furniture bar stools dining chairs dining sets dining tables kitchen islands & carts all kitchen & dining > bedroom furniture bedroom furniture bedroom sets beds dressers & armoires nightstands all bedroom > more more bathroom entertainment game room & bar office outdoor & patio all furniture > decor & more decor & more home decor home decor candle holders clocks decorative accessories faux flowers & plants rugs throw pillows vases all home decor > bath bath bath accessories bathroom faucets bathroom sinks medicine cabinets all bath > mirrors mirrors bathroom mirrors floor mirrors wall mirrors all mirrors > wall wall wall accents wall art wall hangings & tapestries wall sculpture wallpaper more more bath lighting bedding cabinet hardware & knobs fans kitchen seasonal decor window treatments all home > outdoor outdoor bird feeders & birdhouses fire pits gardening house numbers & letters mailboxes outdoor living more outdoor & patio furniture outdoor lighting sale & clearance sale & clearance all sale items coupons & promotions clearance open box cart hello! my account 1-877-723-5522 | chat customer care shopping # bcnbgee our inspiration blog bright ideas design professionals bellacor professional sign up* + *opt-out at any time. see our commitment to privacy for details.excludes open box, clearance, doorbusters, hot buys, price cuts and price restricted items. offer valid for first-time email subscribers only and expires in 30 days. lighting furniture decor & more outdoor sale & clearance sale ceiling lighting ceiling fans chandeliers flush & semi flush lighting mini chandeliers mini pendant lighting pendant lighting recessed lighting track lighting all ceiling lighting  ▶ wall lighting bath lighting picture lighting swing arm & plug in lamps under cabinet lighting wall sconces all wall lighting  ▶ outdoor lighting landscape lighting outdoor ceiling lighting outdoor hanging lighting outdoor lamps outdoor post lighting outdoor wall lighting all outdoor lighting  ▶ lamps desk lamps floor lamps table lamps all lamps  ▶ more black chandeliers ceiling medallions chandelier shades commercial lighting crystal chandeliers designer lighting drum pendant lighting led lighting light bulbs lighting accessories living room chairs & recliners ottomans sofas & sectionals all living room  ▶ accent accent & storage benches accent cabinets & chests accent tables plant stands all accent  ▶ kitchen & dining bar stools dining chairs dining sets dining tables kitchen islands & carts all kitchen & dining  ▶ bedroom bedroom sets beds dressers & armoires nightstands all bedroom  ▶ more bathroom entertainment game room & bar office outdoor & patio home decor candle holders clocks decorative accessories faux flowers & plants rugs throw pillows vases all home decor  ▶ bath bath accessories bathroom faucets bathroom sinks medicine cabinets all bath  ▶ mirrors bathroom mirrors floor mirrors wall mirrors all mirrors  ▶ wall wall accents wall art wall hangings & tapestries wall sculpture wallpaper more bath lighting bedding cabinet hardware & knobs fans kitchen seasonal decor window treatments bird feeders & birdhouses fire pits gardening house numbers & letters mailboxes outdoor living see all  ▶ more outdoor & patio furniture outdoor lighting shop styles by room living room ideas dining room ideas office ideas bedroom ideas all sale items coupons & promotions clearance open box - home is a life in progress - we believe inspiration is fair gameanytime, anyplace, anywhere we believe perfect is boring we believe in guiltless pleasures - about bellacor - at bellacor, we believe home is a life in progress. since 2000, we've made it our goal to partner with you through every step of that journey. we understand that what you choose to bring into your home is a major decision, and we relish the responsibility that comes with it. you put your style and life together in all kinds of ways - and no one offers you better choices than bellacor. we give you the elements and the design inspiration to create a home and life you love. chic, fun, classic, cozy - we go where you want. even though we're a fast-growing internet retailer, we maintain our humble midwestern roots and values. we still take your phone calls, still answer all your questions and still offer you the same level of personal service that we have from the beginning, back when we were the little lighting store around the corner. but with more than 500,000 hand-selected products, from the finest designers and craftspeople in the industry, bellacor stands tall in the world of lighting and home furnishings. and we're happy to stand with you as you tell your life story. core values: you first - we deliver a superior shopping experience through our knowledge and expertise, provided in a caring, honest and inspirational way. collaborate always - on our own we're good, but together we're great. we're collaborative, positive and fun. we treat everyone with respect and the highest integrity. constantly improve - we're innovative and willing to take calculated risks. we learn quickly from our mistakes and adapt nimbly. deliver great results - we strive for excellence and hold ourselves accountable. " i loved how easy it was to narrow down my search for the product i wanted. this was the best website i've ever used for shopping. others should follow your organized approach. thanks for being customer friendly." -tim (boston, ma) " i was very impressed with your website, it is clear and precise, and had many items to choose from. the prices are great." -lisa (houston, tx) " i was extremely satisfied with the quickness of delivery and all the follow up information on the purchase. definitely a first class operation." -chris (san jose, ca) " i purchased a new outdoor lighting set from bellacor. i was very impressed with the quality of the lights. my past experience with lighting fixtures has lead me to believe that they are all cheaply made and flimsy. not the bellacor lights... they are really well-made. i am sure they will last many years in our harsh minnesota environment. oh yeah, they look great too!" -doug (deephaven, mn) - our office - - working here - bellacor makes people feel at home. it's what we've done for 15 years. it's what we do today. it's what we will do for you. we're a fast-growing e-tailer poised for even bigger things in the ultra-competitive world of lighting and home furnishings. yes, we offer over 500,000 products from more than 500 trusted brands. we compete with the big boys. but no, we don't operate like a major corporation. at bellacor, you'll have fun, do a little bit of everything, and you'll learn a whole lot. if you're the right person, you'll teach us even more and have the opportunity to advance. we're looking for talented people who thrive in an environment of ideas. if you think this sounds like the spot for you, welcome to bellacor. welcome home. strong company culture competitive pay medical and dental plans generous paid time off 401(k) with company matching commuter discounts free gym on site fido fridays - yep, dogs are a part of our family freebie fridays - join us to learn more monthly team events - great food and times north loop offices - in the heart of minneapolis - open positions - seo content marketing manager details + posting date: 9/5/2018 job title: seo content marketing manager department: marketing location: minneapolis, mn contact: careers@bellacor.com. ideal candidate: the seo content marketing manager is responsible for strategy, ideation and execution of content for our b2c and b2b businesses within a growing digital marketing team. our ideal candidate will have a proven track record with 3-5 years of work experience in content marketing, with a track record of driving qualified traffic via organic search (seo). s/he is a results oriented, self-starter who naturally takes initiative and has excellent interpersonal skills. what you'll do: build, manage and execute on content and back-linking strategies that ultimately inspire, clarify and add confidence to customers' shopping journey in the "home" vertical plan and deliver outreach and influencer campaigns for content/brand promotion across the web and social media that drives traffic, increases domain authority and brand loyalty manage work flow across external content and creative partners and/or agencies, and influencers build and nurture relationships with bloggers, journalists and editors to support campaign objectives and earn positive media coverage create and deploy "local search" and "local pr" campaigns execute off-page link building tactics to acquire valuable links, e.g., expert commentary, giveaways, reviews, contests, guest posts, influencer marketing, etc. identify new opportunities to grow the organic traffic track outreach campaigns and create an active database of contacts assist with the creation and deployment of various technical seo "standard operating procedures" constantly analyze changing opportunities, monitor search and content trends and conduct competitive analysis to inform future digital marketing strategies provide reporting and data analysis of campaign performance for various audiences (marketing team and beyond), and iterate/test/improve upon on findings collaborate with leadership to create and manage the seo budget act as "content" and seo evangelist by effectively communicating opportunities and risks across all parts of the organization contribute ideas in creative brainstorming sessions with the marketing and broader bellacor team what you'll need: bachelor's degree, ideally with a concentration in marketing, communications, public relations or journalism 3-5 years of experience in content oriented search engine optimization (seo), such as, content creation and amplification, securing coverage/backlinks from well-known media outlets, "local" search tactics and social media. experience in paid media and content placement a plus 3 years of experience with seo tools, such as moz, ahrefs, majestic, screaming frog, botify, semrush, keyword planner or similar keyword research tools experience with adobe sitecatalyst and/or google analytics, google search console and analyzing and interpreting analytics reporting in general proficiency in microsoft word, excel and powerpoint creativity and capability of conceptualizing and executing unique ideas under deadlines strong writing, editing, and communication skills results driven with strong business acumen and excellent teamwork mentality ability to work cross-functionally and provide data-driven recommendations must have a positive "can do, whatever it takes to get the job done" attitude passion for the home is a plus to apply: please send cover letter, resume and salary requirements to careers@bellacor.com vice president of marketing & ecommerce details + posting date: 9/4/2018 job title: vice president of marketing & ecommerce department: marketing location: minneapolis, mn contact: careers@bellacor.com job purpose: to provide effective direction, team leadership, and day-to-day ownership to bellacor's marketing & ecommerce functions. this role serves as p&l owner of bellacor's consumer channel (b-to-c), and marketing champion for our emerging pro channel (b-to-b). duties and responsibilities the primary duties & responsibilities of this position are as follows: team leadership - provides consistent and effective leadership and mentorship to advance the skills, coordination and overall effectiveness of the marketing & ecommerce team of nine skilled professionals, including two direct reports: director of customer acquisition - responsible for generating traffic growth via paid, seo and direct channels. also responsible for marketplace channel management (amazon, walmart, e-bay). director of customer retention - responsible for customer retention / rebuy strategies and site management to drive conversion rate growth through the development of site ux / functionality ideation, road-mapping and execution, customer segmentation & targeting, promo event planning, email marketing and site analytics. operating best-practice development & execution - brings deep-seeded insights and experience on up-to-date industry best practices for both b-to-c and b-to-b marketing & ecommerce functions. drives effective ideation, prioritization and execution of these concepts. key areas include: digital marketing - google shopping/pla's, google adwords, seo technical and operating practices, retargeting, display, email, social media development, etc. site development - site analytics, a/b testing, data platforms, personalization, machine learning / marketing automation, customer journey mapping, buying guides and customer shopping tools (e.g. augmented reality), usability lab testing. marketplace management - marketplace store selection, posting & pricing operations, buy-box optimization, rating management. b2b leads marketing - marketing funnel management, lead-acquisition marketing, business segmentation tools, crm optimization. marketing analytics & technology - new customer, rfm and lifetime value reporting; site, digital marketing and marketing funnel analytics; attribution management, audience development & segmentation, kpi development. agency optimization - managing smart balance and roi on leveraging agency and in-house expertise in pursuit of continuous improvement and industry best practices. brand strategy - works closely with the ceo in leading efforts in brand strategy development, by leveraging reliable customer surveys and industry research to identify opportunities for brand differentiation and expansion. responsible for the determination and execution of the bellacor voice to the customer, both consumer and pro. develops associated brand awareness marketing campaigns through multi-channel marketing to include social media, pr, key influencers, "expert" content & community development, and video ads. cross functional collaboration & execution - builds collaborative and productive cross-functional relationships, and provides constructive marketing & ecommerce expertise to the ideation, planning, prioritization and implementation of business growth and development initiatives. key functional partners include pro, merchandising, it, operations and finance. event planning & integration - serves as a key member of bellacor's event planning team to develop monthly product, brand and store-wide promotional events for site conversion optimization. supports integration activities of those events to ensure effective placement and presentation across email, site, social and ad channels. other duties as assigned qualifications to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. 10+ years of marketing & ecommerce experience within the consumer products retail industry deep hands-on experience and expertise in the latest industry best-practices with the disciplines outlined above, including: digital marketing, web & mobile site development, marketplace management, b2b lead marketing, event planning, and marketing analytics. experience in both b-to-c and b-to-b sales & marketing channels is strongly preferred well-developed communications, interpersonal and cross-functional collaboration skills strong organizational and planning skills 10+ years of supervisory experience bachelor's degree or equivalent in a related field physical requirements the physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. frequently required to sit, use hands to handle objects and talk or hear. frequent wrist and/or hand movement is required. occasionally required to stand, walk and reach with hands and arms. must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. specific vision abilities required include close vision, distant vision and the ability to adjust focus. the duties of this position may change. bellacor reserves the right to add or delete duties and responsibilities. this job description is intended to describe the general level of work being performed. it is not intended to be all-inclusive. reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. to apply: please send cover letter, resume and salary requirements to careers@bellacor.com customer care representative details + posting date: 7/13/2018 job title: customer care representative department: customer care location: minneapolis, mn contact: careers@bellacor.com. join the bellacor team as part of a fast-paced fashion online business. bellacor has more than one million shoppers monthly seeking the latest lighting and home furnishings. bellacor is seeking talented candidates with exceptional selling and customer care skills to drive sales and provide only the very best outstanding service. primary responsibilities a bellacor customer care representative manages all aspects of selling and servicing the customer. customer care representatives quickly and accurately identify and assess individual customer needs via calls, chats and emails and take appropriate action steps to satisfy those needs. representatives must solve problems systematically following established practices and procedures. essential capabilities bias for selling. effective communicator. exceptional multitasking skills - able to handle multiple customer interactions simultaneously. able to maintain poise during stressful interactions. a propensity for learning quickly and independent problem solving. high sense of urgency. adaptive, flexible & team player. attention to detail. ability to use multiple system applications at once. job functions meet/exceed established sales goals. professionally handle high volumes of customer interactions per day across email, phone and chat. answer questions related to product information, order status, shipping/delivery issues, etc. educate customers on products & promotions; proactively influence the sale and place orders. make outbound calls to vendors for product/order information. creative problem solving resolving customer complaints. assist team members as needed. deliver excellent customer service. education & required skills customer service experience (1 - 3+ years) preferably in a call center setting. high school diploma or ged equivalent. proficient with the microsoft office suite and the internet. strong interpersonal, organizational and persuasive communications skills, both oral and written. strong work ethic and goal oriented. retail sales experience. to apply: please send cover letter, resume and compensation requirements to careers@bellacor.com product data coordinator details + posting date: 6/15/2018 job title: product data coordinator department: merchandising location: minneapolis, mn contact: careers@bellacor.com. company description bellacor.com inc., a widely recognized results-oriented specialty internet retailer focused on lighting, décor and furniture, is seeking product data coordinators. start your merchandising career towards a bellacor buyer as a product data coordinator. the product data coordinator position is the foundation of merchandise buying allowing for vendor interaction, category responsibility and growth. learn how assortment decisions are made, financial negotiations are executed and how brands are built to succeed in a competitive online retail environment. ideal candidate this position requires continuous high attention to detail and the ability to efficiently manage large volumes of product data. a propensity for learning quickly and independent problem solving is necessary. proficiency with microsoft office applications (emphasis on excel) is mandatory. being adaptive with a high sense of urgency is critical. passion for the home is plus. job purpose the product data coordinator manages all aspects of preparing, setting up and maintaining items that are sold on bellacor.com. product detail responsibility includes procuring and managing data components such as pricing, descriptions, dimensions and images along with all other item attributes. what you'll do work within a buying team to create/build the items offered for sales on bellacor.com. communicate with internal and external teams to facilitate timely, efficient and accurate product data procurement. accurately input, maintain and update data utilizing established procedures. complete assigned tasks and projects based on set priorities and deadlines. research, troubleshoot, document and correct data errors. what you'll need undergraduate degree or equivalent experience. proficiency with the microsoft office suite and the internet. accurate keyboarding, editing, proofing, grammar and data entry skills. to apply: please send cover letter, resume and salary requirements to careers@bellacor.com bright ideas blog the secrets of lighting & circadian rhythm how does light really affect our sleep/wake cycle? take a look at some of the secrets to our circadian rhythm and what you can do to get back on track. read more ▸ sign up* join *opt-out at any time. see our commitment to privacy for details.excludes open box, clearance, doorbusters, hot buys, price cuts and price restricted items. offer valid for first-time email subscribers only and expires in 30 days. company about us careers bellacorpro for affiliates articles need help? 1-877-723-5522 | chat shopping # bcnbgee today 8 am - 4 pm ctcustomer care returns shipping provide feedback sign up* join *opt-out at any time. see our commitment to privacy for details.excludes open box, clearance, doorbusters, hot buys, price cutsand price restricted items. offer valid for first-time email subscribers only and expires in 30 days. follow us © copyright 2008-2018 bellacor and bellacorpro are registered trademarks of bellacor.com, inc. all rights reserved. 251 1st avenue n, suite 600 minneapolis, mn 55401 terms & conditions | privacy policy | site map we're here to help with productquestions or to place an order! contact us today hide