来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231225205814/https://www.bellacor.com/shop-by-style.html
================================================================================

find your decorating style | home trends from bellacor skip to main content visit our new showroom! free shipping on all items! *exclusions apply trade member? learn about our pro account | contact us season of savings - save up to 75% off | shop now memorial day sale season of savings - save up to 75% off | shop now new! full assortment from visual comfort & co. | shop now new! full assortment from visual comfort & co. | shop now search my account shopping cart orders projects edit profile need assistance? logout wishlist products 0 log in need assistance? 1-877-723-5522 contact us wishlist 0 close navigation lighting back to main menu close navigation all lighting ceiling lighting ceiling lighting back to lighting close navigation all ceiling lighting chandeliers chandeliers flush & semi flush lighting flush & semi flush lighting mini chandeliers mini chandeliers mini pendant lighting mini pendant lighting pendant lighting pendant lighting recessed lighting recessed lighting track lighting track lighting all ceiling lighting wall lighting wall lighting back to lighting close navigation all wall lighting bath lighting bath lighting picture lighting picture lighting swing arm & plug in lamps swing arm & plug in lamps under cabinet lighting under cabinet lighting wall sconces wall sconces all wall lighting lamps lamps back to lighting close navigation all lamps desk lamps desk lamps floor lamps floor lamps table lamps table lamps all lamps outdoor lighting outdoor lighting back to lighting close navigation all outdoor lighting landscape lighting landscape lighting outdoor ceiling lighting outdoor ceiling lighting outdoor hanging lighting outdoor hanging lighting outdoor post lighting outdoor post lighting outdoor wall lighting outdoor wall lighting all outdoor lighting fans fans back to lighting close navigation all fans ceiling fans ceiling fans floor fans floor fans table fans table fans wall fans wall fans all fans more more back tomore custom under cabinet lightingcustom under cabinet lighting black chandeliersblack chandeliers ceiling medallionsceiling medallions chandelier shadeschandelier shades commercial lightingcommercial lighting crystal chandelierscrystal chandeliers designer lightingdesigner lighting drum pendant lightingdrum pendant lighting led lightingled lighting light bulbslight bulbs smart homesmart home lighting resources & guideslighting resources & guides lighting best sellerslighting best sellers furniture back to main menu close navigation all furniture bedroom furniture bedroom furniture back to furniture close navigation all bedroom furniture beds beds dressers & armoires dressers & armoires headboards headboards nightstands nightstands all bedroom furniture living room furniture living room furniture back to furniture close navigation all living room furniture chairs & recliners chairs & recliners loveseats loveseats ottomans ottomans sofas & sectionals sofas & sectionals all living room furniture kitchen & dining furniture kitchen & dining furniture back to furniture close navigation all kitchen & dining furniture bar stools bar stools dining chairs dining chairs dining sets dining sets dining tables dining tables kitchen islands & carts kitchen islands & carts all kitchen & dining furniture accent furniture accent furniture back to furniture close navigation all accent furniture accent & storage benches accent & storage benches accent cabinets & chests accent cabinets & chests accent chairs accent chairs accent tables accent tables plant stands plant stands shelves & bookcases shelves & bookcases all accent furniture more more back tomore bathroom furniturebathroom furniture bathroom vanitiesbathroom vanities entry wayentry way home entertainmenthome entertainment game room & bargame room & bar home officehome office outdoor & patiooutdoor & patio furniture resources & guidesfurniture resources & guides furniture best sellersfurniture best sellers decor & more back to main menu close navigation all decor & more home decor home decor back to decor & more close navigation all home decor candle holders candle holders decorative accessories decorative accessories faux flowers & plants faux flowers & plants rugs rugs throw pillows throw pillows vases vases all home decor bath bath back to decor & more close navigation all bath bath accessories bath accessories bathroom sinks bathroom sinks cabinet hardware & knobs cabinet hardware & knobs towel bars & rings towel bars & rings all bath outdoor outdoor back to decor & more close navigation all outdoor gardening gardening house numbers & letters house numbers & letters mailboxes mailboxes outdoor living outdoor living yard games yard games all outdoor mirrors mirrors back to decor & more close navigation all mirrors bathroom mirrors bathroom mirrors floor mirrors floor mirrors wall mirrors wall mirrors all mirrors wall decor wall decor back to decor & more close navigation all wall decor wall clocks wall clocks wall accents wall accents wall art wall art wall decals & panels wall decals & panels wall sculpture wall sculpture wallpaper wallpaper all wall decor more more back tomore personalized giftspersonalized gifts home & entertaininghome & entertaining bath lightingbath lighting fansfans seasonal decorseasonal decor window treatmentswindow treatments curtains & drapescurtains & drapes throwsthrows storage & organizationstorage & organization decor resources & guidesdecor resources & guides decor best sellersdecor best sellers patio & outdoor back to main menu close navigation patio & outdoorpatio & outdoor outdoor & patio furnitureoutdoor & patio furniture outdoor lightingoutdoor lighting outdoor rugsoutdoor rugs sustainable materialssustainable materials recycled patio chairsrecycled patio chairs patio cushions & pillowspatio cushions & pillows patio umbrellaspatio umbrellas yard gamesyard games gardeninggardening house numbers & lettershouse numbers & letters mailboxesmailboxes outdoor livingoutdoor living all patio & outdoorall patio & outdoor mailboxes distinctive and bold, a new mailbox will highlight your home's architectural elements and add curb appeal. mailboxes distinctive and bold, a new mailbox will highlight your home's architectural elements and add curb appeal. patio furniture sets porch, patio, deck or balcony, we have the perfect patio sets to complement your style. patio furniture sets porch, patio, deck or balcony, we have the perfect patio sets to complement your style. oudoor lighting set the tone of your exterior decor while adding safety and security with outdoor lighting. oudoor lighting set the tone of your exterior decor while adding safety and security with outdoor lighting. all patio & outdoor brands back to main menu close navigation top brandstop brands 251 first a.r.t. furniture capital lighting fixture company cooper classics crystorama lighting group currey & company cyan design elk lighting fanimation gabby generation lighting george kovacs global views hinkley hooker furniture hubbardton forge hudson valley justice design group karastan kichler lithonia lighting loloi mill & mason millennium lighting minka aire minka-lavery noir nuvo lighting progress lighting quoizel quorum international regina andrew robert abbey savoy house schonbek sonneman summer classics surya troy universal furniture uttermost visual comfort fan collection visual comfort modern collection visual comfort signature collection visual comfort studio collection york wallcoverings all brands all brands deals back to main menu close navigation ways to saveways to save top dealstop deals open boxopen box clearanceclearance bellacor product spotlightbellacor product spotlight fantastic findsfantastic finds limited time dealslimited time deals free shippingfree shipping shop all salesshop all all deals rooms & ideas back to main menu close navigation more to exploremore to explore shop the lookshop the look shop by roomshop by room shop by styleshop by style shop by trendshop by trend new arrivalsnew arrivals ideas & adviceideas & advice home decorating inspirationhome decorating inspiration editors pickseditors picks guides and how to'sguides and how to's trendingtrending best sellersbest sellers find your style find your perfect look and shop our most popular styles. find your style find your perfect look and shop our most popular styles. room ideas get inspiration for your next room update and shop the look. room ideas get inspiration for your next room update and shop the look. trends explore top trends in home decor, furniture and lighting. trends explore top trends in home decor, furniture and lighting. all rooms & ideas my account shopping cart orders projects edit profile need assistance? logout wishlist products 0 log in need assistance? 1-877-723-5522 contact us wishlist log in shop by style bohemian eclectic taste is at the forefront of bohemian decor. a dreamy blend of carefree styling that’s undeniably intricate and artistic, this aesthetic masters the feminine mystique without veering into frilly territory. think eye-catching combinations of trinkets, textures and textiles. shop bohemian bohemian eclectic taste is at the forefront of bohemian decor. a dreamy blend of carefree styling that’s undeniably intricate and artistic, this aesthetic masters the feminine mystique without veering into frilly territory. think eye-catching combinations of trinkets, textures and textiles. shop bohemian mid-century modern known for its eye-catching geometric designs, matte metallic finishes and sleek tapered legs, mid-century modern style is as unique as it is versatile. clean lines and minimal ornamentation take center stage with this aesthetic, offering a stripped-down approach that’s both timeless and functional. shop mid-century modern mid-century modern known for its eye-catching geometric designs, matte metallic finishes and sleek tapered legs, mid-century modern style is as unique as it is versatile. clean lines and minimal ornamentation take center stage with this aesthetic, offering a stripped-down approach that’s both timeless and functional. shop mid-century modern contemporary & modern clean lines come full circle with a look tailored to the here and now. sleek and polished, this style fuses strong geometric shapes with simple patterns for a statement all its own. similarly, crisp neutrals unite with dynamic pops of color for show-stopping flair. shop contemporary & modern contemporary & modern clean lines come full circle with a look tailored to the here and now. sleek and polished, this style fuses strong geometric shapes with simple patterns for a statement all its own. similarly, crisp neutrals unite with dynamic pops of color for show-stopping flair. shop contemporary & modern coastal dive right into this ocean-inspired style. relaxed and unassuming, coastal decor showcases the beauty of distressed wood, airy silhouettes and natural materials. big on natural fibers, washed pastels and earthy color palettes, this nautical theme offers a beachy feel that’s sure to make a splash. shop coastal coastal dive right into this ocean-inspired style. relaxed and unassuming, coastal decor showcases the beauty of distressed wood, airy silhouettes and natural materials. big on natural fibers, washed pastels and earthy color palettes, this nautical theme offers a beachy feel that’s sure to make a splash. shop coastal industrial take a no-frills approach to your interior decor with this factory-inspired aesthetic. raw woods and rusted metals prove a dynamic pairing, while exposed elements like brick and pipe offer an unfinished look that reclaims the spotlight. shop industrial industrial take a no-frills approach to your interior decor with this factory-inspired aesthetic. raw woods and rusted metals prove a dynamic pairing, while exposed elements like brick and pipe offer an unfinished look that reclaims the spotlight. shop industrial farmhouse welcome home to sophisticated country style. airy and light with clean hues, this design approach pairs soft elements with distressed metals and weathered wood for the best of both worlds. if it’s laidback style you crave, farmhouse charm delivers with the perfect blend of familiar meets nostalgia. shop farmhouse farmhouse welcome home to sophisticated country style. airy and light with clean hues, this design approach pairs soft elements with distressed metals and weathered wood for the best of both worlds. if it’s laidback style you crave, farmhouse charm delivers with the perfect blend of familiar meets nostalgia. shop farmhouse scandinavian experience the look and feel of hygge; where comfort and style unite. in the scandinavian home, furniture is a work of art that puts its sculptural influences on full display, while neutral palettes are accented with unexpected pops of color. functionality takes precedence over decoration with this style, creating a look that’s ultra-cozy yet spacious and uncluttered. shop scandinavian scandinavian experience the look and feel of hygge; where comfort and style unite. in the scandinavian home, furniture is a work of art that puts its sculptural influences on full display, while neutral palettes are accented with unexpected pops of color. functionality takes precedence over decoration with this style, creating a look that’s ultra-cozy yet spacious and uncluttered. shop scandinavian traditional why break with tradition when it looks this good? timeless style comes front and center with detailed craftsmanship, rich color palettes and abundant accessories. dark woods and curved lines unite for a sophisticated yet subdued look and feel that hearkens back to days past. shop traditional traditional why break with tradition when it looks this good? timeless style comes front and center with detailed craftsmanship, rich color palettes and abundant accessories. dark woods and curved lines unite for a sophisticated yet subdued look and feel that hearkens back to days past. shop traditional urban meet the softer side of industrial decor. mainly sleek and modern with hints of rustic charm, this look pairs organic elements like exposed brick and stone with clean lighting fixtures made of metal. the end result is a city-dweller’s dream that’s at once sophisticated and edgy. shop urban urban meet the softer side of industrial decor. mainly sleek and modern with hints of rustic charm, this look pairs organic elements like exposed brick and stone with clean lighting fixtures made of metal. the end result is a city-dweller’s dream that’s at once sophisticated and edgy. shop urban rustic experience the down-to-earth charm of rustic style. this aesthetic relies on rough, organic materials like wood, stone and burlap to make a statement that’s equal parts comfortable and commanding. neutral color palettes offer an earthy feel while highlighting the natural beauty of simple living. shop rustic rustic experience the down-to-earth charm of rustic style. this aesthetic relies on rough, organic materials like wood, stone and burlap to make a statement that’s equal parts comfortable and commanding. neutral color palettes offer an earthy feel while highlighting the natural beauty of simple living. shop rustic french country say “oui!” to the look and feel of parisian elegance. venture to the french countryside with ornate designs tempered by earthy hues, ornamental woods and heavy linens. this style’s use of natural materials like stone and brick ensures you feel right at home. shop french country french country say “oui!” to the look and feel of parisian elegance. venture to the french countryside with ornate designs tempered by earthy hues, ornamental woods and heavy linens. this style’s use of natural materials like stone and brick ensures you feel right at home. shop french country luxury & glam elevate your home with the perfect amount of glitz and glam. luxury and sparkle take center stage with white-on-white tones and metallic finishes to make a bold, opulent statement. from light-catching materials and luxurious fabrics to oh-so dramatic details, this luxe style belongs in the spotlight. shop luxury & glam luxury & glam elevate your home with the perfect amount of glitz and glam. luxury and sparkle take center stage with white-on-white tones and metallic finishes to make a bold, opulent statement. from light-catching materials and luxurious fabrics to oh-so dramatic details, this luxe style belongs in the spotlight. shop luxury & glam global wanderlusters and trendsetters unite with a globally inspired mix of textures and tones. this style gives neutral color palettes an upgrade with warm, spicy hues while showcasing the beauty of wood grains, natural fabrics and plush textiles. shop global global wanderlusters and trendsetters unite with a globally inspired mix of textures and tones. this style gives neutral color palettes an upgrade with warm, spicy hues while showcasing the beauty of wood grains, natural fabrics and plush textiles. shop global victorian give your home an enchanting makeover courtesy of gothic forms with heavy detailing and elaborate carving. this vintage-inspired style showcases opulence at its finest with wrought-iron fixtures, crystal accents, gold finishes and velvety fabrics. shop victorian victorian give your home an enchanting makeover courtesy of gothic forms with heavy detailing and elaborate carving. this vintage-inspired style showcases opulence at its finest with wrought-iron fixtures, crystal accents, gold finishes and velvety fabrics. shop victorian early american hailing from colonial times, early american style captures the beauty of simpler times. this aesthetic pairs natural wood features in rich cherry or walnut finishes with contrasting elements of wrought iron, pewter, tin and copper for the best of both worlds. shop early american early american hailing from colonial times, early american style captures the beauty of simpler times. this aesthetic pairs natural wood features in rich cherry or walnut finishes with contrasting elements of wrought iron, pewter, tin and copper for the best of both worlds. shop early american mission traditional and contemporary styles unite with this timeless style. mission decor utilizes a clean combination of horizontal and vertical lines for a look that’s simple yet refined. from oak or leather furniture to lights crafted with iron and glass, this style is rich and proper without looking stuffy. shop mission mission traditional and contemporary styles unite with this timeless style. mission decor utilizes a clean combination of horizontal and vertical lines for a look that’s simple yet refined. from oak or leather furniture to lights crafted with iron and glass, this style is rich and proper without looking stuffy. shop mission a style for every home find your home style it's no secret that your personal style says a lot about you. from your decorative tastes to your approach to interior design, these things make up your sense of home. perhaps your home has a clearly defined style like mid-century modern or rustic farmhouse but these days, it's much more likely that your home is a fusion of styles—like modern farmhouse or transitional (a hybrid style that borrows from both modern and traditional elements). the room styles found on this page are only meant to be a starting point. take note of what you like and don't like as you browse through living room styles, kitchens and bedrooms. once you have a few rooms that you like (and a few that you don't!), look for similarities across the likes and dislikes to find a high-level theme. if you find that you hate mismatched elements or clutter, your style probably trends towards minimalist. minimalist homes focus on creating a "less is more" environment where natural light and basic color palettes are front and center. create more light in your minimalist living room by adding mirrors. alternatively if you appreciate the creativity and vibrancy in mix-and-match textiles and colors, you may learn toward eclectic or bohemian styles. mixing interior design styles don't feel like your home has to fit within the definitive lines of a particular style either. you can have a contemporary or modern living room but lean toward a bohemian vibe in your bedroom. feel free to mix and match materials, finishes, wall colors and furniture types to create your own style. the best style for your home is one that finds way to marry bits and pieces of your personal tastes even if that's changed throughout the years. recently viewed company about bellacor visit our showroom careers bellacor reviews bellacor pro bellacor commercial accessibility statement for affiliates blog need help? contact us hours m-f 8:30 am - noon & 1 - 5 pm ct order info & policies shipping returns order status find a wishlist 1-877-723-5522 text us: 1-833-456-2688 today closed subscribe & save today sign up for a special offer on your next full-price purchase* plus access to exclusive deals. sign up to save! *exclusions apply. | opt-out at any time. | view our privacy policy partners © copyright 2008- bellacor and bellacorpro are registered trademarks of bellacor.com, inc. all rights reserved.1728 concordia ave saint paul, mn 55104 terms & conditions | privacy policy | accessibility statement | ca privacy rights | site map do not sell my personal information trustpilot tracking consent this site uses cookies to provide a great shopping experience. cookies enable you to enjoy certain features like saving your cart and viewing recently viewed products or recommendations.they also help us understand how our site is being used. we also share information about your use on our site with other advertising and analytics partners. by continuing to use our site you consent to our use of cookies. see our privacy policy for details. continue bellacor