来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20231225205814/https://www.bellacor.com/terms-and-conditions.html
================================================================================

website terms and conditions skip to main content visit our new showroom! free shipping on most orders! *exclusions apply trade member? learn about our pro account | contact us new year new look - fresh new looks for 2024 | shop now memorial day sale new year new look - fresh new looks for 2024 | shop now new! full assortment from visual comfort & co. | shop now new! full assortment from visual comfort & co. | shop now search my account shopping cart orders projects edit profile need assistance? logout wishlist products 0 log in need assistance? 1-877-723-5522 contact us wishlist 0 close navigation lighting back to main menu close navigation all lighting ceiling lighting ceiling lighting back to lighting close navigation all ceiling lighting chandeliers chandeliers flush & semi flush lighting flush & semi flush lighting mini chandeliers mini chandeliers mini pendant lighting mini pendant lighting pendant lighting pendant lighting recessed lighting recessed lighting track lighting track lighting all ceiling lighting wall lighting wall lighting back to lighting close navigation all wall lighting bath lighting bath lighting picture lighting picture lighting swing arm & plug in lamps swing arm & plug in lamps under cabinet lighting under cabinet lighting wall sconces wall sconces all wall lighting lamps lamps back to lighting close navigation all lamps desk lamps desk lamps floor lamps floor lamps table lamps table lamps all lamps outdoor lighting outdoor lighting back to lighting close navigation all outdoor lighting landscape lighting landscape lighting outdoor ceiling lighting outdoor ceiling lighting outdoor hanging lighting outdoor hanging lighting outdoor post lighting outdoor post lighting outdoor wall lighting outdoor wall lighting all outdoor lighting fans fans back to lighting close navigation all fans ceiling fans ceiling fans floor fans floor fans table fans table fans wall fans wall fans all fans more more back tomore custom under cabinet lightingcustom under cabinet lighting black chandeliersblack chandeliers ceiling medallionsceiling medallions chandelier shadeschandelier shades commercial lightingcommercial lighting crystal chandelierscrystal chandeliers designer lightingdesigner lighting drum pendant lightingdrum pendant lighting led lightingled lighting light bulbslight bulbs smart homesmart home lighting resources & guideslighting resources & guides lighting best sellerslighting best sellers furniture back to main menu close navigation all furniture bedroom furniture bedroom furniture back to furniture close navigation all bedroom furniture beds beds dressers & armoires dressers & armoires headboards headboards nightstands nightstands all bedroom furniture living room furniture living room furniture back to furniture close navigation all living room furniture chairs & recliners chairs & recliners loveseats loveseats ottomans ottomans sofas & sectionals sofas & sectionals all living room furniture kitchen & dining furniture kitchen & dining furniture back to furniture close navigation all kitchen & dining furniture bar stools bar stools dining chairs dining chairs dining sets dining sets dining tables dining tables kitchen islands & carts kitchen islands & carts all kitchen & dining furniture accent furniture accent furniture back to furniture close navigation all accent furniture accent & storage benches accent & storage benches accent cabinets & chests accent cabinets & chests accent chairs accent chairs accent tables accent tables plant stands plant stands shelves & bookcases shelves & bookcases all accent furniture more more back tomore bathroom furniturebathroom furniture bathroom vanitiesbathroom vanities entry wayentry way home entertainmenthome entertainment game room & bargame room & bar home officehome office outdoor & patiooutdoor & patio furniture resources & guidesfurniture resources & guides furniture best sellersfurniture best sellers decor & more back to main menu close navigation all decor & more home decor home decor back to decor & more close navigation all home decor candle holders candle holders decorative accessories decorative accessories faux flowers & plants faux flowers & plants rugs rugs throw pillows throw pillows vases vases all home decor bath bath back to decor & more close navigation all bath bath accessories bath accessories bathroom sinks bathroom sinks cabinet hardware & knobs cabinet hardware & knobs towel bars & rings towel bars & rings all bath outdoor outdoor back to decor & more close navigation all outdoor gardening gardening house numbers & letters house numbers & letters mailboxes mailboxes outdoor living outdoor living yard games yard games all outdoor mirrors mirrors back to decor & more close navigation all mirrors bathroom mirrors bathroom mirrors floor mirrors floor mirrors wall mirrors wall mirrors all mirrors wall decor wall decor back to decor & more close navigation all wall decor wall clocks wall clocks wall accents wall accents wall art wall art wall decals & panels wall decals & panels wall sculpture wall sculpture wallpaper wallpaper all wall decor more more back tomore personalized giftspersonalized gifts home & entertaininghome & entertaining bath lightingbath lighting fansfans seasonal decorseasonal decor window treatmentswindow treatments curtains & drapescurtains & drapes throwsthrows storage & organizationstorage & organization decor resources & guidesdecor resources & guides decor best sellersdecor best sellers patio & outdoor back to main menu close navigation patio & outdoorpatio & outdoor outdoor & patio furnitureoutdoor & patio furniture outdoor lightingoutdoor lighting outdoor rugsoutdoor rugs sustainable materialssustainable materials recycled patio chairsrecycled patio chairs patio cushions & pillowspatio cushions & pillows patio umbrellaspatio umbrellas yard gamesyard games gardeninggardening house numbers & lettershouse numbers & letters mailboxesmailboxes outdoor livingoutdoor living all patio & outdoorall patio & outdoor mailboxes distinctive and bold, a new mailbox will highlight your home's architectural elements and add curb appeal. mailboxes distinctive and bold, a new mailbox will highlight your home's architectural elements and add curb appeal. patio furniture sets porch, patio, deck or balcony, we have the perfect patio sets to complement your style. patio furniture sets porch, patio, deck or balcony, we have the perfect patio sets to complement your style. oudoor lighting set the tone of your exterior decor while adding safety and security with outdoor lighting. oudoor lighting set the tone of your exterior decor while adding safety and security with outdoor lighting. all patio & outdoor brands back to main menu close navigation top brandstop brands 251 first a.r.t. furniture capital lighting fixture company cooper classics crystorama lighting group currey & company cyan design elk lighting fanimation gabby generation lighting george kovacs global views hinkley hooker furniture hubbardton forge hudson valley justice design group karastan kichler lithonia lighting loloi mill & mason millennium lighting minka aire minka-lavery noir nuvo lighting progress lighting quoizel quorum international regina andrew robert abbey savoy house schonbek sonneman summer classics surya troy universal furniture uttermost visual comfort fan collection visual comfort modern collection visual comfort signature collection visual comfort studio collection york wallcoverings all brands all brands deals back to main menu close navigation ways to saveways to save top dealstop deals open boxopen box clearanceclearance bellacor product spotlightbellacor product spotlight fantastic findsfantastic finds limited time dealslimited time deals free shippingfree shipping shop all salesshop all all deals rooms & ideas back to main menu close navigation more to exploremore to explore shop the lookshop the look shop by roomshop by room shop by styleshop by style shop by trendshop by trend new arrivalsnew arrivals ideas & adviceideas & advice home decorating inspirationhome decorating inspiration editors pickseditors picks guides and how to'sguides and how to's trendingtrending best sellersbest sellers find your style find your perfect look and shop our most popular styles. find your style find your perfect look and shop our most popular styles. room ideas get inspiration for your next room update and shop the look. room ideas get inspiration for your next room update and shop the look. trends explore top trends in home decor, furniture and lighting. trends explore top trends in home decor, furniture and lighting. all rooms & ideas my account shopping cart orders projects edit profile need assistance? logout wishlist products 0 log in need assistance? 1-877-723-5522 contact us wishlist log in home › website terms and conditions website terms and conditions this website terms and conditions agreement ("agreement") is made by and between bellacor.com, inc. (collectively and individually the "bellacor," "us," "we" and "our") and you ("you," "your," or "user"). this agreement contains the terms and conditions that govern your use of any website that displays, links, or refers to this agreement (such websites referred to herein collectively and individually as "website," or "this website") and any sales of goods or services through those websites. bellacor sales and services are subject to stated terms and conditions. by accessing, visiting, browsing, using, or shopping at bellacor.com, you accept the terms and conditions of this agreement. bellacor reserves the right to modify or change the terms and conditions at any time without prior notice. your continued accessing, visiting, browsing, using, or shopping on the website constitutes your acceptance of such changes. the most current version of this agreement, which supersedes all previous versions, can be reviewed by clicking on the terms & conditions link on the bottom of the home page of this website. access to this website: to access this website or some of the resources it offers, including contacting bellacor or placing an order, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information such as your name, email address, and other credentials. it is a condition of your use of this website that all the information you provide on this website will be correct, current, and complete. if bellacor believes the information you provide is not correct, current, or complete, bellacor has the right to refuse or limit your access to this website or any of its resources, and to block, terminate, or suspend your access at any time. conditions of order: the following additional terms apply to all offers for sale and sale of goods and services through the website: checkout terms: all orders are subject to any additional terms presented to you at checkout. you are bound by these additional terms, which might include information such as, and without limitation, checkout confirmation, sales tax information, email order details, and customer service information. where in conflict, any term set forth in at checkout shall supersede and control over the terms set forth in this agreement. all such terms presented at checkout are incorporated into this agreement by reference. offer and acceptance of order: when you place an order, we may verify your method of payment, and/or shipping address before processing your order. your placement of an order with us is an acceptance of our offer to sell our goods and services, subject to availability and pursuant to the terms contained in this agreement. we, at our discretion, may complete your order by processing your payment, and shipping the good, or may, for any reason, decline to complete your order or any part of your order and refund related charges. no order shall be considered completed until the good has been shipped. if we decline to complete your order, we will attempt to notify you using the email address or other contact information you have provided with your order. e-mail confirmation: in order to provide you with the most up to date information regarding your order, our primary form of communication is via email. all order updates will be sent to the email address used when the order was placed. you must use a valid email address when placing your order. you agree that we will not be responsible for any damage you incur, or information you do not receive, as a result of your failure to provide and maintain a valid email address or as a result of any failure of your email system, spam filters, or other impediments to your receipt of our communications. payment: bellacor accepts visa, mastercard, american express, discover, diners club and paypal. you will be charged the full amount of your order including shipping at the time the order is placed even if the goods you order are shipped at different times. all payments and prices on the website are in united states dollars. credit cards: bellacor accepts visa, mastercard, american express, discover, diners club and paypal. a card is charged in full at the time an order is placed. checks & money orders: bellacor accepts personal checks and usps money orders for orders that are mailed. for all mail orders, include your name, phone number, email address, as well as the physical address for the order to be shipped. see shipping and delivery below for restrictions on shipping addresses. note: orders placed with a personal check will be held for 7 days after receipt to allow sufficient time for the check to clear. orders received with a usps money order will be placed immediately. product warranties: products sold by bellacor are covered by the manufacturer's warranty. for purchased product from bellacor found to be defective contact customer care. except as set forth on the website as set forth above, all goods are sold on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis, and we make no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to any good or service, and we expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement with regard to the goods and services. shipping and delivery: bellacor ships items over $25 free of charge; $4.95 shipping applies to items under $25. bellacor pro clients receive free shipping on all standard orders; some exceptions apply.the "free shipping" promotion does not apply to: items with individual shipping surcharges, see details on the product page. premium shipping upgrade charges, see options in checkout. orders shipping outside the 48 contiguous united states.additional charges may be assessed for highly congested, toll heavy, required ferry crossings, or select remote areas and islands. many products are ready to ship within two days of order placement, others are manufactured when an order is placed, see product pages for specific details. bellacor pro members needing expedited shipping should contact their account manager. rural delivery is available to properties with a physical address. bellacor cannot deliver to p.o. box locations or military apo/fpo addresses. most orders may be delivered without a scheduled appointment and signature. select orders with additional delivery services e.g. threshold, room of choice, white glove require an appointment and signature. deliveries that must be scheduled are made monday through friday, 8 am - 5 pm. you will be contacted to schedule a delivery date and time window. customers are responsible for all redelivery costs driven by missed or late cancelled appointments. a responsible party at least 18 years of age must be present to take delivery and sign for the shipment. customers must inspect the delivery carton for visible damage. if the carton has visible damage or there is any reason for concern with the packaging or product condition "product damaged" must be written on the face of the delivery receipt. customers that sign for delivery and do not notate "damage" assume responsibility if merchandise is damaged. review the damaged merchandise section. bellacor is not responsible for shipping delays due to the fault of the manufacturer or delivery carrier. delivery and/or shipment dates provided in connection with any order are estimates only and do not represent fixed or guaranteed delivery dates. bellacor works internally and with vendors to provide the best possible delivery estimates. there are some situations beyond bellacor control, such as fire, flood, strike, or other labor difficulty, fuel scarcity, acts of god, weather, act of any governmental authority or of the purchaser, accidents or other delays or unavailability regarding in transportation, inability to obtain necessary labor, materials or manufacturing facilities from usual sources or due to any other cause beyond reasonable control. in the event of delay in performance due to any cause, within bellacor control or otherwise, the date of delivery will be postponed by such length of time as may be reasonably necessary to compensate for the delay. bellacor does not guarantee or ensure that any shipment can be made by any specific time or date. bellacor disclaims all liability for any damages, costs, or losses of any type, including without limitation for any special, incidental, or consequential damages, lost profits, lost business, lost revenue, or damage to property or reputation due to any delay in shipping regardless of whether such loss was known or foreseeable to bellacor and regardless of whether you gave notice to bellacor of such potential loss. refused delivery do not refuse delivery for products that are not damaged. if at the time of delivery product itself appears to be significantly damaged the order may be refused. customers are responsible for all costs driven by a refused delivery for product not damaged. proprietary information: the material and content accessible from this website, and any other website owned, operated, licensed, or otherwise controlled by bellacor, including without limitation any text, photos, videos, buttons, icons, downloads, audio, scripts, software, markup language, or other content or compilations of content whether perceptible or not to a human (the "content") is the proprietary information of bellacor or the party that provided or licensed the content to bellacor, whereby such providing party retains all right, title, and interest in the content. accordingly, the content may not be copied, distributed, republished, uploaded, posted, displayed, performed, licensed, modified, or transmitted in any way without the prior written consent of bellacor. modification or use of the content except as expressly provided in this agreement violates bellacor's intellectual property rights. neither title nor intellectual property rights are transferred to you by access to this website. trademarks: bellacor.com, mybellacor.com, bellacorpro.com and other marks are registered trademarks of bellacor.com, inc. or its subsidiaries in the united states and other countries. trademarks, service marks, logos, and copyrighted works appearing in this website are the property of bellacor or the party that provided the trademarks, services marks, logos, and copyrighted works to bellacor. bellacor and any party that provided trademarks, service marks, logos, and copyrighted works to bellacor retain all rights with respect to any of their respective trademarks, service marks, logos, and copyrighted works appearing in this website. the website may contain goods or good descriptions that use the trademarks of other companies. all such trademark usage is strictly intended to be fair use of such trademarks for the purpose of providing information regarding goods and services offered by bellacor and bellacor does not claim or intend to insinuate any affiliation with, sponsorship of, or approval by the owners of any such trademarks. license and site access: bellacor grants limited license to access and make personal use of the website and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of bellacor. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. this site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of bellacor. no framing techniques may be utilized to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of bellacor and affiliates without express written consent. meta-tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing the bellacor name or trademarks may not be used without the express written consent of bellacor. any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by bellacor. you may create a hyperlink to the home page of bellacor so long as the link does not portray bellacor, its affiliates, products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. competitors and third party aggregators may not connect "deep links" to the website, i.e., create links to this website that bypass the home page or other parts of the website without the prior written permission of bellacor. use of any bellacor logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link is prohibited without express written permission. in addition, you may not use website in any manner which could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the website or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the website. you may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, content, or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the website. you may not attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the website or any system to which it is connected or attempt to breach any security measures. you may not modify, translate, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, alter, copy, distribute, display, send, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, content, software, or services obtained from or otherwise connected to website. customer account: customers are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of account and password information. customers agree to accept responsibility for all activities associated with an account. submissions to bellacor and affiliated servers: remarks, suggestions, ideas, messages and data submitted to bellacor through the website or other bellacor-affiliated websites (collectively, the "messages") shall be and remain the exclusive property of bellacor. customers represent and warrant to bellacor and accept responsibility for the accuracy, appropriateness and legality of the messages including without limitation that they do not infringe the intellectual property rights of others. customer submission of such messages shall constitute an assignment to bellacor of all worldwide right, title and interest in and to all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the messages without incurring any liability for royalties or any other consideration of any kind. bellacor is entitled to use, copy, modify, disclose, distribute and make derivative use of any of the messages for any purpose without restriction or compensation in any way. modification of content: bellacor attempts to ensure that the content on the website is complete and current. as indicated in the disclaimers set forth below, bellacor does not guarantee that the information contained on this website will not contain errors, inaccuracies or omissions. such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to price or to product description or availability. bellacor reserves the right to correct any error, inaccuracy or omission or to change or update the content without prior notice. bellacor reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders containing any error, inaccuracy or omission, whether or not the order has been submitted, confirmed and/or a credit card has been charged. if a credit card has been charged for an order cancelled by bellacor, bellacor shall promptly issue a credit. bellacor user-generated content periodically, bellacor may request to use your original content, including but not limited to: personal photographs, product reviews, videos, images, social media postings, comments and other materials ("user content"/"submission"). these requests may occur through email, apps, social media or other means from bellacor; these requests may be content you have submitted directly to bellacor or content that you have published elsewhere. you may also submit content to bellacor through bellacor.com ("the website") or through other means including email, instagram, facebook. by responding to our request using the hashtag #yesbellacor, or agreeing in writing to allow bellacor to use your user content, you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions: you grant bellacor and its vendors a non-exclusive, royalty-free, unrestricted, and worldwide right to use, reproduce, alter, publish, display and adapt your user content in whole or part, as well as your name and other identifying information, such as any social media handle, profile picture, likeness, statements or other available information. if your submission is accepted by bellacor or solicited by bellacor and you agree, it may be displayed or appear on the website, the bellacor social media platforms, email, or in other marketing, advertising or promotions with your name, along with any other identifying information provided. by either making a submission or agreeing to a submission, you are agreeing that: you are 18 years old or older. you are solely responsible for your user content and any consequences that come from posting or publishing it. your user content is not confidential. your user content is original, and you have the right to grant the rights and permissions outlined in the terms. your user content does not violate any rights of any third parties, including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity/privacy, patents, or confidentiality contracts. if there are children in your photo, you are the parent or legal guardian of the minor with legal permission to post. bellacor does not endorse any user content or opinion, recommendation or advice expressed therein. bellacor reserves the right to refuse, remove, alter, edit or delete any user content. bellacor takes no responsibility for user content. social media tag usage by using #yesbellacor, #madewithbellacor, #madewithbellacorpro, @bellacorlighting, or any other similar social media tag, each user agrees to provide bellacor with an unrestricted, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable, worldwide license to use the tagged image in any marketing materials, email, social media sites, and website belonging to either bellacor or its vendors. each user represents and warrants that the uploaded or tagged images do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of any third party. some terms may not apply to you: some jurisdictions including new jersey do not allow the disclaimer of certain warranties, including without limitation of implied warranties, and also the limitation of liability in contracts or indemnification of a party including without limitation for harms caused by the negligence or willful actions of bellacor or for personal or property damage. as a result, the full contents of the warranty disclaimer, indemnification, and limitation of liability sections, as well as other terms in this agreement may not fully apply to you, particularly in new jersey. the contents of these sections and all other terms of this agreement shall apply to you to the maximum amount allowed by applicable law. disclaimers: all content on this website, including, but not limited to, the content and any advice that may be given over this website are provided "as is" and all use of this website is at ones own risk. bellacor disclaims and users hereby waive, any and all warranties and liabilities of bellacor, whether express or implied, arising by operation of law or otherwise with respect to this website and any content on this website, including, but not limited to, any: (a) implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose; (b) implied warranty of title or non-infringement; and (c) claim in tort (including negligence). without limiting the foregoing, users acknowledge that bellacor does not represent or warrant that bellacor.com will be accessible without interruption or that this website or the server that makes this website available are free from errors, defects, design flaws or omissions or from viruses or other harmful components. bellacor does not warrant the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the content provided in this website, including any advice or other similar information obtained by users from us or through this website. bellacor does not make any representation that the content provided is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the united states. bellacor may display advertising prints for products sold through this website. bellacor attempts to display the colors of the products shown as accurately as possible. however, bellacor cannot guarantee that the color seen matches the product color, as the display of color depends, in part, upon the type of computer monitor used. we try to use the closest representative image we can find for the good. these representative, illustrative images may show optional accessories or features, or may be an image of a similar good. therefore, we recommend that you carefully read the good description and other related good literature such as technical drawings, instructions, or specifications before placing your order. if you have any questions or concerns about a good even after reading the description and good literature, please contact us. you understand that bellacor cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that the website or their content, or any other files available for downloading from the internet will be free of viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other code that may manifest contaminating or destructive properties. you are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to this website for any reconstruction of any lost data. bellacor does not assume any responsibility or risk for your use of the website, its content, or the internet. bellacor reserves the right to limit the provision of its goods to any user, geographic area, or jurisdiction and to limit the quantities of any goods or services that it provides. you agree to comply with all applicable laws and local rules regarding the transmission of technical data, acceptable content, and online conduct. this website and the goods sold therein are provided only for those located in in the united states of america. limitation of liability: this limitation of liability clause only applies to residents of new jersey to the extent permitted by new jersey law, and, without limitation, does not apply to new jersey residents to the extent damage is caused to you by the negligent or intentional actions of bellacor. in addition, new jersey and some other jurisdictions may prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for certain types of damages. if these laws apply, some or all of the following disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply and users may have additional rights. except as stated above, in no event shall bellacor, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, successors or assigns or other representatives be liable, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence-whether active, passive or imputed), product liability, strict liability or other theory, to users or any other person for any damages (including, without limitation, any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages) arising out of or in connection with any use of, inability to use, or results of use of, this website or any content on this website, even if bellacor or its representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. if you are dissatisfied with this website and the content thereon, or the terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue use of this website. indemnification: you will indemnify and hold bellacor, its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, licensees, team partners, content providers, service providers, employees, agents, officers, directors, and contractors (the "indemnified parties") harmless from any breach of this agreement by you, including any use of content other than as expressly authorized in this agreement. you agree that the indemnified parties will have no liability in connection with any such breach or unauthorized use, and you agree to indemnify any and all resulting loss, damages, judgments, awards, costs, expenses, and attorneys' fees of the indemnified parties in connection therewith. you will also indemnify and hold the indemnified parties harmless from and against any claims brought by third parties arising out of your use of the services or content accessed through the services except to the extent such claims are due to the negligent or willful acts of bellacor. links to third party websites: the website may contain links to other sites that are neither owned nor operated by bellacor (although some such sites may have an affiliation with bellacor) (collectively, "third party sites"). such links are provided for convenience only. bellacor makes no representations whatsoever about any third party sites, which one may access through this website, as bellacor, has no control over the content appearing on such third party sites. a link to a third party site does not imply and does not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, approval or responsibility for the content on, or the use of, such third party site. no right to use or copy the information on this website or the third party site is granted or implied. additional governing terms and conditions: the website may contain additional disclosures, terms and conditions or other legal terms that apply to the goods and services being offered on the website. wherever the website presents additional terms and conditions, disclosures, or other agreements, you are also bound by those additional terms and, where in specific conflict with the terms and conditions of this agreement, those additional terms shall control over the terms in this agreement. termination or restriction of access: bellacor reserves the right, in their sole discretion, to terminate your access to any or all of bellacor's websites or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. law enforcement: bellacor reserves the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or direction bellacor to disclose the identity of anyone using the website, or publishing or otherwise making available of using any materials that are believed to violate this agreement. you are prohibited from using any services or facilities provided in connection with this website to compromise security or tamper with system resources and/or accounts. the use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g., password guessing programs, cracking tools, or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited. if you become involved in any violation of system security, bellacor reserves the right to release your details to system administrators at other websites and law enforcement authorities in order to assist them in investigating, resolving, and prosecuting laws relating to security incidents. bellacor reserves the right to investigate suspected violations of this agreement. electronic communications: you agree to receive communications from bellacor electronically in connection with your use of the website and placement of orders. bellacor may communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the website. you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that bellacor provides to you electronically satisfy all legal requirements that communications or agreements be in writing and you consent to your being bound by electronically communicated agreements by your continued use of the website or the services after such agreements have been communicated to you. miscellaneous including choice of law and forum: the laws of the state of minnesota shall apply to this agreement, without regard to any conflict of laws provisions. the 1980 united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods, the united nations convention on the limitation period in the international sale of goods, and the uniform computer information transactions act, and any implementations thereof in various jurisdictions and any subsequent revisions thereto, shall not apply to this agreement. any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this agreement or your use of the website, its services, or the content (a "dispute") shall be brought solely in the state or federal courts located in minnesota and you hereby irrevocably consent to exclusive jurisdiction of those courts. you further acknowledge that bellacor may seek equitable remedies against you such as a preliminary or permanent injunction and bellacor rights in its reputation and intellectual property are of a special, unique, extraordinary character, giving those rights peculiar value, the unauthorized use, damage, disclosure, or loss of which cannot be readily estimated and may not be adequately compensated for in monetary damages. if any part of this agreement is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable, shall be modified by the court of competent jurisdiction to reflect to the maximum extent possible the original intention of the parties as reflected by the original wording, and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. no waiver by bellacor of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. no rights, duties, agreements or obligations hereunder, may be assigned or transferred by operation of law, merger or otherwise, without the prior written consent of bellacor. you agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and bellacor as a result of this agreement or use of the website. except as set forth in this agreement, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between the user and bellacor with respect to the website, the content, and any orders. bellacor may revise this agreement at any time by updating this posting. contact bellacor for additional information contact customer care last modified: january, 2022 © bellacor.com, inc., all rights reserved. company about bellacor visit our showroom careers bellacor reviews bellacor pro bellacor commercial accessibility statement for affiliates blog need help? contact us hours m-f 8:30 am - noon & 1 - 4:30 pm ct order info & policies shipping returns order status find a wishlist 1-877-723-5522 text us: 1-833-456-2688 today 8:30 am - 4:30 pm ct subscribe & save today sign up for a special offer on your next full-price purchase* plus access to exclusive deals. sign up to save! *exclusions apply. | opt-out at any time. | view our privacy policy partners © copyright 2008- bellacor and bellacorpro are registered trademarks of bellacor.com, inc. all rights reserved.1728 concordia ave saint paul, mn 55104 terms & conditions | privacy policy | accessibility statement | ca privacy rights | site map do not sell my personal information trustpilot tracking consent this site uses cookies to provide a great shopping experience. cookies enable you to enjoy certain features like saving your cart and viewing recently viewed products or recommendations.they also help us understand how our site is being used. we also share information about your use on our site with other advertising and analytics partners. by continuing to use our site you consent to our use of cookies. see our privacy policy for details. continue bellacor