来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20121230101607/http://www.thriftbooks.com/viewfeedback.aspx
================================================================================

thriftbooks used books - buyer feedback sign in|my account|wish list|help free shipping in the usa title/isbn title/isbn author keyword search advanced search | recent searches cart (0) $0.00checkout browse by category arts & photography biographies & memoirs business & investing calendars children's books christian books & bibles comics & graphic novels computers & technology cookbooks, food & wine crafts, hobbies & home education & reference gay & lesbian health, fitness & dieting history humor & entertainment law literature & fiction medical books mystery, thriller & suspense parenting & relationships politics & social sciences professional & technical religion & spirituality romance science & math science fiction & fantasy self-help sports & outdoors teens textbooks travelarchitectural art & designbusiness of artdesign & decorative artsdrawingfashionhistory & criticismindividual artistsmuseum exhibition catalogsmusicother mediapaintingperforming artsphotographyreligiousschools, periods & stylessculpturestudy & teachingarts & literatureethnic & nationalfamily & childhoodhistoricalleaders & notable peoplememoirspeople, a-zprofessionals & academicsreference & collectionsregional canadaregional u.s.specific groupssports & outdoorstraveltrue accountsaccountingbiography & historybusiness lifeeconomicsfinanceindustries & professionsinternationalinvestingjob hunting & careersmanagement & leadershipmarketing & salesorganizational behaviorpersonal financepopular economicsreal estatereferenceskillssmall business & entrepreneurshipwomen & businessaction & adventureanimalsarts, crafts & musicbiographieschildren's cookbooksclassicseducation & referencefairy tales, folk tales & mythshistoryholidays & celebrationshumorliterature & fictionmysteries & detectivesreligionsscience fiction & fantasyscience, nature & how it workssocial situationssports & gamestransportationtravel & culturesbible coversbiblesbooks on cassettebooks on cdcatholicismchildren's & teenschristian livingchurch historycongregations & orderseducationevangelismholidaysjesusliterature & fictionministry & church leadershipmonasticismmormonismmusicorthodoxyother denominations & sectsprotestantismreferencetheologyworship & devotioncartooningchildren's comicscomic bookscomic stripsgraphic novelshistory & price guidesmangapublishersapplebusiness & culturecertificationcomputer sciencedatabasesdigital musicdigital photography & videogames & strategy guidesgraphic designhardwarehome computingmicrosoftmobile & wireless computingnetworkingoperating systemsprogrammingproject managementsecurity & encryptionsoftwareweb developmentbakingcanning & preservingcooking by ingredientculinary arts & techniquesdrinks & beveragesgastronomymealsnatural foodsorganic cookingoutdoor cookingprofessional cookingquick & easyreferenceregional & internationalspecial appliancesspecial dietspecial occasionsvegetables & vegetariananimal care & petsantiques & collectiblescrafts & hobbiesentertainingexpert advicegardening & horticulturehow-to & home improvementsinterior designsmall homes & cottagessustainable livingweddingsalmanacs & yearbooksatlases & mapscatalogs & directoriescollege & universityconsumer guidesdictionaries & thesaurusesencyclopediasetiquetteforeign language study & referencegenealogygraduate schooljob hunting & careersquotationsschools & teachingstudying & workbookstest preparationtrivia & fun factswords, language & grammarwriting, research & publishing guidesbiographies & memoirshistoryliterature & fictionmystery & thrillersnonfictionparenting & familiestravelagingalternative medicinebeauty & fashioncancerdeath & griefdiets & weight lossdisorders & diseasesexercise & fitnesshealthy cookingmen's healthmental healthnutritionpersonal healthpsychology & counselingrecoveryreferencerelationshipssafety & first aidsexwomen's healthafricaamericasancientasiaaustralia & oceaniaeuropehistorical studyhistorymiddle eastmilitarymilitary sciencerussiaunited statesworldhumormoviesperforming artspop culturepuzzles & gamesradiosheet music & scorestelevisionadministrative lawbiographiesbusinessconstitutional lawcriminal lawcurrent affairsdictionaries & terminologyenglish lawenvironmental & natural resources lawethics & professional responsibilityfamily & health lawintellectual propertyinternational lawlaw practicelegal educationlegal historymedia & the lawone-lperspectives on lawphilosophypractical guidesprocedures & litigationspecialtiesstatute summariestaxationancient & classical literatureanthologies & literary collectionsbritishclassicscontemporarydramaeroticaessays & correspondenceforeign language fictiongenre fictionhistorical fictionhistory & criticismhumorliterarymythology & folk talespoetryshort storiesunited stateswomen's fictionworld literatureadministration & medicine economicsallied health professionsbasic sciencesdentistrymedical informaticsmedicinenursingpharmacologyresearchveterinary medicinemysterypolice proceduralsthrillerswritingadoptionaging parentsfamily activitiesfamily healthfamily relationshipsfertilityparentingpregnancy & childbirthreferencespecial needscrime & criminals?current eventsgovernment????holidaysphilosophypoliticssocial sciencesurban planning & developmentwomen's studiesaccounting & financeamerican national standards institute (ansi) publicationsarchitectureautomotivebusiness managementcivil serviceengineeringlawmedical booksprofessional scienceschools & teachingtransportationbuddhismchristian books & biblesearth-based religionsfictionhinduismislamjudaismnew ageoccultother eastern religions & sacred textsother religions, practices & sacred textsreligiousreligious studiesspiritualityanthologiescontemporaryeroticafantasy & futuristicgothichistoricalmulticulturalregencyreligiousromantic suspensetime travelvampireswesternwritingagricultural sciencesastronomy & space sciencebehavioral sciencesbiological scienceschemistryearth sciencesenvironmentessays & commentaryevolutionexperiments, instruments & measurementhistory & philosophymathematicsnature & ecologyphysicsreferenceresearchscience for kidstechnologyfantasygamingscience fictionwritingabusecreativitydreamseating disordershandwriting analysishappinesshypnosisinner childjournal writingmemory improvementmotivationalnew agepersonal transformationself-esteemspiritualstress managementsuccesstime managementbaseballbasketballcoachingextreme sportsfield guidesfootball (american)golfhiking & campinghockeyhunting & fishingindividual sportsmiscellaneousmountaineeringnature travelother team sportsoutdoor recreationracket sportsrodeossoccersoftballsports & outdoorssurvival skillstrainingwater sportswinter sportsbiographieseducation & referencehealth, mind & bodyhistorical fictionhorrorliterature & fictionlove & romancemysteriesreligion & spiritualityscience fiction & fantasysocial issuessports & hobbiesbusiness & financecommunication & journalismcomputer scienceeducationengineeringhumanitieslawmedicine & health sciencesreferencescience & mathematicssocial sciencestest prep & study guidesadventure travelafricaasiaaustralia & south pacificcanadacaribbeancentral americaeuropefood, lodging & transportationmexicomiddle eastpictorialpolar regionsreferencesouth americaspecialty traveltravel writingunited states textbooks bargain basement best sellers deals gift cards get better prices & faster shipping! see details  > javascript must be enabled in order for you to use thriftbooks. however, it seems javascript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. please enable javascript by changing your browser options, then try again. for more details on managing your browser options, go to our browserhelp page. buyer feedback leave feedback could not be happier! the amount of careful consideration and special attention you receive from this website is outstanding. i have searched and searched other websites just trying to find prices that come close to these, and i have yet to find anything! jarrod schleusner | edgerton, wi this was the first time i ordered a book through thriftbooks. the book arrived quickly! it was in excellent condition, better than stated! the price was better than the websites i usually buy books from and free shipping! couldn't believe the deal i got! highly recommend thriftbooks and this will be the first place i look when i want to purchase a book. thanks for the great service. noreen degoursey | clinton, ct book arrived today!! super speedy delivery for birthday gift coming up soon. i received a bonus surprise in that "the watercolor cat" was an autographed copy with autographs and messages from the author, illustrator, and boo the cat herself, along with her paw print!! i never knew i'd be getting an autographed copy! thanks for the surprise and for your wonderful service. i'll definitely be shopping at thriftbooks again. thank you m.c. | sechelt, b.c. i'm always telling my friends to buy their books from thriftbooks. i bought the entire harry potter series for less than it would have cost to buy one at list price. and since the shipping is free you don't feel like you’re getting cheated like so many of the other bargain book websites. i can't speak highly enough of how good my experience has been with thriftbooks so far. i've bought 20 books so far and will be a lifelong customer. john | huntsville, al can't say enough how much i am enjoying buying books from here! great selection, great prices, and best of all, free shipping! in addition, you know what you are going to get, as the books are accurately graded, and marked whether or not they are ex-library, missing a dust jacket, etc. i wish other marketplaces were as detail oriented! (and the 50 cent discount for buying multiple books from a single location is great.) joe burkholder | kannapolis, nc first time that i have ever ordered anything of the internet. what a surprise when everything went just the way it should.! the book arrived in the time period that i needed it as well! i will definately be using you again! colleen rogers | phoenix, arizona when i found thriftbooks, i first thought, "what's the catch?" there was no "catch", just quality books at an amazingly low price with free shipping to boot. i have been able to find many classics like those of victor hugo and alexandre dumas as well as some books for my 8th grade daughter on her school reading list. i'm hooked on thriftbooks. for life. also, every book that i have bought thus far has been exactly as described. thanks very much. dennis galloway | corpus christi, tx too good to be true, free shipping, great prices, and awesome selection. i keep waiting for the catch and finally am realizing there is none! recommending this to everyone i know! thank you! kate | boston, ma i am very excited to have learned about thriftbooks! my best friend mentioned the website to me, and i was skeptical... free shipping, fast service, and cheap books? the majority of my books arrived within 2 to 4 days of my order in even better condition than promised, filling me with nerdy delight. however, oddly enough, the thing i am most impressed with is what happened when two of my books did not arrive. my response was handled respectfully, promptly, and professionally---two replacements were shipped the very next day, without. what could have been a bad experience has instead encouraged me to buy more, and recommend the site to my friends (and actually leave this feedback!). thank you! samantha | langhorne, pa i discovered thriftbooks while searching for a cheap alternative to purchase books for my bookclub. as advertised, thriftbooks had the cheapest prices online! all of the books have been in wonderful condition and arrived in a timely manner. the prices, customer service and selection cannot be beat! i have told all of my fellow readers to check out the site and they too, have fallen in love! thriftbooks has become my new online shopping addiction and favorite website! jessi | ellijay, ga thrift books is my go to book store. free shipping, cheap books, fast service yes it can be done. if you are not shopping thrift books you are paying too much. the description of the condition has been spot on. i even think a couple books they gave it a "very good" when it looked "like new" to me. i am so very pleased with thrift books. i have order from them more than once and have always been pleased.books arrive within a week of ordering. thank you thriftbooks i am a lifetime customer now. grace | houston, tx i received the book i ordered from thriftbooks today and was so excited i actually thought i could cry. the book arrived in excellent condition, after being told it would be in "acceptable condition". i am now a lifetime thriftbook buyer. i am so thankful for this site because the book i was looking for was not popular in stores. i will be ordering more books for my son for christmas..........so get ready to fill my order!! thank you again for the prompt service. jennifer eaton | aliquippa, pa i have been ordering books from thriftbooks for a long while now and have never been unhappy with any purchase from them. i love books and take pride in taken care of my books. so when i first started ordering from here i was waiting to see what kind of condition the books would come to me in.used books i was kind of skeptical of buying because of alot of people do not take care of their books..but was i wrong ...every book i have ordered from thriftbook has been wonderful no complaints on this site at all..i will continue to always be a loyal customer of thriftbooks and in telling others of what a wonderful site they are. i go to other sites and bookstores in my community but never will i pay the price again for books in a high dollar retail book store when thriftbooks make it affordable for me to buy more then one book at a time! thank you thriftbooks! tina | lancaster, sc i love this site. i found this site about 6 months ago and have placed a few orders with them since. every book has been in exellent condition and arrived in the time that they said it would. one great thing about this site is that i have been able to find books that are out of publication and difficult to find. thank you thriftbooks!! i tell everyone to check this site out! scott | clinton twp, mi i freaking love this site. almost every book i can think of, at a fraction of the retail price, and free shipping. this site is god's gift to book lovers. don't hesitate, just purchase from here and see for yourself. enough talk time to go get my read on! nathan | dallas, tx i love thriftbooks!! most wonderful book website out there. every time i've bought books from them has been a delightful experience! my books always are shipped quickly too me and it's hard to even think of going to another bookstore ever again when i have thriftbooks right at my finger tips! thank you! amy | milner, ga love, love, love, this site. i was able to get the books i needed for my kid's summer reading lists and more( for me ) at low, low, low prices and the best thing of all..... no shipping charge!!!! i have been able to fill out my collections with missing pieces and purchase books i have had on my waiting lists on other sites for next to nothing. best of all it doesn't hurt my budget. i can buy more books for the same price as one from a retailer full price. i have been telling everyone i know about thriftbooks. it is just too good to keep to myself. lori y | columbus, ohio i have just received my first order and i couldn't be happier with the results. the condition of each book was at least what was stated in its description and of ten books all but two were what i would consider to be a level higher stated. great communication, fast shipping and a product that was at or above expectations. i don't know how one could ask for more. thanks! i will certainly be ordering again. steve pritchard | winston, ga i found thriftbooks a year ago and i have been a very happy customer ever since. if there is a problem with an order they are very willing to correct it, and that is the best customer service you can get now a days. i like that i can find a lot of the books i am interested in and that they let you know when a books statis changes or becomes available again. i have let all my friends and family members know about this site. keep up the great work... laura jane | pine grove, pa thrift books is absolutely the most incredible place to buy books. i am always pleased with everything i order and on the rare occassion when a book did not arrive in the condition as described, thrift books took care of the problem right away. if i have a question about a book or about my order, someone always replies to my e-mail on a very timely basis. the service is great and i have recommended thrift books to many of my book loving friends. thank you for being such a great and reliable place to shop. kim wheeler | sedalia, ky where has thriftbooks.com been all my life??? this site is terrific -- no more amazon for me. my three favorite suppliers nowadays are thriftbooks, zappos and starbucks! excellent selection, free shipping, great updates & notifications -- i love it! i can indulge without feeling guilty! linda | coral gables, fl great service - a big thanks to thriftbooks. my book got lost in the mail. which, though it was a birthday gift, didn't bother me overly - it wasn't valuable and things do get lost in the mail. thriftbooks customer service made a few helpful suggestions (i.e. check with neighbours, check with local post office) - but without me asking, they shipped another copy. everything was professional and, to me, ever better than what a person might expect. much thanks to thriftbooks! j. halbertsma | vancouver, bc, canada just wanted you to know i received the last two books of several i bought from you. please let others know that you have the best store on the internet. i've gotten into some situations with other book sellers that have turned me off. but not with you! what i order, you ship. the condition of the books are always as described. it's a distinct pleasure working with someone who understands the old fashioned concept (alas) of service and responsibility. please be sure i will always recommend you to anyone who is looking for a book they cannot find locally. in fact, even if they find it locally, they can probably get a better price from thrift books. thanks again, sheri marion sheri marion | appleton, wi i love thriftbooks. everytime i order a book, it arrives within a week.. i have never had a problem with thriftbooks...and the cost is great, plus free shipping! what more could you ask for.. elizabeth | oxnard, ca i was very apprehensive about buying a used book, sight unseen. wow, there is a lot of varying feedback about all used book outlets out there. thriftbooks had the best overall feedback, in my opinion. so i took the chance (i intend on keeping this book, long-term). i'm very pleased with my experience. the book shipped from washington to georgia in a just a handful of days and the book is in pristine condition, as advertised. i bought it for $8 (including taxes/shipping), it is $130 new. so great experience, this will be my first stop next time. thanks! scott davidson | marietta, ga unbelievable customer service! not only did the book arrive immediately, and, they are environmentally conscious, but even more: the customer service and contact is the best i have ever seen!! you ca not go wrong with this company!!!!!!! sharon | middlesex, nj wow my books were in better condition than advertised. no writing no messed up pages and one or two of them were brand freaking new wow! and i couldn't have gotten all these books new or even used in my home town for the price you charged me. thank you!!!!! jennifer | salt lake city, utah absolutely great "bookstore." i live in a small town in oregon that doesn't have many places to buy books (two), so when i discovered thrift books, it was like i suddenly had a bookstore in my office. whenever i'm searching for an author, or title, i always check here first. you can't beat the selection, the price, or best of all: the free shipping terri | roseburg, or i discovered this site when i ordered a book from amazon. since then, this is my only book website that i go to. i trully love this website and have recommended it to each and everyone that i share a love of books with. even in australia. i will forever be a fan!!!!!!! alicia | muscatine, ia thank you - again! my books arrived sooner than expected, in better condition than suggested, and at prices that allow me the luxury of purchasing! thank you, again. ritta | boise, id i have used many online book services to fulfill my passion for reading. to date, thrift books has established themselves as being one of the best i have utilized. i ordered a used book (book seven of david farland), and not only was the cost completely amazing, the promptness of service was outstanding!!! i received exactly as advertised. and within 7 days! you now have a lifelong customer. i would urge every person that wishes to purchase a book online to use thrift books. you will not find a more reputable, customer orientated company. bar none. thank you thrift books. kelly s. | redmond, or i have just discovered thrift books and am so excited. what a wonderful site. i purchased 5 books on my first order. the prices are wonderful and with no shipping it makes it a real bargain. the delivery time was great. love your site and will be revisiting alot in the future. thank you very much. god bless you and your company. linda | lyndon station, wi the very first book i received from thrift books was of a quality less than i thought it should be. i contacted them about it and had a replacement within days. so i thought i would try them again. i now use them exclusively. no more 3.99 shipping on ebay or amazon. the selection they have here is excellent. the customer service is awesome and the shipping times are much quicker than any other book site i have used in the past. we are both avid readers and just love thrift books, if you are reading the feedback trying to decide whether to use them or not. do try them...you will not be sorry. joni m asbridge | hartsville, tn i love thriftbooks! it's great to be able to buy 9 books at $30.00 (including shipping) than 3 books for the same price. and i bought a gift card for my mom's birthday! what a great way to tell her i love her. thank you for being here, thriftbooks! kerri phillips | palm desert, ca i don't know how anyone could not love thrift books! it's absolutely amazing. i just ordered 12 books for under $60; in my mind, that is just incredible. i'm a college student and i have a ton of novels that i need for classes this year. the books i couldn't find on thrift books i, unfortunately, orderd through amazon, and spent a little over $30 for four books. that's half the cost for only a third of the books i got here. nothing compares to this site. i tell everyone i know who's looking for an inexpensive read about thrift books and they are floored. i couldn't love it more! i will definitely be buying over and over again from this amazing resource. best of all, books are being recycled and enjoyed by so many people. reading connects the world. emma b | a small town, wi great books, hard back books, hard to find books and so much more---and at such a great price and free shipping. for anyone on a small budget who loves to read, this is better than checking out a book at the library. i mean most of these books are cheaper than what it would cost to drive to the library. i hope my friends check this out. pam | decatur, tn i buy lots of books and this is the best place to buy them!! the books are the cheapest around and there's no shipping charges!! you may find books on other sites for the same price but you won't get free shipping. these books are even cheaper than my local second hand book store prices. buy here!!!!!!! also great customer service!!!!!!!! laurie cook | lynn, ma love love love! the selection of books are awesome, you cant beat the prices! my entire library of how to books , crafting, decorating books have been growing since i found your site. delivery time is impeccable i cant express how pleased i am. honestly i tried ordering from other sites then i delete my order and come to your site. keep it up you have a permanent customer and i have recommended you to many of my friends. daisy | aiken, sc thriftbooks you rock! i ordered my book 5 days ago and it has just arrived! i am a bookaholic so this site is my new bff. the whole process is easy and fast....if you are a first time buyer you will not be disappointed... elizabeth | oxnard, ca wow! i have always avoided tobacco, alcohol and other temptations but thriftbooks has become my new addiction!!!! i love buying old hard covers - very difficult to find, and you guys (gals) have become my go-to source for filling my library. thanks, all! goergia frasch. sid alley | allen park, mi loved my transaction with thriftbooks. i was impressed by their service and by the books that i purchased. from my experience, this is a great web site and i will continue to do business with them. best of all, i will recommend them to my friends! georgia frasch | briarcliff manor, ny i just wanted you to know how much i love your new website. it is so easy to follow and gives all the pertinent information needed when purchasing books. i also want to tell you how much i appreciate the condition of the books i have already received. i have such a passion for books and the condition of them is very important to me. i have purchased most of them through seattle or portland but also from others and they have all been in excellent condition. thank you so much and keep up the good work. carole a | unknown, unknown i've stopped buying from my friends at 84 charing cross road because your selection is better, my orders come quickly, and your shipping charge can't be beat. need any powdered eggs? helene hanff | ny, ny i used to order a lot of books from amazon marketplace, until i noticed that thriftbooks was the supplier through amazon that provided the best & fastest service. now, i do not bother with amazon anymore, and order right from thriftbooks. i am pretty sure i am on my 999,999th book ordered from you guys. suppose i could get my millionth free? collin | boston, ma i have just received my last order from thrift books. i have been very pleased with all of the books i have ordered from you. they are in the condition as described amd generally pretty good shipping time. this is a great site. love it! love it! love it!. thanks for all the good things you do sue preuss | murphy, nc this is a great place to buy books! with their always free shipping, books typically cost less than the shipping price alone at other online sellers (amazon, ebay, half, etc) and with the supplemental discount of purchasing additional books from the same city location the savings can be even greater (there's even a discount if you ship from your 'local' seller). i always turn to thriftbooks first to compliment my reading needs (and, oh, what needs i have). craig duckett | seattle, wa thriftbooks is awesome. even though i get my orders sent to eastern canada, they always come quickly and shipping is very cheap. if thiftbooks offered air miles, i would be flying to japan shortly. thanks again. if you ever offer stock options, i would love to invest. you should relocate to canada. it's cold, but we like to read a lot. you guys are so much more talented than your olympic men and women's hockey teams. keep up the good work! laura | new brunswick, canada i have recently discovered thriftbooks and have bought several books in the last couple of weeks. each time i order, my books arrive in great condition, and the prices are exceptional. living in canada, the shipping is a bit more than to ship to the us, but the prices are truly unbeatable by other websites! i am a teacher at a private school, and buying textbooks (often with my own money) is difficult, but thanks to thriftbooks, i can afford to buy the books i need to make my classroom shelves stocked and ready for reading! jacqui | ontario, canada used to use half.com; they're great but the shipping was killing me... i love to order books! also, the shipping bags are recyclable, which we in portland, or just love! lorinn | portland, or i received my first order promptly and in very good condition. i am so happy that i found this site. i love it and being a book lover, this is perfect. when buying books in quantity the free shipping is a blessing. thanks and keep up the good work. sue | na, north carolina my last order of 10 books was filled with perfect accuracy. all books are in excellent condition. the prices were very reasonable, and the site is so easy to navigate. i have ordered many books from thrift books, and i am always very pleased with my purchases. the service is always superior. this is my favorite online bookseller, and i highly recommend them! this repeat customer will be back! linda | hyannis, ma i love this store!! i no need to leave my home finding books. they are right here at thriftbooks. i love your free shipping and fast delivery. customer service to me is a must, and your company sure has the best customer service i have ever experienced. you have me as a customer for life. thanks!! marilyn | scottsville, va ever since i first discovered thrift books i have gone to the site at least once a day. already being a huge book lover i found myself adding and adding to my wishlist. every 10 books or so i'll add them to my cart and check out. i am always so pleasently surprised of the cost. i reccomend thrift books to everyone i know. elyse | boston, ma for little over a year, i have order several books from thriftbook---not just for myself, but for others in my family. we all have been very please with the customer service, the quality of the books and the prices. actually, i've discovered that i'm addicted to thriftbook. it's better than chocolate, but because the prices are so low, i can have my chocolate and read too. pam bates | decatur, tn times are so tough these days...i did not think i would be able to afford the book that i dearly wanted for my daughter to prepare for college. i found it here for less than 1/3 the retail price - including shipping! i was a little afraid of markings - it was in near pristine condition! i am so, so grateful. i will recommend you to everyone i know. and i will be back. thank you! christine | posen, il i love this site! i have found every book i've looked for, prices are great, free shipping, and books are delivered quickly. i have recommended this site to friends and family. i'm so glad to have found thrift books! juliana m | cameron park, ca this was my first purchase through your website. i just got my books today, and they are in great condition. great prices, no hassle, and shop from home. what more can you ask for? i will be ordering again soon! thank you thrift books! heather | layton, ut i have been dealing with thrift books for several years. the books are always in very good condition, often even better than promised. the shipping is extremely fast. thrift books is a seller you can truly trust. buy with confidence from them! linda | hyannis, ma this was my first order with thriftbooks and i was very pleased with every aspect of my dealings with them. the price was reasonable, my book’s condition was in better condition then was described and my book was delivered much earlier then i was told to expect it. so my thanks goes out to the gang at thriftbooks and i will be using them in the future for all my literary purchases. john | ohio, lm thrift books is simply amazing. i have purchased books from you since 2005 and have only once had a book arrive late. even that one time was a great experience because the customer service was fantastic. the person i spoke to was helpful and eager to solve my problem. thanks for creating a great company! tony amoto | orlando, florida i love thriftbooks.com, i can't tell you how many books i've ordered since i found this online. books are a weakness for now. but i've loved everyone of them. a penny for a book plus s&h. can't beat that. beth | york, pa i found some very nice and inexpensive books on your site. i will definitely be ordering from you guys again!!! you all rock!!! like i always say about new books, if i have not read it, it is new to me....keep up the great work! shilo | saratoga springs, ny who needs new books! love you guys at thriftbooks...this is an incredible service, very addictive. i am reading more because of your service. lisa | bridgetown, bb what i like most about thrift, apart from the prices of course, is that you are strict when grading second hand books. i know how time-consuming grading is so it is much appreciated. stig | sarpsborg, norway thank you for saving me a kajillion dollars on textbooks! when will you start offering used tuition? kate | waterloo, on i absolutely love this site. i have never gotten a book that was not in great condition and the prices are fantastic! thanks so much! debie | rio rancho, nm i got to know thriftbooks via a purchase i once made on amazon, afterwards i decided to give the thrift site a try and eversince then itis been a splendid experience and i hope to continue the patronage insha allah. to me thriftbooks is a site that is helping to foster literacy in the world by selling cheap quality books in terms of material quality and book content. abu | lagos, nigeria i love you guys! i send books to a loved one in prison and i have some rather disheartening experiences with other sellers who say nasty things and flat out refuse to send them. you guys have never ever given me any grief and are so prompt and courteous. thank you, kelly kelly | kokomo, in i love this store!! best prices, and fast delivery! i have told all my friends how pleased i am with this site. i will order again. thanks!! margaret | orlando, fl i have purchased many books from thriftbooks, through amazon. i have been so pleased with the service i receive from them. i just love their prices. their product comments have always been truthful and i always receive my purchases promptly, with adequate packageing. thank you!! lloyal | delta, co i love thrift books. the vhs tapes are cool and the ones i order are a penny a piece. i think that the movies and shows are all the same and love the old t.v. shows and movies. i do not mind if i buy vhs or dvd long as i can find a great deal. the books are cool to i found my books from under $7.99 to a penny. a.l. scott | detroit, mi very happy thank you, books received promptly. shana | cooran, queensland australia your email has been sent. thanks! thriftbooks.com close website why books buyer feedback gift cards my account settings shopping cart order history wish list information free shipping about thrift books in the press partnerships buy from us wholesale become an affiliate are you a library? quick help shipping info faq contact us employment follow us copyright © 2013 thriftbooks.com | terms of use | privacy policy please wait please wait please wait please wait ok