来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229164403/http://www.thriftbooks.com/help/
================================================================================

help & support | new and used books from thrift books skip to content search wish list cart menu search all categories kid's young adult fiction rare & collectible offers blog help & support categories my account shipping wish list billing general customer service technical correctional facilities 10 most commonly asked questions need additional help? contact customer service my account view an order to view your order history, click on my account then select “order history” from the menu on the left side of the screen. click an order number to see complete details of your order. if your order contained a gift card, you will have access to a few extra tools – see the gift cards section of help for more details. update or add a credit card to change your saved credit card information, click on my account then select “payment preferences” from the menu on the left side of the screen. from here you can edit your saved payment information, delete a credit card, or add a new credit card. add a new shipping address to add a new shipping address, click on my account then select “account addresses” from the menu on the left side of the screen. from here you can add a new address, edit an existing address, or delete an address from your address book. change your email address to change the email address on your account, log in using your existing email address and password, just as you set it up initially. from the my account page, select “update personal information” from the menu on the left side of the screen. enter your new email address and your password to verify the change. the new email address you enter will become the login for the next time you come back to the website. change your password to change the password on your account, click on my account then select “update password” from the menu on the left side of the screen and follow the prompts. set email preferences to change your email preferences or unsubscribe from receiving promotional emails, click on my account then select “email preferences” from the menu on the left side of the screen. from here you can choose which types of emails you would like to receive. note: if you choose not to receive marketing emails from us, you will still receive transactional emails for your orders. shipping what are your shipping rates / delivery times? this depends on your location and the shipping method that you selected while placing your order. all of our rates and delivery estimates can be found on the shipping rates page. why is it taking so long to receive my order? unfortunately, we have no control over how long it takes the mail carrier to deliver your package once it leaves our warehouse. we process and ship out most of our packages within 1 to 2 business days.check below to see the standard delivery times:united states standard: 4 to 14 business (m-f) days. may take as many as 21 business (m-f) days.expedited: 2 to 6 business (m-f) days. may take as many as 8 business (m-f) days. 2- day shipping: 2 business (m-f) days after shipment. internationalstandard: 3 to 4 weeks. may take as long as 45 days depending on any customs delays.expedited: 10 to 15 days. may take as long as 21 days depending on any customs delays.*orders placed on friday get shipped on monday. can i combine more than one item in a single shipment? absolutely! as a matter of fact, this website was built specifically for customers interested in purchasing more than one item at a time. we’ll always ship from the closest possible location for the fastest service, and we will combine as many items into a single package as possible. where do you ship your orders from? we automatically ship a copy that meets your chosen condition criteria from the location nearest to the shipping address on your order. this ensures that your order will arrive as quickly as possible.please note that if you order multiple items, it is possible to receive separate packages containing all of your order. in most cases, the packages arrive on different days because of the different transit times from each location. do you ship outside the united states? yes, we ship internationally. we are proud to have one of one of the fastest delivery times to customers overseas. see our delivery times page. can you change my shipping address from domestic to international? unfortunately, we cannot change your shipping address from domestic to international. if you would like to change your shipping address from domestic to international you will need to cancel your order and take your item(s) through check-out again. we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. shipping method all domestic standard and expedited shipments are distributed from our warehouses by dhl globalmail, then handed off to the usps for final delivery. 2-day shipping is delivered by ups, which does not deliver to po boxes. international shipments are tendered to the local postal service in the destination country for final delivery – we do not use courier services for international deliveries. tracking we will include a tracking link in the shipment confirmation email for all shipments going to a us address. please note that it may take up to 24 hours for tracking information to appear online. tracking is not available for international orders at this time. you can access tracking information for any order placed through our website in the my account area. click on the “order history” link on the left side of the screen, then click an order number to access shipment and tracking information at the bottom of the order details screen. online tracking information is not 100% reliable. missing or “stalled” tracking information can indicate that something has gone wrong with the shipment, or it can simply be the result of a missed scan along the way. please contact customer service if your order is not delivered within the estimated delivery time. incorrect shipping address if you need to update your shipping address, send an email to sales@thriftbooks.com as soon as possible. to help expedite your request, please include the phrase “address correction” in the subject line. if your order has not yet been shipped, we will be happy to make this change for you. apo/fpo/dpo shipments be sure to enter your address correctly to ensure a smooth delivery. follow these guidelines when entering your shipping address: city: enter apo, fpo, or dpo. state/province: choose the two-letter code for the region where the recipient is stationed: ae, aa, or ap. military codes are located at the end of the drop-down list. postal code: enter the appropriate 5-digit zip code (or zip+4) country: select usa from the country list. the usps will transfer the package to the military mail system for overseas delivery. please allow additional delivery time for orders going to apo/fpo/dpo addresses. in some cases delivery time can be as long as 30 to 45 days for standard shipping. choose our expedited shipping option for faster service. we are unable to provide tracking information once a package has entered the military mail system. alaska, hawaii and us territories please allow additional delivery time for orders going to alaska and hawaii. in some cases delivery time can be as long as 30 days for standard shipping. choose our expedited shipping option for faster service. orders using the standard shipping option are delivered by usps media mail, a shipping method created by the post office to keep the price of shipping books low. unfortunately, packages going to guam, puerto rico, alaska, and hawaii can take longer than normal to arrive. in some cases delivery time can be as long as 30 days. u.s. territories and freely associated states: when entering an address for puerto rico, guam, u.s. virgin islands, u.s. minor outlying islands, american samoa, marshall islands, northern mariana islands, palau, or federated states of micronesia, follow these guidelines when entering your shipping address: state: select the appropriate two-letter state code from the drop-down menu. for example, the 2-letter state code for palau is pw. postal code: always double-check for the correct us zip code. country: select usa from the country list. can i get a discount on a large order? thrift books’ idea was to offer the best prices on the internet regardless of the total number of items purchased. because our prices are already so low, we do not offer additional discounts on larger orders. however, please note that we offer free shipping on us orders of $10 or more, as well as regular coupon deals and special offers. sign up to receive our emails to be notified of current deals. will you reimburse me if i am charged customs fees? we cannot be held responsible for items that pass through customs and require additional payment. we have zero control in customs fees but in most cases our customers never get charged, especially for low-value packages. however, it's technically possible, unfortunately it's out of our hands. we are not able to refund based on a customer being charged a customs tax or duty fee on a package coming into your country – it's the right of your local government to charge this if they choose. wish list wish list basics the wish list is designed to allow you to save items that you are interested in purchasing at a later time. you can choose to receive email updates for the items on your list on a weekly basis, or the instant we get a new copy in stock. when you buy an item on your wish list, we’ll automatically remove it for you. to view your wish list, click the wish list link at the top of any page on our site. note that you will need to be logged in to view your wish list. to add a book to your wish list, locate an item using our search bar or by browsing the category pages. once you have found an item you would like to add, click on the blue add to wish list link located under the book title to add it to your default wish list. pro tip: click the arrow to the right of the add to wish list link to add the item to one of your custom lists, or to create a new list on the spot. see below for more information on creating a custom wish list. to remove a book from your wish list, open your wish list and check one or more of the boxes next to each item. use the remove button at the top of the page to delete all selected items. to create a new wish list, click the new wish list button in the left-hand column and follow the prompts. you are welcome to have as many wish lists on your account as you like. this is a great way to organize your saved books by subject, or to create a custom list for sharing. to share your wish list, click on the "share this wish list" link at the top of the wish list screen. this will generate a custom link that will point to a publicly viewable version of your wish list. copy and paste the link into an email, instant messaging service, or on your favorite social networking site to share with friends and family. to re-name your wish list, click the [edit] link next to the list title at the top of the page. to purchase an available book from your wish list, click "add to cart" and we will automatically add the best available copy to your shopping cart. wish list email notifications you can choose to receive a weekly summary email showing all the items on your wish list that are currently in stock, or an instant notification email the moment we receive a new copy. each item on your list can have individual notification preferences. if you add an out-of-stock item to your wish list, you will receive an automated email notifying you when that item is re-stocked and available for sale. items in high demand can sell quickly. if a book is no longer available when you click through to see it, we’ll leave it on your wish list and send you another email when it’s back in stock. to change your email notification preferences for a single item, look for the check boxes to the right of the book image. to change multiple items at once, select the items you want to change using the boxes to the left of the image, then click the actions button at the top of the list. to disable all wish list emails, go to my account and click the email preferences link in the settings menu on the left side of the page. billing what payment methods do you offer? we accept visa, mastercard, discover, and paypal. we do not accept personal checks, money orders, bitcoin or purchase orders at this time. any checks or money orders received in the mail will be shredded and disposed of properly. while we don't accept american express directly, we do accept american express cards through paypal. paypal is free to use, but requires that you set up an account on their website. once you have an account, select the paypal option in the payment method section of our order form then click on the yellow button in the right-hand column. you will be taken to paypal's secure servers to complete your payment, and returned to our website for order confirmation. is it safe to use my credit card? yes, our website is secure. all of the information submitted is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security. you will notice a padlock icon on the bottom right corner of your browser which indicates when a page is secure. encryption is enabled on all the pages where you enter credit card or other personal information. can i send you a check or money order instead of submitting my credit card information? we do not accept checks or money orders. any check received in the mail will be shredded and disposed of properly. our website is designed to process credit cards. all of your credit card information is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security. you will notice a padlock icon on the bottom right corner of your browser which indicates that the page is secure.encryption is enabled on all the pages where you enter credit card or other personal information. can i order an item through the mail (instead of the internet)? unfortunately, we cannot accept orders placed through traditional mail because we do not accept personal checks, money orders, etc. if you would like to purchase an item you must do it through our website. any check received in the mail will be shredded and disposed of properly. will i get refunded for a package that was "returned to sender?" because most cases can be prevented by the buyer, we charge a $2.00 restocking fee for each item returned to us.*below are the reasons why a package would be “returned to sender.”* unclaimed – restocking fee charged* no such address – restocking fee charged* address incomplete – restocking fee charged* moved/unknown – restocking fee charged* no such post office –full refund (how is that your fault?)* refused – restocking fee chargedall packages returned to us come with one of the reasons checked off by the mail courier on a separate form.* restocking fee for items sent via expedited shipping is $5.00. restocking fee for canada and uk orders is $5.00, and $7.00 for the rest of the world. i typed my credit card wrong and it got denied. how can i reorder the same books again? currently we do not have a way for you to recreate your order exactly. we are a used book store and don't carry multiple copies of many of our books. when you add a book to your cart, you are adding a specific copy that we have on our shelves. if your payment is declined, the books from your order are placed back on the shelf, and the potential exists that they may have been sold to someone else. for this reason we cannot simply refill your cart and reprocess the card. we are, however, working to improve our checkout process to verify credit cards more quickly and give you a chance to fix any typos before an order is completely submitted. do you charge sales tax? we are required to collect sales tax if your order is shipped to an address where one of our 10 fulfillment warehouse is located. we charge the local tax rate for each state, and follow all tax collection guidelines on a state-by-state basis. we collect sales tax on any orders that are being sent to: washington, oregon, nevada, arizona, texas, missouri, michigan, georgia, maryland, connecticut, and illinois. what currency does thriftbooks.com use? as a us based seller, all currency on our site is listed in us dollar (usd). please note, if you are outside of the usa your credit card statement may show a differnt total amount due to the exchange rate. general do you have a store front? at this time all of our business is conducted online. how do i find a book? you can search our inventory of books using our new and improved search engine, located at the top of every page of our website. just choose your search category (author, title or isbn) from the drop-down menu to the right of the search bar, and enter your keywords. we’ll quickly chug through our inventory of more than 6 million used books and tell you what we have in stock. you can also use the browse menu, available from the navigation bar at the top of your screen. select a major category and you will be taken to a landing page for that subject. use the menu on the left side of your screen to select a sub-category, or just use the small search bar at the top of this section to search through only the books in your selected category. finally, give our advanced search form a try – you can find a link to it just below the main search bar. how do i place an order? purchasing books on our website is fast, easy and secure. first, locate the book you wish to purchase using the search bar located at the top of every page of our website. click the title to see all available formats and editions in one place. once you have decided on the edition and copy you want, you can either instantly add the best copy to your cart using the button to the right of the listing, or click on the “see all copies” link to see all available options. from here, click on the green “add to cart” button for the copy you would like to purchase.after you have added all the books you wish to purchase to your shopping cart, you can see the contents by clicking on the shopping cart icon in the upper right hand corner of your screen. from here you can view your items, select a shipping method, add or delete items, or save your entire order to a wish list. when you are ready to check out, simply click on the “proceed to checkout” button in the lower right corner of the shopping cart and follow the prompts. what condition are your used books in? each book is individually rated by a thrift books staff member. below are the different condition ratings and definitions: * new: just like it sounds. a brand-new, unused, unread copy in perfect condition. * like new: an apparently unread copy in perfect condition. dust cover is intact; pages are clean and are not marred by notes or folds of any kind. * very good: a copy that has been read, but remains in excellent condition. pages are intact and are not marred by notes or highlighting, but may contain a neat previous owner name. the spine remains undamaged. * good: a copy that has been read, but remains in clean condition. all pages are intact, and the cover is intact. the spine may show signs of wear. pages can include limited notes and highlighting, and the copy can include "from the library of" labels or previous owner inscriptions. * acceptable: a readable copy. all pages are intact, and the cover is intact (the dust cover may be missing). pages can include considerable notes--in pen or highlighter--but the notes cannot obscure the text. * thrift deal: items with a thrift deal tag are rated in at least 'acceptable' condition (a readable copy, intact, and may include notes that do not obscure the text). why did i receive a different cover than i ordered? all items are listed by isbn match and product details come from an isbn database. unfortunately we cannot guarantee you will receive the same cover image listed with the item. please note, display images are always stock photos unless otherwise specified. what is an isbn? isbn is an acronym for international standard book number. an isbn is a ten- or thirteen-digit code used to identify a book. you can find the isbn on the back of a book near the barcode or on the copyright page. each book has its own unique isbn. do you have a customer service phone number? we do not have a customer service phone number at this time. please send us an email at sales@thriftbooks.com and our team will be more than happy to assist you with any questions you may have. how does the wish list work? the wish list is designed to allow you to save items that you are interested in purchasing for another day. if you add an out-of-stock item to your wish list, you will receive an automated email notifying you once that item is re-stocked and available for sale. the wish list can be found by clicking on the “wish list” link at the top of your screen, or from the my account page. you can control your wish list email settings from here as well. click on the “share” link at the top of your wish list to generate a custom link that will point to a publicly viewable version of your wish list. this is a great way to share your list with friends and family! i ordered a gift card for someone but they never got the email. you can find all the information regarding a gift card order by clicking on the my account tab located at the top of your screen. click on the order history link, and look for your gift card orders below the list of book orders. you can also make sure the email address is correct and resend the email from this page, or even print out a hard copy. do you accept book donations? at this time we do not accept donations. we always suggest donating any unwanted books to a local library, school or charity center. customer service how do i cancel my order? email us at this address and notify us that you would like to cancel your order. to help expedite your request, please include your order number in the body of the email and type the phrase "cancel order" in the subject line. if there is anything we can do prior to cancelling your order that will fix the problem for you, we will do our best to accommodate your wishes. where do i find my order number? the order number can be found in the upper right-hand corner of the email sent to you by thrift books with the subject line "order confirmation" or "shipping confirmation." if you purchased your books through thriftbooks.com, you can find your order number on the order history page, found by clicking on the my account link at the top of your screen. damaged or incorrect items if you receive a damaged or incorrect item, or are unsatisfied with your order for any reason, please contact our customer service team at sales@thriftbooks.com. one of our dedicated customer service representatives will work with you to resolve any issues you may have with your order, often without the need for a return. missing items if you have not received your order by the end of the estimated delivery time, check your tracking information for the current status of the package. we always suggest that you check with anyone in your office or household who may have received the package and neglected to tell you. if there is no indication of the current delivery status and you still have not received the package, please contact us at sales@thriftbooks.com and one of our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you. how do i add more books to an order i already submitted? unfortunately, there is no way to add more books to an order that has been submitted and paid for. however, you can always start a new order. we have no limit to the number of orders you may place. what is your return and exchange policy? if you receive a damaged or incorrect item, or are unsatisfied with your order for any reason, please contact our customer service team at sales@thriftbooks.com. one of our dedicated customer service representatives will work with you to resolve any issues you may have with your order, often without the need for a return. you are welcome to return an item for any reason within 60 days of the original purchase date. please enclose a brief note with your return that includes your order number and the reason for your return, then mail to: thriftbooks, llc attn: returns 2337 centerline industrial dr st. louis mo 63146 we recommend shipping your return via usps media mail to secure the best shipping rates. please allow up to 14 days after receipt to process your return and issue a refund. all refunds will be issued to the payment form used on your original order. items returned to us as a result of our error will receive a full refund, plus return shipping up to the original shipping amount paid. items returned to us that were not the result of our error, including items returned to us due to an invalid or incomplete address, will be refunded the original item price less our standard restocking fees. occasionally, items are returned to us by the usps by mistake. if an order is returned to us in error, we will either refund in full or re-ship the item to you via expedited mail at no additional charge. what are your restocking fees? returns that are not the result of our error may be subject to a restocking fee of $2.00 per item sent by standard shipping, or $5.00 per item sent by expedited shipping. the restocking fee for canada and uk orders is $5.00, and $7.00 for the rest of the world. if the item is returned to us for any of the following reasons, a restocking fee will be applied to your refund total: item(s) no longer needed or wanted. item(s) returned to us due to an invalid or incomplete address. item(s) returned to us that were not a result of our error. can you make an item substitution in an order i’ve placed? unfortunately, we cannot substitute one title for a different title on our end. if you would like to substitute an item in your order, you will have to restart the check-out process. technical what do you do with my email address? we do not sell, share, or otherwise distribute your information with any other party. we respect your privacy and store your information in order to communicate with you regarding your order status and occasional upcoming thrift books specials. how can i find a password that i forgot? you can have a temporary password emailed to you from the forgotten password page. once you have logged in with your temporary password, you can re-set your password from the my account page. if you cannot remember what email address you used or no longer have access to that email address, you will need to register a new account. what is the recommended browser and hardware? we recommend and have tested the site using the most popular browsers and platforms, including internet explorer, firefox, chrome and safari. we also support a wide variety of mobile devices and tablets. you must have your security settings at the default for us to authenticate you when you log in. my shopping cart was full and now it is empty. no activity occurred in your cart for an extended period of time and your session was timed out. unfortunately, we cannot save items in your cart for you indefinitely. if you leave your computer for an extended period of time, we assume that your cart was abandoned and we put the books "back on the shelf." there is no way to recover your cart other than to search for the titles and add them to your cart again. as long you are continually shopping, you may take as long as you like, but if you stop and we detect no activity in your cart we will assume it was abandoned. i can't log in or create a new account. possible error messages: email address does not appear valid.email address does not match. solution:make sure you are clicking the correct button on the login page. (there are 2 there, one for existing customers and another for new customers). you will see this error if you put text into one set of boxes but hit the button corresponding to the other. if you are logging in as an existing customer, make sure the text boxes are empty in the “new customer” section, and vice versa - if you are creating a new account make sure the boxes are empty in the existing customer section. i entered the wrong email when i signed up. how can i change it? if you entered the wrong email address when you signed up or if you need to change your email address, just follow the steps below: log in using your "incorrect" or old email address and password just as you set it up initially. then click on the my account tab at the top of the page. from there, find the option to update personal information. the “incorrect” password will be your current email address on this form. the new email address you enter will become the login for the next time you come back to the website. i can't log in or the website asks me to log in more than once. if you use microsoft internet explorer as your browser you can solve this problem by resetting your browser security settings back to the default level: tools -> internet optionsclick the security tab at topclick the button "reset all zones to the default level." correctional facilities which items are accepted/prohibited at prison facilities? restrictions on packages at correctional institutions vary from one institution to another. most facilities will not accept hardcover books and audio tapes. before placing an order, make sure that the contents of the items you are sending meet the guidelines set by the institution. if you are unsure of which items are considered acceptable, please contact the facility first before placing an order. you can also send the packages to a residential address and deliver the item personally. please note that we do not include a packing slip in our packages – if this is required, it’s best to have the book shipped to you, then deliver the item personally. many packages are returned to us because they contain restricted/prohibited items. will you reimburse me if the prison refuses my order? we cannot be held responsible for items returned to us due to unacceptable content/restricted materials, etc. unfortunately, we have no way of knowing the guidelines set by individual facilities. it is the responsibility of the customer to make sure the item(s) being sent are acceptable. all items returned to us are subject to a restocking fee. 10 most commonly asked questions how do i find a book? you can search our inventory of books using our search bar, located at the top of every page of our website. just choose your search category (title/isbn, author or keyword) from the drop-down menu to the left of the search bar, then enter your search term. we’ll quickly sift through our inventory of more than 7 million used books and tell you what we have available.you can also use the browse menu, available from the navigation bar at the top of your screen. select a major category from the inks available or from the “see all categories” menu and you will be taken to a landing page for that subject. use the links on the left side of your screen to select a sub-category, or just use the small search bar at the top of this section to search through only the books in your selected category.finally, give our advanced search form a try – you can find a link to it just above the main search bar. i typed my credit card wrong and it got denied. how can i reorder the same books again? currently we do not have a way for you to recreate your order exactly. we are a used book store and don't carry multiple copies of many of our books. when you add a book to your cart, you are adding a specific copy that we have on our shelves. if your payment is declined, the books from your order are placed back on the shelf, and the potential exists that they may have been sold to someone else. for this reason we cannot simply refill your cart and reprocess the card.we are, however, working to improve our checkout process to verify credit cards more quickly and give you a chance to fix any typos before an order is completely submitted. can i send you a check or money order instead of submitting my credit card information? we do not accept checks or money orders. any check received in the mail will be shredded and disposed of properly. our website is designed to process credit cards. all of your credit card information is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security. you will notice a padlock icon on the bottom right corner of your browser which indicates that the page is secure.encryption is enabled on all the pages where you enter credit card or other personal information. how do i add more books to an order i already submitted? unfortunately, there is no way to add more books to an order that has been submitted and paid for. however, you can always start a new order. we have no limit to the number of orders you may place. my shopping cart was full and now it is empty. no activity occurred in your cart for an extended period of time and your session was timed out. unfortunately, we cannot save items in your cart for you indefinitely. if you leave your computer for an extended period of time, we assume that your cart was abandoned and we put the books "back on the shelf." there is no way to recover your cart other than to search for the titles and add them to your cart again. as long you are continually shopping, you may take as long as you like, but if you stop and we detect no activity in your cart we will assume it was abandoned. what are your shipping rates / delivery times? this depends on your location and the shipping method that you selected while placing your order. all of our rates and delivery estimates can be found on the shipping rates page. why is it taking so long to receive my order? unfortunately, we have no control over how long it takes the mail carrier to deliver your package once it leaves our warehouse. we process and ship out most of our packages within 1 to 2 business days.check below to see the standard delivery times:united states standard: 4 to 14 business (m-f) days. may take as many as 21 business (m-f) days.expedited: 2 to 6 business (m-f) days. may take as many as 8 business (m-f) days. 2- day shipping: 2 business (m-f) days after shipment. internationalstandard: 3 to 4 weeks. may take as long as 45 days depending on any customs delays.expedited: 10 to 15 days. may take as long as 21 days depending on any customs delays.*orders placed on friday get shipped on monday. can i get a discount on a large order? thrift books’ idea was to offer the best prices on the internet regardless of the total number of items purchased. because our prices are already so low, we do not offer additional discounts on larger orders. however, please note that we offer free shipping on us orders of $10 or more, as well as regular coupon deals and special offers. sign up to receive our emails to be notified of current deals. do you offer gift cards? yes! you can email a gift card instantly, or you can print out a copy to give to the lucky recipient in person. to place an order for a gift card in any amount, click here.for complete terms and conditions, click here. what condition are your used books in? each book is individually rated by a thrift books staff member. below are the different condition ratings and definitions: * new: just like it sounds. a brand-new, unused, unread copy in perfect condition. * like new: an apparently unread copy in perfect condition. dust cover is intact; pages are clean and are not marred by notes or folds of any kind. * very good: a copy that has been read, but remains in excellent condition. pages are intact and are not marred by notes or highlighting, but may contain a neat previous owner name. the spine remains undamaged. * good: a copy that has been read, but remains in clean condition. all pages are intact, and the cover is intact. the spine may show signs of wear. pages can include limited notes and highlighting, and the copy can include "from the library of" labels or previous owner inscriptions. * acceptable: a readable copy. all pages are intact, and the cover is intact (the dust cover may be missing). pages can include considerable notes--in pen or highlighter--but the notes cannot obscure the text. * thrift deal: items with a thrift deal tag are rated in at least 'acceptable' condition (a readable copy, intact, and may include notes that do not obscure the text). popular categories children's teen and young adult self-help literature & fiction mystery & thriller sci-fi & fantasy romance large print books rare & collectible books website testimonials gift cards blog tell-a-friend my account settings shopping cart order history wish list information shipping costs about thriftbooks in the press partnerships buy from us wholesale become an affiliate are you a library? quick help help & support contact us careers thriftbooks sells millions of used books at the lowest everyday prices. we personally assess every book's quality and offer rare, out-of-print treasures. we deliver the joy of reading in 100% recycled packaging with free standard shipping on u.s. orders over $10. thriftbooks.com – read more. save more. special offers sign up today to receive exclusive offers, special deals and coupons. we respect your privacy follow us copyright © 2016 thriftbooks.com terms of use | privacy policy