来源URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20161229164403/http://www.thriftbooks.com/conditionofuse.aspx
================================================================================

conditions of use | new and used books from thrift books skip to content search wish list cart menu search all categories kid's young adult fiction rare & collectible offers blog terms of use thrift books global llc, thriftbooks.com and its affiliates ("thriftbooks" or “us”) provide a variety of website features at thriftbooks.com, and other similar services on other websites owned and maintained by thriftbooks (collectively, “thriftbooks services”). by using our website or any thriftbooks services, you agree to the terms of use that are set forth below. please read them carefully. in addition to the terms of use detailed below, when you use any current or future thriftbooks services, you also will be subject to the guidelines, terms, and agreements applicable to such thriftbooks services. if the “terms of use” set forth below are inconsistent with any written guidelines, terms, and agreements relating to any thriftbooks service, the written guidelines, terms, and/or agreements relating to the specific service will control. privacy policy our privacy policy is found at https://www.thriftbooks.com/privacypolicy.aspx. it also governs your visit to thriftbooks.com and thriftbooks services. please read it to understand our practices. communications when necessary, we will communicate with you electronically by e-mail or by notices on thriftbooks.com. by visiting this site or using any thriftbooks service, you consent to receive communications from us electronically. additionally, you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. comments, communications, and other user-submitted content you may submit comments, questions, suggestions, or other information to thriftbooks but such content cannot be objectionable, illegal, obscene, defamatory, infringing of intellectual property rights, an invasion of privacy, or otherwise harmful to others or "spam." if you submit a posting, you must use a real email address and you may not pretend to be any other person. thriftbooks reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. if you do submit a posting, you grant thriftbooks a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. you grant thriftbooks and its sub-licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify thriftbooks for all claims resulting from content you supply. thriftbooks has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. thriftbooks takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. copyright protection all content included in any thriftbooks service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of thriftbooks or its content suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. the compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of thriftbooks and protected by u.s. and international copyright laws. all software used on this site is the property of thriftbooks or its software suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws. tradmark protection thriftbooks, thriftbooks.com, green earth books, motor city books, atlanta book company, and other thriftbooks services graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks, registered trademarks, or trade dress of thriftbooks in the u.s. and/or other countries. thriftbooks' trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not owned by thriftbooks, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits thriftbooks. all other trademarks not owned by thriftbooks that appear in connection with thriftbooks services are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by thriftbooks. license and site access thriftbooks grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of thriftbooks services and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of thriftbooks. this license does not include any resale or commercial use of thriftbooks services’ content; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of thriftbooks services’ content; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. thriftbooks services’s content or any portion of such content may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of thriftbooks. you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of thriftbooks without express written consent. you may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing thriftbooks' name or trademarks without the express written consent of thriftbooks. any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by thriftbooks. you are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of thriftbooks.com so long as the link does not portray thriftbooks, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. you may not use any thriftbooks logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. individual accounts if you use thriftbooks services, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. thriftbooks does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. if you are under 18, you may use thriftbooks services only with parent or guardian supervision. thriftbooks reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion. copyright complaints thriftbooks respects the intellectual property of others. if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us by going to https://www.thriftbooks.com/contact.aspx and sending us a note with “notice of copyright infringement” in the subject line of the email. please include in your email a description of the copyrighted work for which you believe has been infringed, where on the site the infringement occurred, and your contact information. risk of loss all items purchased from thriftbooks are made pursuant to a shipment contract. this means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. product descriptions thriftbooks attempts to be as accurate as possible. however, thriftbooks does not warrant that product descriptions or other content provided through thriftbooks services is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. if a product offered by thriftbooks itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it. disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability thriftbooks.com and all information, content, materials, products (including software) and services included on or otherwise made available to you through thriftbooks services are provided by thriftbooks on an "as is" and "as available" basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. thriftbooks makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of thriftbooks services or the information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through thriftbooks services, unless otherwise specified in writing. you expressly agree that your use of thriftbooks services is at your sole risk. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, thriftbooks disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. thriftbooks does not warrant that thriftbooks services; information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through thriftbooks services; their servers; or email sent from thriftbooks are free of viruses or other harmful components. thriftbooks will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of thriftbooks services or from any information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included on or otherwise made available to you through thriftbooks services, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing. certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights. applicable law by using any thriftbooks service, you agree that the laws of the state of washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms of use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and thriftbooks. disputes any dispute relating in any way to your visit to our sites or use of any thriftbooks service, or to products or services sold or distributed by thriftbooks or through thriftbooks services in which the aggregate total claim for relief sought on behalf of one or more parties exceeds $7,500 shall be adjudicated in any state or federal court in king county, washington, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. site policies, modification, and severability please review our other policies, such as our https://www.thriftbooks.com/privacypolicy.aspx, related to thriftbooks services. these policies govern your visit to and use of thriftbooks services. we reserve the right to make changes to thriftbooks services, policies, and these terms of use at any time. if any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. popular categories children's teen and young adult self-help literature & fiction mystery & thriller sci-fi & fantasy romance large print books rare & collectible books website testimonials gift cards blog tell-a-friend my account settings shopping cart order history wish list information shipping costs about thriftbooks in the press partnerships buy from us wholesale become an affiliate are you a library? quick help help & support contact us careers thriftbooks sells millions of used books at the lowest everyday prices. we personally assess every book's quality and offer rare, out-of-print treasures. we deliver the joy of reading in 100% recycled packaging with free standard shipping on u.s. orders over $10. thriftbooks.com – read more. save more. special offers sign up today to receive exclusive offers, special deals and coupons. we respect your privacy follow us copyright © 2016 thriftbooks.com terms of use | privacy policy